The Center for Research on Resources and the Environment (CREDEEN) has a sword of 30, and the head of the cement has a long history of turning back, benefiting people from time to time and making conch cement.
In the case of conch cement, the economic development dividend will be realized. 2) In the case of the limestone deposits in the province of Fujia Anhui, there is a second-largest and better-quality and easy-to-exploitation reserve in the country, while the Yangtze gold watercourse in the province of Anhui runs north-west, allowing full coverage in the east and south of China, with minimal transportation costs for the t-type strategy. 3) In the case of Guo Wenzheng.
Cement is a homogenous product, a low-cost advantage industry, and cannot be replicated (mines, wharfs).
This is also the root cause of the firm's stable high-roe net interest rate. 1) Resource advantage: from the abundance of limestone resources + quality + proximity to the Yangtze River, mining rights tightened against the company's background.
(ii) Logistics advantages: supply logistics - mine ownership + mine construction + skin 2. High performance, cash flow, q4 performance with transmission + dedicated docks, effective transport cost reduction, corporate logistics as dock approvals are tightened
The advantages are even more pronounced: Integrated management: Line Design + Equipment + Cement Production + Marketing, and Corporate Integrated Management.
3. " Quantified price rises, high performance growth - conch cement " , looking forward to the future, also looking at overseas projects, up-and-down expansion. 1) Overseas production projects have the highest capacity in the country, with wide scope for future development in Indonesia, Russia, Laos, Cambodia, etc.)
(a) Expansion of the bone business, down-scaling of the business, and full-chain collaboration are expected to break through the harvest ceiling. Cement industry: demand is stable, concentration is on the rise. 1) Demand level is stable: high land increase and lag effect + stock effects support the opening of new houses in 2018 and sheds + long-rented apartments provide medium-term start-up
Area support; weak domestic demand + increased trade fighting; “stable growth” still requires capital capacity. (2) There is scope for increasing supply concentration: 69.3 per cent in 2017 in the city of clinker cr10 in the cement industry, more than 70 per cent in the developed countries, and some room for increased concentration in the industry.
New capacity, elimination of backward capacity, promotion of joint restructuring and the introduction of four combinations of boxing for production at the wrong peaks, pe valuation (vertical historical valuation, horizontal industry, comparable company valuation).
First, the world looks at China, China looks at conch, and where is the bottom gas? World Cement magazine used to say, “The world looks at China, China looks at conch, China looks at conch.”
One, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one.
In the same year, the Concorch Cement Plant, a joint venture between China and China, was set up in 1995. In the same year, the Concorch Cement Plant established the copper conch, acquired the White Horse Hill Cement Plant, and moved out of the mountain gate to open the way for expansion.)
In September 1997, the conch group went to Hong Kong with Ning Cement, opening the first river to be marketed outside the cement industry. In February 2002, it was listed as the country’s first A+h Cement Enterprise.
According to the first quarterly report of 2018, the company’s first shareholder is the conch group, with a share of 36.4%.
The regional layout follows the market’s footsteps, with a keen sense of policy. 1) The Ninth Five-Fifteen (1996-2000): T-type strategies take the lead in taking over the East China region.
(b) Construction and expansion of clinker production bases in rich areas; acquisition of small cement plants at low cost in coastal areas where there are no resources but where the cement market is well developed, and conversion of cement mills into local cement mills to break the geographical limit by using the Yangtze Waterway.
In an effort to expand domestic demand, China’s large-scale production line in the east of the country surged in demand in 2003, and strong capital-building efforts brought strong benefits to companies. The company then expanded the south-central market under Gonan, building in Guangxi, Guangdong, Hunan, etc.
Large cement production bases, fast-tracked by the growth of fixed-assets investment in the south-central region, with a rapidly expanding market size. 3) The 11th Five-Year Period (2006-2010): the housing boom plus 4 trillion billions of shares a, raised $11.476 billion to provide strong financial support for the development of the west, followed by
In Gansu, Sichuan, Chongqing, Guizhou, Shaanxi, etc., investments were made to build large production bases. 4) The “12th Five” period (2011-2015): policy winds changed, new production capacity was strictly controlled, and the conch increased its market share by buying and buying 21 cement enterprises, including Yunnan, Xinxi Qing, Wugang Yunfeng, etc.
After nearly three decades of development, conch cement has become the largest single brand in the world, enjoying the reputation of “World Cement to China, China Cement to Sea Cow” in August 2017.
In the month, conch cement was rated second in the world by the International Cement Review magazine, icr, and received the highest international credit rating in industry.
The t-type strategy reduces the cost of transportation by providing a geographical advantage. 1) The t-type company structure of the 95-year period, based on location conditions, resource distribution and market demand, defines the “t-type development strategy” along the east and west coast of China, fully enjoying the rich cement needs of the east and south-central regions of China.
The "t-type strategy" refers to the construction of large, medium-type clinker bases in areas rich in limestone resources along the Yangtze River, the acquisition of small cement plants at low cost in coastal areas where resources are scarce but where the cement market is large, and the transformation into milling stations, the local production of cement, the direct sale of the demand-rich eastern market, and the formation of a sophisticated one.
The material base - Yangjiang - milling station model, which is not comparable to the traditional plant - road - site model, is estimated by the Chinese Cement Association to be about 150-200 m3 for ordinary cement truck transport, 300-500 km for reasonable rail transport and 300-500 km for water transport.
(iii) A dynamic warehouse of the Yangtze image, from west to east, running through Chongqing, Hunan, Jiangxi, Anhui, Jiangsu, and the developed tributary system and maritime transport from north to south, extending vertically to achieve full coverage of the east and south-central areas.
Two hundred thousand tons of daily production (4000 large-carat cargoes) are well digested through the titanium of the conch. This strategic model successfully addresses the bottlenecks encountered by the cement industry in terms of high transport costs and limited distribution areas.
The company builds clinker plants in areas with high-quality coal resources and sufficient limestone reserves.
Over-sizing and adding other raw materials to the clinker through high temperature burns, using clinkers to be transported through belts, to milling stations to make cement, and selling clinkers to be transported through belts to dedicated docks to be transported through milling stations in the Yangtze River to be made of cement, and depending on their geographical advantages, the entire transport process has significantly reduced costs.
Guo Wen-Yung-hyun – the highway to sea conch cement. 1) Focused on the main business, cash became the king.
At the time of booming, the stacking of cement and price controls were lifted, and the profits of the company rose significantly. At other times, when the company was caught in the hot tide of new dance halls, department buildings, etc., Guo Wen San was able to streamline its management, focusing on 5,000 tons of production lines, tons of Japanese production lines, the first million tons of clinker production base, the first one.
The first set of technologies, such as cement kilns for disposal of municipal waste systems, provides a solid financial base, leading companies to be equipped with technology 5-10 years ahead of the world. 2) Attracting foreign investment is a first step. Fourteen years later, the market economy system established that the Government encouraged enterprises to obtain capital from capital markets.
Kim. When other state-owned enterprises were concerned about political risks, Guo Wen San pioneered the introduction of US$ 25 million in foreign investment for technological transformation, and in 1995 established a joint venture between China and China to take advantage of foreign investors in the State-owned cement industry. 3) Management is good, trade unions hold shares and perform well.
Wen San introduced the competition mechanism into the company itself, fully mobilizing corporate motivation through trade union ownership, and the company fell) corporate revenue rose from $1.1 billion to $60.8 billion, a 55-fold increase, and the net profit of the mother grew from the time of the High Toppings - conch cement was moving forward. In November 2015, he became a member of the conch group.
The Secretary, Chairman of the Board, and the Chairman of the Committee the following year. Compared to Kwok Wen-sang, he was more sensitive to policy movements than he was to the non-cement industry. During his working life, Hen-Snail earned $559.32/7531.1 million in 2016/2017, an increase of 9.72 per cent and 34.65 per cent.
Figure 7: Kwok Wen-v.s up on the list, Kwok Wen-hoon, up on the list.
1972.02-1980.06, Work of the Military Mall of the Ministry of Logistics of the Zhannan Military Region 1978.09 - 1982.08 Pedagogical studies in the manufacturing of mining machinery at the Huanan School of Mines; 1975.08 - 1978.10, Faculty of Building Materials, University of Unity
1982.08 - Secretary of the Committee of the Huaibei Mining Authority, 1995.02; 1980.07-1996.12. Member of the technical staff of the Ning Guo Cement Factory in Anhui Province, Chief of the Workshop, 1995.02.2002.12 Secretary of the Committee of the YCL, and Secretary of the Party Group;
Director, Vice-President, Director