China's Great Stone (600176.sh)h1 performance has increased by the same amount. It is concerned about the rebound in the price of bovine and the growth of the project. H1 performance has increased by the same amount. It is also concerned about the rebound in the price of bovine and the growth of the project. The “buy-in” rating is maintained, which yields $4.63 billion and the ring +3.38 per cent in a single quarter; the net return to the mother is 957 million yuan and the ring + 30.97 per cent;
We keep the "buy-in" rating on the company's fibres and electronics. Quite the price of the fibres increases, the demand for the electronic fabric market is expected to release 2025h1, and the company has been able to sell 158.22 million tons of corts and products, and the price of the fibres rises.
The average price of the electronic veil is about 8875 yuan per ton, or +11.08%. Companies insist on optimizing their structures, expanding their markets, strengthening production and marketing synergies, focusing on incremental markets, such as tp heated fibres, small number direct veils, etc., and improving their competitiveness. The new energy generation operation in Xiao An has been stable, with a net capacity of 284 million kWh;
The company's total electronics output is 960 million metres, and the 2025h1 electronics sales volume is 485 million metres, and electronics are mainly used in the electronics sector, and as industrial automation and the need for intelligence continue to increase, the development of the new artificial intelligence sector is expected to lead to the release of the demand for electronics.
• Construction of smart projects, continuous release of productive capacities, construction of smart projects: companies continue to promote the construction of a light-on-one zero-carbon-smart manufacturing base, small-on-one-carbon-smart manufacturing.
Ten thousand tons of electronic fibreglass zero carbon-smart production lines and 500 mw wind power development projects: continuous deepening, impact and demand improvement - company updates, word factory, future plant construction, and constant opening of a new path to brain-impact reduction.
Report 2025.7.14 The 2024q4 performance ring is significantly higher, with concern for the price of the bobble.
One hundred and twenty thousand tons of glass-fibre-cooled fuses per year, 180,000 tons of capacity after cold-reflection.
Pre-emptive advantage - company first-time coverage report