Events: Chinese Giant Stone published its semi-annual report in 2025. 2025h1 company realized operating income of $9.109 billion, and China Stone (600176.sh)
In the first half of 2025, there was an increase in demand in the area of downstream applications and an increase in sales of company fibres, especially high-end markets such as wind and wind power.
There has been a marked increase in the equivalent sales in the auto hot-plastic market, with a further improvement in the structure of the company’s products and a sustained increase in the share of high-end products. 2025h1 achieved 15,822,000 tons in sales of bras and products, an increase of 3.95 per cent over the same period; electricity sub-stores, a growth of 485 million metres, an increase of 5.90 per cent over the same period. At the same time, companies continued to implement firm prices, prices, and prices in the first half of the year.
The marketing strategy of re-prices, price-fixing, as the leading industry in the country, has led to healthy price growth in the industry. According to Treblinker data, 2025h1 large-scale companies in the country entangled 2400tex and electronic veils, with prices rising and product structure optimized, have seen significant growth in corporate business earnings in the first half of the year, with a significant Māori rate.
Improvements: 2025h1 achieved operating income of $9.109 billion, compared with +17.70 per cent, and sales of Māori 32.31 per cent, compared with +10.71pt. In addition, the company ' s overseas market was robust in the first half of the year, with giant rock America losing profits of $429 million and a net profit of $18.0.6 million.
In addition, the net cash flow generated by the operation of the company is 1.44 billion yuan.
The company ' s operating cash flow has improved significantly, mainly as a result of the increase in cash and bank coupons due to sales of commodities in the first half of the year. Project construction has continued, and companies have implemented their first medium-term dividends.
During the first half of the year, the Kishiji River manufacturing base produced 200,000 tons of fibreglass per year, and the production line was completed ahead of schedule.
With the upgrading of production capacity to 200,000 tons, the giant rock-free zero-carbon smart manufacturing base produces 100,000 tons of electronics a year, and the Chinese rock-rich fibre production line is officially operational. The company’s coarse and electronic-clothing capacity continues to grow, with its advantages and dragons.
In addition, the company issued its medium-term profit distribution program for 2025, which is intended for the first time to deliver a medium-term bonus to all its shareholders, with a positive return to investors, and an indication of the firm’s confidence in its future development. Investment advice: high-end markets are promising, as the company’s product structure continues to optimize and its capacity continues to grow.
Releases, gradual gains in size, continued consolidation of the vanguard position, and good prospects for corporate development. Companies are expected to report on the company's "Galactic Building Materials" _ China's Great Stone (600176.sh): full-scale price-led profit recovery, year-round performance
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.