Mid-2025: The single-season profits continued to rise, the compound prices and the q2 profit margins increased further, reflecting structural recovery effects. (1) The company’s q2-month operations slowed down the margins. But in the first half of the year, the company as a whole achieved sales of the corts and products of 1.58 million.
Tons, equal to +4%, reflect overall good production and sales under the company’s output profile and product structure, especially in the upper-lying areas with lower downstream breakdowns such as wind power, thermal plastics, etc. 485 million metres in the first half of the year, compared to 6% in the previous period. (2) q2 Q1+3.4% Māori Q2 Q1 + 3.4% Q2 Q1 + 3.0%
The unit of Māori Ringo1 continues to move up, especially the wind veil, the new price landings of electronic cloth, and the better price resilience of other medium- and high-end products. (3) The net interest rate on non-post sales is 20.7 per cent, the cost-end controls are good and the asset-liability ratio continues to decline. (1) The cost rate for the company during the first half of the year is constant.
9.0 per cent, corresponding to 1.3 pct, owing mainly to the efficiency of total cost control and the rapid increase in revenue Half-year asset disposal gains of $257 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the disposal of precious metals during the same period last year The stock turnover at the end of the second quarter of the Division was 117 days, a decrease of 1 day from the end of the first quarter, reflected in industry.
The most significant phase of the additional supply pressure has passed, the medium-term turquoise landscape is supported, and the prices of electronic fabrics are expected to be evaluated: withholding non-profits is rising on a seasonal basis, and the advantage of the head is rising further. (1) Production lines that have delayed the start of fires in the industry since the first quarter of the year have been put into operation.
The stage of export demand in the super-tariff war has been hit, industrial stocks have accumulated, prices of crude low-end products have been relaxed, and prices of medium- and high-end products have been largely stable. We believe that the biggest phase of supply shocks in the medium-term has passed, downstream demand is resilient, and the landscape is expected to remain stable and stable.
China Stone (600176): 2024 Annual Reporter (2) Submarine viewing of the electronic sheet has increased, while industry profits remain low and supply has been limited.
They believe that supply or tightening is expected to drive further price recovery, and that firms are expected to build a new growth point by promoting low-cost, low-inflated products.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: new supply pressures in the fibre-optic industry are gradually absorbed, and coarse prices are supported.
The price of electronics, driven by the downwind, is expected to recover further, and the firm’s downturn is consolidated, and the profitability is expected to recover, and the shareholder’s return is expected to rise further, and the valuation is expected to continue to repair. Based on the digestion of supply pressures in the industry, we turn the firm upwards.
The three major financial forecasting tables for China's Great Stones have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.