China's Great Stone is the world's leader in the bobble industry, and the company's cost is excellent.
The net return to the mother was 1.687 billion yuan, an increase of 75.51 per cent in the same year; the net profit from the deduction of the non-repatriation to the mother was 1.701 billion yuan, which was prominent, high-yielding, optimized product structure and capacity growth of 170.74 per cent compared with the increase in the output to 0.42 per cent.
The first half of a company’s business earnings and profits continued to grow at a high rate, mainly in terms of product sales and prices on average. The company’s revenues and profits continued to grow at a higher rate in the first half of the year.
The sale of fibre-clothing and products was 15,822 tons, an increase of 3.95 per cent over the same period; the sale of electronics was 485 million metres, and prices remained volatile, but they remained at a certain level. In the case of the 2400tex product, the decrease was mainly due to increased demand in downstream applications, particularly wind power and thermal plastics.
There are also areas such as new energy vehicles and new storage energy. Strong national support for the new energy industry and increased penetration of fibre optics are driving the release of new demand in the industry, with the national wind and power installed in the first half of 2025.
The volume is 53,67 million kilowatts, a significant increase of 23,77 million kilowatts in comparison to the previous year. At a point, the ring is 1.49 percentage points higher than in a quarter.
Product optimization and offshore bases enhance corporate risk-prevention capabilities by expanding new production bases in Egypt and the United States, reducing the impact of the United States and the European Union on domestic production bases in China, increasing tariffs and anti-dumping duties. At the same time, firms enhance their risk-prevention capabilities through technology.
The continuous upgrading of single-line production, the new production lines of Jiang Xixiangjiang and Jiang Suhuayan are high-performance products, including the company's active construction of new 100,000 tons of electronic veiled intelligence production lines, the efficiency of the company's production lines and the continued optimization of its product structure, which further enhances the company's size and cost advantages.
S14801207003 benefits from the new development space created by changes in downstream demand structures.
In the lead, in a risk-resilient environment, companies are able to optimize their adjustment, benefit from new demands, provide new development space, and maintain their “highly recommended” ratings.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, China's Great Stone (600176.sh): New demand is driving the profit base to improve continuously, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, China's Great Stone (600176.sh): New demand is driving the profit base to improve continuously, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East.
More than 16 years of research experience in Zhao, combined with a framework for research covering construction materials and new non-metal materials. The financial community has learned from the best researchers in the voucher industry. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related. The source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East, China's Great Stone (600176.sh): New demand increases drive the profit base to improve continuously.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.