Construction materials in China's Great Stone (600176) have continued the trend towards a return of dividends to shareholders in the Southwest Securities Institute.
(a) Events: the company published its semi-annual report for 2025, in which it achieved gross operating income of $9.109 billion, improved supply and demand in the same sector and increased the value of the company's volume. 1) Industry level: supply-side, sustained production-management and product-structure optimization by industry cadres since last year, gradually emerging from the “intra-roll” vicious vortex of competition;
On the demand side, the demand for the main downstream applications of fibre optics has increased, and sales of panels, such as wind power and thermal plastics, have increased significantly. Supply and demand structures have improved, and prices of fibre optic products have gradually moved out of the bottom of the cycle, and so have increased.
In addition, the company has made an orderly push to build its production bases, laying the foundation for firm growth in efficiency gains and sales. The Māori rate has improved significantly, with the combined cost rate falling. 1) Benefiting from multi-wheel price increases in the industry, the price of the product sold has stagnated.
The bottom up, with the company ' s Māori rate rising by 10.71 percentage points to 32.21 per cent in the same year. 2) Benefited from the impact of scale and lower efficiency gains, with sales rates falling by 0.05 percentage points in the same year; management costs decreased by 0.79 percentage points in the same year. 3) Combined costs decreased by 1.29 percentage points, and net sales rates increased by 6.54 per cent in the same year.
The combination of advantages is prominent, the trend of improvement is continuing. Companies have strong advantages in size, significant cost advantages, more competitive technologies, continued optimization of product structure, and growing integrated competitiveness.
Industry, which is at the top of the world in a number of product breakdown areas, is extremely large in size and cost advantage and continues to drive a high-end transformation of products. 2) Companies are highly focused on innovative research and development, with 100 per cent autonomous core intellectual property rights in key technologies and packages such as mega-pool kilns, high-performance glass formulations, leachate formulations: current companies
1. China ' s Great Stone (600176): Multiple rounds of price hikes have been shown, and the current price of fibre sales is warming, with a recovery in downstream demand, which strongly supports the recovery of sales prices.
The company has benefited significantly as a leader in the industry as a result of the increase in volume prices (2025-04-24). 3. China ' s Great Stone (600176).
The industry’s multiple rounds of price increases, and the trend toward a steady recovery of prices, continue, looking at firm performance elasticity and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the reasons, not for the reasons, or for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.