On August 28, 2025, the Chinese Great Stone published its semi-annual report for 2025:
In the first half of 2025, demand continued to grow, particularly in high-end markets such as wind power, hot-plastic markets, leading to higher prices and higher profitability.
Looking ahead, the rapid growth of new and emerging industries, such as wind power, new energy vehicles and ai, is expected to lead to a sustained increase in demand for high-end fibre-optic products, which is expected to boost the profitability of the industry, increase the proportion of high-end products, and contribute positively to globalization.
The proportion of high-end products continues to rise in the interest of structural opportunities for significant growth, optimizing the restructuring of markets, distribution structures, production structures, layout structures. In the first half of 2025, the Kishi River manufacturing base produced 200,000 tons of fibreglass per year of wiring.
The production of 100,000 tons of electronic fibre-glass production line per year at the Great Stone Light Zero Carbon Intelligent Manufacturing Base.
The company has taken advantage of the global layout and is actively planning a new overseas layout, and now it has a well-established global marketing network, with such overseas sales companies as the United States, France, Spain, Japan, and the Republic of Korea, which sell their products from North America, the Middle East and Europe.
More than 100 countries and regions in the continent, South-East Asia, Africa, etc., have managed to achieve differential competitiveness through their layout, raise corporate market shares, and earn client confidence. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the company’s fibre-optic capacity is the world’s number one, with a high size.
In the first half of 2025, the company benefited from a rise in the price of fibre-optic products.
Increased competition in the \triangleright industry; adverse effects of tariff policies; and significant changes in the prices of raw materials.
I am not interested in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended. I am not interested in this report.