Midea
China
HOLD
Annual Investor Day Takeaways
Consensus ratings*:
We maintain our TP of 48 and HOLD rating on Midea
Current price:
Rmb50.8
Midea's annual investor conference was, as usual, well attended,
Target price:
Rmb48.0
with over 400 attendees. The major takeaways are:
Previous target:
Rmb46.0
Up/downside:
-5.4%
Margins likely to remain stable
CGS-CIMB / Consensus:
Midea's gross margin expanded by 2.4ppt YoY in 1Q19, half of which came from forex
Reuters:
translation gains and half of which came from lower raw material prices. Domestic market
gross margin increased less than 1%, suggesting its upgrade strategy has yet to yield
Bloomberg:
000333 CH
meaningful results. Without meaningful margin improvement, Midea's earnings growth in
US$49,389m
Market cap:
2019-2020E earnings growth remain lackluster.
Rmb334,531m
US$265.6m
Average daily turnover:
New brands
Rmb1,785m
In October 2018, Midea added the COLMO brand to its higher end product portfolio,
6,605m
Current shares o/s:
joining Beverly, Toshiba and Little Swan. In April 2019, Midea launched lower end BUGU
41.0%
Free float:
brand to tap into lower end market, and solidify their younger customer base. However,
we estimate limited earnings impact in 2-3 years, as Midea's new premium brand will
likely need time to gain market traction (i.e. Haier Casarte).
No major M&A indicated in the foreseeable future
Although Midea held ~RMB 98Bn cash as of year-end 2018 (RMB 28Bn cash + RMB
70Bn Structured Products), Midea is not looking to take on any major acquisitions within
the next 2-3 years. Management is focused on managing its recent KUKA and Toshiba
acquisitions and remains cautious about taking on new ventures. Midea earns an
estimated ~4% return on its structured deposits.
Maintain HOLD until near term catalysts emerge
We still like Midea's long term consumption upgrade story. However, in absence of any
near term catalyst, we retain our TP and Hold rating.
Analysts
Jeffrey Dorr
An Zhang, CPA
Johnson Cheung
Durable Products | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of interest
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.