Security for advance companies, large-scale safety ecology 3600 (601360.sh) – leading domestic Internet and security service providers, with first-time coverage of “buy-in” ratings
As the leading domestic Internet and security service provider, companies are expected to develop rapidly. We predict that the public sector is comparable to the average of companies, covering the first time, giving a "buy-in" rating.
Founded in 2005, the company has grown deep in the field of cybersecurity, and has produced safety products like 360 security guards, 360 handguards, 360 safety browsers, etc. After returning to a share market in 2018, the company built a distributed smart security system, the “360 safe brain”, which built the overall defence of the great security age.
In September 2019, companies released 3.0 to create a large-scale safe ecology. In August 2020, 360 built a new framework of cyber-security capabilities to deal with the new threats of cyber-security, based on its own experience and accumulation over more than a decade of experience in the field of cybersecurity.
The company has the most powerful White Hat Corps in the eastern hemisphere, and it is the most popular department in the world that discovers loopholes and apts. Security experts play a decisive role in discovering high-level cyber threats, and companies form 14 research teams.
With over 200 security elites and over 3,800 security specialist teams, Asia and the Pacific is the largest centre for security-wide innovation, with world-class loopholes and anti-attack capabilities. The business community is fully operational, and is expected to become the growth pole of the new strategy.
So far, the company has worked with 90% of central ministries, 72% of central companies, 95% of large financial institutions, and millions of small and medium-sized enterprises on cybersecurity. Since 2019, 360 government and corporate security groups have been working together to build and operate safe infrastructure in cities like Chongqing, Tianjin, Qingdao, crane wall, Suzhou, etc.
One, thirty-six: The leading Internet and security service provider in the country was founded in 2005 and is deeply involved in cybersecurity, with 360 safety guards, 360 machine guards, 360 safety browsers, and so on. After returning to the stock market in 2018, the company created a distribution.
In September 2019, the company released its policy security 3.0 to construct a large safe ecology. In August 2020, 360, based on its own experience and accumulation in the area of cybersecurity for more than a decade, was risk-oriented and focused on the "360 safe brain" and the "360 safe brain"
The security infrastructure, which is the bottom of the building, is based on the operational elements of a new-era framework of cybersecurity capabilities to respond to new threats to the network, operating with the law on security operations, the operational testing mechanism, the standards of security interoperability and the security expertise team. The 360 Enterprise Security Group has been officially upgraded to the 360 State Enterprise Security Group.
As the founder of the company, Mr. Zhou graduated from Xian Transport University and served as President of Yahoo China and Chairman of Qihu 360 in 2006.
Member of the Board, Executive Member of the twelfth session of the Executive Committee of the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and also President of the National Engineering Laboratory for Big Data and Security Technologies and Vice-President of the China Cyberspace Safety Association, among others, with four main lines of operation: Internet advertising and services, Internet value-added services, iot smart hardware
Internet advertising and services are the main ways for companies to realize the commercialization of content. Companies take advantage of technology, create large data analysis systems, learn about user habits, user preferences, etc., and build user image systems.
Through continuous data accumulation, users’ behavior is well understood and accurate recommendations are made for user needs, preferences, and applications. Advanced technology, such as a company’s advanced intelligent referral system, and well-designed advertising slots have enabled users to gain access to core products such as “360 search engines”, “360 navigation”, and “360 browsers”
Business information of interest. The company's commercial brand is currently officially upgraded to “360 smart business” from marketing promotion platform to full-scale smart business service platform. In 2021, 360 searches were carried out for smart talent products -- a searcher is officially on the line.
The Internet value-added service is another important direction for the commercialization of corporate content. 360 games are a comprehensive game resource platform that combines game development, operation, extension and service, and has operations that include page tours, end-to-end trips, and movement.
The ability of end-of-line games, single-camera games and other full-text Internet games has resulted in mobile game distribution platforms with 360 cellular assistants, 360 games halls, etc., operating mobile game distribution platforms with wan360.cn, 2021 companies adapting their business strategies in response to market changes in a timely manner and continuing to move forward with the integration of “joint transport + distribution”
The company’s smart hardware products include a number of more sophisticated hardware types, such as car safety, firewall routers, children’s products, home security, and intellectual life.
Since then, in addition to the mainstream channels such as Skycat, Kyundong, Doodo, and others, the company has expanded its sales channels to three major operators, as well as its strategic cooperation channels such as Hua's eco-selection. At the same time, the development of channels and channels on the company's overseas market has been well under way, with a greater focus on overseas sales, post-sales and logistics teams.
Corporate security and other operations include government and urban safety, technical services, hosting services, cloud/crowd services, etc. With sustained investment in cybersecurity and the accumulated number of years of leading security technologies, there are 3600.
Security commercialization capacity has gradually been demonstrated. 1.1 In recent years, corporate operating income and net profit deductions have remained stable at $2.98 billion (including taxes), a matter that has had a greater impact on current non-recurring gains and losses; on the other hand, it has been affected by the new crown.
The services sector, security and other business income as a percentage of total income, rising gradually to 6.96 per cent in 2020. Figure 8: Security and other business as a share of income has risen rapidly (in billions of yuan)
The overall cost rate has declined since 2018. Among these, R & D rates have slightly increased, sales, and management rates have decreased to varying degrees.
The company owns the most powerful White Hat Corps in the eastern hemisphere, the world’s most exposed public department. Security experts are decisive in discovering high-level cyber threats. The company has 14 research teams, security teams with over 200 elites and over 3,800 security specialist teams, and is the biggest security innovation in Asia and the Pacific.
In addition, the company has a “national team” of cyber-security, building leading laboratories in a number of countries, representing the security technologies at the forefront of the Chinese cyber-security industry. The company has the most up-to-date security data in the world.
, the largest survival site library and the most comprehensive global domain name repository. Currently 360 security big data storage is over 2eb, with an additional 1.5pb/day and 210 data centres with over 200,000 servers, cpu 1 million nuclears, export bandwidth of 23 million g, daily processing of 200 billion logs and annual maintenance costs
Figure 11: Companies have the most up-to-date security data in the world, the largest, the largest.
Program file sample library Global Domain Names Library dns requesting an exaggeration
Safe client Safe client 100,000 + server/100 + machine room 2eb/million-dollar security big data
Thanks to a rich pool of cutting-edge talent, companies have the world’s top-notch capacity to dig for holes. In Google’s bad list, the company’s two-year gap between 2016 and 2017 was the world’s first. In Microsoft Top 100 in 2018.
In the 2020 "thepwnieawards" campaign, 360 research and development teams succeeded in winning the three nominations for "historical achievement", "the best power gap" and "the best customer gap".
Figure 12: 13 out of 360 out of Microsoft Top 100 security contributions in 2018.
The company has been working on the construction of the top security institute, which has built eight major institutes, each of which is dedicated to different areas of cybersecurity, focusing on cutting-edge research on cybersecurity.2 The industry development environment continues to be favourable, and the scale of the net security market is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
2.1. The number of Internet users in the country is growing rapidly as the Internet threat continues to grow and the demand for security is increasing. According to the 45th Statistical Report on the Development of the Internet in China, as of December 2020, the size of the country ' s Internet population stood at 989 million, with an Internet penetration rate of 70.4 per cent.
We have 986 million cellular Internet users, 99.7 per cent of Internet users, 70.17 per cent of mobile Internet users, and a trend towards digitalization and mobileization as Internet users. Cyber security faces new threats and challenges.
According to the national report on Internet security, the country's Internet security authorities have changed, with the number of malicious programs captured on mobile Internet terminals rising faster and the number of Internet loopholes increasing more rapidly. In addition, the ddos attacks have shown high frequency, and the apt attacks have gradually infiltrated important industries.
The number of sexual and high-risk zero-day loopholes, and the frequency of large-scale data leaks, has placed higher demands on cybersecurity. At the same time, the surge in telecollaborative heat and the proliferation of new applications of new technologies have given rise to new cyber-security threats that continue to grow, and cyber-attacks and cyber-crimes of various kinds have become more prevalent.
The Internet threat is characterized by trends in the professionalization of assault tools, the commercialization of purposes, the organization of behaviour, and the diversification of means. According to the Statistical Report on the Development of the Internet in China and the Review of the Security Situation on the Internet, nearly half of the country ' s Internet population in 2020h2 suffered personal information leaks, cyber fraud, viruses and wooden horses, and account numbers.
Cybersecurity threats, such as code theft, and the number of cyber-security incidents in the country continued to rise year after year in 2012-2019. This is a growing threat to both individuals and businesses, and the potential for cybersecurity is illustrated in figure 18: 2020h2 half of all cyber-security incidents.
Figure 19: Increased number of cyber-security incidents in the country, 2012-2019 2.2. Industrial policy benefits sustained release, promoting the development of the cyber-security industry, along with the implementation of compliance policies such as the landing of the Cyber-security Act and the guarantee of 2.0.
The development of a domestic cyber-security industry, including policies, and increased compliance requirements for the security of government, business, etc., will lead to government and business investment in cybersecurity. To continuously enhance the network security protection capabilities of critical information infrastructure systems, cyber-security training exercises will be conducted.
Since 2016, the number of units involved in the campaign has increased from year to year, and the means of attack have varied from year to year. In 2021, the coverage and implementation of the campaign are expected to increase further.
Figure 20: The essence of cybersecurity is the fight against capabilities at both ends, and the reality of the fight is the ultimate test of cybersecurity. 2.3. In the midst of the new capital wave, security and informatization are expected to move towards “synchronous planning, simultaneous building”, accompanied by the national sounding of the “new infrastructure” policy horn, the risks and challenges of cybersecurity arise.
Risk extends from the original virtual space to the physical world. This also means that the construction of network security needs to be “synchronous design, simultaneous construction, simultaneous operation” of new infrastructure projects, and that network security products and services need to extend from traditional areas of cybersecurity to cloud, big data, physical networking, industrial control, 5g and mobile Internet.
Application scenes. Based on the application landscape of safe products and services, protection targets and safety capabilities, the country ' s cybersecurity products and services cover several dimensions of basic safety, basic technology, safety systems, and security services, but the whole product system of cybersecurity still needs to be developed and industrial viability strengthened.
In the industrial chain, the country’s overall development of cybersecurity products and services is solid and technologically relatively complete. In the downstream, party forces and business users are the main consumers of cybersecurity products and services.
New capital projects are more widely used, generating demand from downstream customers for large data, material networking, industrial control, 5g, and mobile Internet, among other emerging security areas. New infrastructure development is expected to be a powerful boost to the network. We have a vast market space for cybersecurity.
The model will reach $9.78 billion and is expected to grow to $18.79 billion in 2025, with a five-year capr of about 17.9 per cent, continuing to lead the world at a sustained rate. In 2021, security hardware will continue to play a leading role in China ' s overall network security spending, accounting for about 47.8 per cent; and the security software market will grow strongly, reaching 21.2 per cent in five years.
The company has fully launched a 3.0-year era of public security and has done well. The company is now working on cybersecurity with 90% of central ministries, 72% of central companies, 95% of large financial institutions, and millions of small and medium-sized enterprises.
Since then, 360 political and business security groups have been working together to build and operate safe infrastructure in cities such as Chongqing, Tianjin, Qingdao, crane wall, Suzhou, and Chengzhou, setting up a landmark national security service model. 3.1. Government and enterprise operations have been fully launched and are expected to become a new strategic growth pole.
Based on the Great Security strategy, the company builds a system of security capabilities with a secure brain at its core. Because of traditional security, building a digital world that is unable to cope with the future, and in order to respond to the threats and challenges of greater security, and based on the knowledge and data of systemic offensives generated by long-term high-level corporate threats and counter-practices, the company has served the community and the community for the past 16 years.
The unique security capabilities developed by firms and service nations, including cloud safety brain, cloud infrastructure and cloud, have transformed public services into a safety capability system for urban industries and businesses with a safety brain at its core. 360 safety brain is the most central part of a company’s safety capability system. 360 local safety brain is based on
The new generation of information technologies, such as cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, localizes a system of open security intelligence analysis, development, early warning, and enabling systems in the Department of Cloud Security Core Capability. The essence of a local safe brain is to connect security devices, bring together security data, build an intelligent analysis platform for security knowledge, accept cloud power, and achieve it.
Accompanied safety experts operate efficiently by integrating safety knowledge across the landscape, core technology across the warehouse, and security data across the city. In addition to the local safety brain, 360 is equipped with a safety infrastructure to support its efficient operation.
The full-service infrastructure, as a platform for coordinated command of human aircraft, is based on a one-stop panorama security above a secure brain, operating a platform that receives security brain knowledge and analysis alerts up, connects the client environment down through a standard interface, completes the closed circuit of safety events, and provides security operators with visual interaction, monitoring, analysis, and security.
To develop, respond to, manage the interfaces, achieve continuous safety and security in peacetime, deal with high-level threats in times of war, join forces in peace, and open connectivity for visualization, automation, intelligent safe operations.
The four main advantages of a locally safe brain are full-sighted cognitive ability, machine learning ability, global co-optural capacity, and knowledge evolution capability. (1) Full-sighted cognitive ability. The integration of multi-source isomeral data through a set of standards of data access.
Breaking down data silos, processing super-scale security data in real time, and having a single multi-dimensional neuron matrix based on combat and designed at the top of the industry, precise data collection, balancing performance with effectiveness. (2) Machine learning.
Parsing engines, linking super-large-scale security data, looking at complex hidden attack patterns from which to discover unknown threats, rather than simply collision matches based on characteristic-value rules and intelligence. Security personnel have difficulty identifying real threats from single-point alerts.
According to the global analysis, the full cognitive precision test provides the best analysis of the whole spectrum beyond local sub-optimal decision-making. (4) Knowledge evolution capabilities. Traditional safety devices, because of their varying standards of independence, depend on manual collation by security personnel, cannot accumulate. Local safe brain systems, knowledge accumulation, sedimentation, and netting.
Since June 2019, several city security projects have been launched, and strategies have been signed with the cities of Chongqing, Tianjin, Qingdao, Shanghai, Chengzhou, Tsukwan, Suzhou, Changsha, etc.
The cooperation agreement, the expanding urban safety map, provides an example of a landmark urban-level safety service.
Under the “Great Security” concept, companies cooperate in security with universities, colleges, and universities. 2020 was a crucial year in the era of company entry to power, safe 3.0, with strategic collaboration with universities, colleges, businesses, etc., around smart cities, cloud computing, industrial Internet, car networking, car safety, Internet infrastructure, 5gAm.
In-depth studies and forward-looking layouts are carried out in areas such as the whole, block chain, letter-making, etc. Table 6: Close security cooperation between companies and governments, universities, research institutes, Ltd., Guangdong Yuzhmorgeologiya
The company collaborates on a multi-regional production and research project through the Safe Brain Project. With the start of the self-celebrating safety brain, the company works extensively with Chongqing’s units, universities, and businesses.
The company plans to assist the authorities in building a “national cyber-security brain”, building the country’s most important instrument, and safeguarding the national security of cyberspace by strengthening its own network-related and urban-related industrial chain.
In December 2018, Chihu, a subsidiary of the company, spent $124 million on the Mountain Stone Networks, with a 4 per cent share ratio. In September 2019, the Mountain Networks successfully marketed in the City of Chihu Science and Technology, which accounted for its total share.
3%. From November 2020 to December 2020, the company’s subsidiary, Hung Tseng Sint, acquired a total of 12.6 million shares in the Mountain Net Unit through bulk trading and centralized bidding, accounting for about 6.99% of the total stock of the Mountain Stone Network Unit.
Technology innovation leaders in the cybersecurity industry, focusing on cutting-edge technological innovations in the area of cybersecurity, provide cybersecurity products and services that encompass border security, cloud computing security, data security, Intranet security. (2) In July 2019, the company invested in the technology of Hanth.
Early advocates and promoters are the top 500 Internet security companies around the world and the top 50 Internet security companies in China. Companies have made strategic investments, secure data blocks, and future ecological integration, accelerating their capacity for government and business users. (3) In October 2021, companies are planning to invest $2.9 billion in cars with their own capital.
When the capital is fully completed, the company will hold 16.594% of the stock in which the car will be the second largest. The company intends to use smart network car safety as the cornerstone for enabling its own accumulated and experience in areas such as network security, smart hardware security, network safety, and so on, and will rely on further, in-depth strategic cooperation between the two sides.
In the future, the 30-60 project will work with other strategic partners in each of their core strengths in the areas of car safety, smart driving, and smart cabins.
Work product grinding upgrades to combine OTA information security, data security, functionality security, operating safety, building smart network car safety solutions throughout the life cycle of the industry in the intelligentization process.
There has been a steady drop in stability; (b) value-added operations on the Internet have remained relatively stable as the number of games has gradually been liberalized and companies have become more active in the direction of page and end-to-end tourism. (c) Smart hardware operations are expected to grow steadily as new products are rolled out and channels are expanded. (iv) corporate corporate security operations have expanded rapidly and will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years.
Core assumption 2: Corporate investment in technology areas such as cybersecurity, big data, artificial intelligence, etc., continues to grow and research and development costs are expected to grow rapidly. Core assumption 3: Corporate overall sales costs and management as scale effects and business synergies are demonstrated
The company, as the leading Internet and security service provider in the country, is expected to develop rapidly. We predict that the public will choose the four leading domestic Internet security manufacturers: entourage, message, starlight, and Green League technology.
For comparable companies, the current share price corresponds to 55.3, 28.2 and 23.7 times the price for 2021-2023, and the average for the industry is lower than the average for comparable companies, with the first “buy-in” rating being covered. (1) The impact of the epidemic on the company's operations.
(2) Political and business security operations have not expanded as expected.