Crrc-a chiina consensions*:
I'm sorry, crrcleasedits 1h19resourcesandhostedaultsconferencecollamket close 29august2019.
"Targetprice: totalrevenuein1h19rose11.4% yoy, wherenetproducingrew16.2% yoy.thegroveth previoustarget:
I mean, it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time since it's been a long time since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time since it's been a long time, since it's been a long time since it's a long time since it's been a long since it's a long time since it's been a long time since it's been a long time since it's been a long since it's been a long since it's been a long time since it's been a long since it's been a long since it's a long since it's been a long since it's been a long since it's a long since it's been a long since it's been a long since it's a day've had a long since it' day's been a long since we've seen've seen' day' day've seen, since we've had a day've had a day've had a day' day' day've had an ' day've had an' day's day's day' day've had a day've seen've seen's un's un've had an've had a day've seen've seen've seen' day' day' day've seen' day
cgs-cimb/consensus: earlysforthecompanyin 2019–202020.wecutourtargate(tp)nly reuters:
.wethinkthecurrentcrrc-avaluationis bloomberg: unjustifiedbyitsdouble-digiearningsgrovethpotential.wereinterateuraddrating
We've got $28,001 maretcap: onthestock.
Solid1h19resources averagedailyturnover: 11.4% yoyin1h19 with grownthseenmainlyinitscolrailwayand
urbandransitvehiclesegments(fig1). itcorelwaybusiness (56% oftotalrevenuein crrentshareso/s: 1h19) hadrevenuegrof20.3% yoyvs.11.5% yoygrothin2018.thiswasled
Freefloat: mainlyledbythelocomotive, passengercarriegeandmusements.itsurbandransit vehiclebusinschgroverstalsoaccelerated 37.7% yoyin1h19vs. 3.6% yoygrothin
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
1h19. The Gross profitmargincontractedby 0.8 pptyoyto 22.5%in 1h19duechangesinthetevenuemix.butsg&acossapercentageofasalesfell from 15.5%in1h18to14.7%in1h19toeffefectivecostrol.withthedecreasein
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it.
I mean, it's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
It's 1.19; it's 1 19; it's 1 19; it's asbaralymade priceperformance anytendersonmuscytd.butmanageexpecttowinnewtenersomus.
Weexpectitsrevenuegrrowthin2h19tobedrivenbyits mü, passengercarryage, freightwagonandurbandransitvehanglements.weexpectits
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know, six. Weexpectitstrosprofitmarginoromeintablein2019 - 2020, Gevenaninoving 2020, ledbycostcontroltromitscontinousbusinessstreamlining.
It's 12.20 to rmb11.0.0. ourtpisbasedonourcrc-hsharevalificationandthehistoriala/h premium(disaccount).
I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Kellyzou Wongchiman bythenumbers ♪
We're not going to be able to do this, we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we's going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(hongkong)co., Limited ("galaxyinternationalscirities") and/oritsgroupcompaniestoanyregistrationorificationwith insuchjurisdiction. thisreport (includinganyforformationatchesatched)issuedbygalaxyinternationalscirities, oneofthesubsidiaresofthechinagalalaxyinternationalinternational calendarslimited,totheentitutionsffromedtheinformationsoursourcesbelievedtobereliable,butnorepreprepresentationorationoraritty (expresslyorimactive)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, therevantparties whereby disclaimanoftheirlibilitiesarisingfromtheinacuracy, incorrectnessancompletesofthisreportportanditsattachment/sand/or anyactionorororalmissionmadeinrelancementotherof.accompetently, that isreportmustbereadinconjunctionwiththisdisclaimer.disclosloslosofinterests
chinagalaxysecuritiesco., ltd. (6881.hk; 60181.ch) Isthedirectand/orindirectordingcompanof thegroupofgroupsunderachalaxyinternational financialholdslimited.chinagalaxy internationalmayfincienseinterestsintellationtothesubjectedcompany(ies)'securitiesinsepectofofchare reviewedinthisreport, and suchinterestsaggregratetomountmaqualtoorlesthan1%ofthesubcoveredcompanies(ies)
I don't know what you're talking about, otherwise. oneormoredirectors, officersand/oremployeesofnagalaxyinternationalmaybeadirestororofficerofthesecuritiesofthecompanies
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, functionofgalaxyinternational secreties and procuresareinplacementtoensuretconfidentialinforformation_eldby eitherothersesearchchorinvesbanking functionanddeledapprelately.
Thealysphisprimarilyresponsibleforthecontentofthisreport, inholeorinpart, certifiesthatthectrespact to the securities orissercercoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedacturatelyreflectorherpersonsionsoutthesubject, securitiesorisserisser; and (2) nopartofofhisorpensationwas, is, or willbe,directordirectly, relatedtoessespublicviewsexpressed by theanalytestinstitsreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecuritiesandfutures committee) (1), havedealtinortradedinthesecuritiescoveredhisresearchresearchresearchresearchrechtofoflifereport)
Wearetransferringthementmechanismfrom"buy, sell, old"add, reduce, old" .pleaserefertothedfeinificationsbelow. explanadonequittings (existingmechanism (willbereplacedby01/09/19))
I'd like to say that you're not the only one in the world who's got it, but you're the only one who's got it, and you're the one who's got it, and you're the one who's got it, and you're the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.