The net profit returns to double-digit growth, with significant efficiency gains. Business income returns to double-digit growth, with rapid growth in hand orders. In the first half of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $96,147 million, of which $53,882 million was earned by railway equipment operations.
This represents an increase of 37.67 per cent in the same year; a decline of 0.54 per cent in revenue from new industries of $20.885 billion in the same year; and a decline of 52.79 per cent in revenues from modern services of $3.56 billion in the same year.
The revenue is $30,302 million and $7,483 million for truck operations. In addition, the urban track and urban base is $13.2 billion, of which $11.8 billion has been signed overseas, and companies are fast-tracking up to the end of June, laying a solid foundation for sustained higher growth in corporate performance.
Since the second half of 2018, revenue from city track operations has increased rapidly. China’s China Central (601766) operational structure has been very good.
Only 6278 tenders are being tendered, more than 8,000 are expected to be tendered for subway vehicles in 2019, and China Chinese (601766) will be signed by the end of the year in 2020.
With the merger of the company’s urban track with the subway, the scale effect is 40 billion orders, and the mid-car’s perfect closing in 2018 is becoming apparent. The company’s urban track and capital operations are currently on hand for approximately $162 billion.
In the first half of the year, no motor bidding was conducted, only for power-intensive motors, with the expected increase in performance as a result of the incremental bidding. The demand for motors is expected to be concentrated in the fourth quarter.
The number of semi-annual motors is expected to reach 200. The market generally expects the number of motor vehicles to be more than 800 in 2019, and currently, according to the bidding plan, the number of motor vehicles to be invited after taking into account the number of tenders on the Monhua Railway may be only 750 for the entire year, or not as expected in the market.
The demand for locomotives, derived from the country’s three-year railway freight development plan, has not yet been met, so the number of tenders for locomotives in 2020 is expected to be higher than expected.
The net profit doubles back to double-digit growth, the net profit doubles back to double-digit growth, the net profit doubles back to double-digit growth, the benefits of the net efficiency gains are significant, industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related plates.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of industrial work experience, previous work in engineering machinery and automobiles, production techniques, markets, and strategies. The Center, which joined the Pacific Securities in September 2017, was good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange to study industrial fluctuations and seek certainty, and was a member of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.