Rapid growth of railway equipment and urban track operations
Liu Lanjing, Van think about our analysis and judgment.
The growth of the core main business has been steady, and the city track business has accelerated. The 2019h1 company has achieved a gain of 20.3 per cent, or 56.0 per cent. The increase in railway equipment is mainly due to the U.P. Reed.
In the first half of the year, motorists, buses, locomotives and trucks earned $30,302 million (yoy+21.5 per cent) and $5,833 million, respectively, to boost speed, and company-owned urban track vehicles and lump sum business revenues increased rapidly.
The track-to-city infrastructure revenue was 17.820 billion yuan, an increase of 37.7 per cent, or 18.5 per cent. New industries and modern services earned 20.890 billion yuan and 3.56 billion yuan, respectively.
The Māori rate for railway equipment was 23.9%, a decrease of 1.5 percentage points from the same year, mainly due to production percentage points, mainly due to a larger increase in the low Māori rate of total engineering portfolio operations. New production, R&D investment, continued to increase, and cost control was better.
The Division ' s R & D costs of $4.388 billion, an increase of 9.0 per cent over the same year, decreased by 1.1 percentage points in the company ' s income from its main business, mainly as a result of an effective reduction in financial costs and management costs in the context of growth in the company ' s income, reflecting better results from the company ' s reduced efficiency gains.
Railway investment is expected to accelerate, and there is much room for future development of the urban track. In the railway sector, the country invested $38,6.8 billion in January-July 2019, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the previous year. According to a working session at the beginning of the year, national railway investment will continue to be strong and large in 2019 and is expected to be sustained.
In addition, with the external economy still under considerable pressure, railway investment is expected to be significant as capital support. We expect to invest in railways in the second half of the year.
With the re-opening of the planning approval, we expect that the city-track investment will continue to grow at a higher rate, and that the business will become an important anchor for the company’s performance. We expect that the company’s fleet sales operations will remain stable, and that maintenance camps, such as fleet maintenance, will continue to grow rapidly from 2019 to 2020.
On the other hand, taking into account that investment in urban track construction is expected to accelerate in the future, it is expected that urban track and urban infrastructure will continue to grow robustly. Considering that companies will be able to build high-level railways into growth routes in the future, truck and truck fleets will continue to grow robustly in the light of the impact of the freight increase programme, etc.
Multiply, maintain a “recommended” rating.