4-priced influenza vaccine obtains a iii phase of clinical trial summary report, self-generated products are entering the harvest period Events: In recent days, the company announced a 4-priced influenza virus fission vaccine platinum phase of clinical trial summary report, smart-flying organisms (300122)
Test data show that the company ' s four-priced influenza vaccine is well immunogenic and safe, fully meets the pre-defined targets for clinical trials, is not poor in terms of safety and effectiveness of the control vaccine, and is consistent with the technical guidelines for clinical research on seasonal influenza virus vaccines and the requirements for effectiveness and safety evaluation in the context of the Technical Guidelines for Clinical Research on Seasonal Influenza Vaccines.
China’s flu vaccine market penetration rate has gradually increased, with a 4-priced influenza vaccine becoming the mainstream. In recent years, our influenza prevalence rate has increased, with the use of vaccine control as the main means of preventing the current influenza pandemic.
In recent years, in order to raise the rate of high influenza vaccinations, governments across the country have introduced free vaccinations or health insurance payments, especially for priority populations, with increased incentives. The 4-priced influenza vaccine is expected to be the main source of the influenza market.
Inoculation products, our 4-priced influenza vaccine was issued around 9.7 million doses in 2019, or about 30 per cent, and our 4-priced influenza vaccine was issued about 34 million doses in 2020, accounting for more participants in the approximately 4-price influenza vaccine market, and the Wallan biological issuance was close to 50 per cent.
The Attorney-General's Office data show that in 2021, five of our four-priced flu vaccine companies had issued the first share of the Chinese biological market, about 50 per cent, close to Changchun House, Kindik, and Corinthian, around 15-18 per cent.
The company has a number of products at the research and development stage, of which 23 are expensive for pneumonia, sugar vaccines have been clinically tested and are in the process of being declared. 15 are priced for pneumococcal combinations, freezed rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells), frozen rabies vaccine (vero cells),
Four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, two-price combination vaccine for Songner ' s dysentery vaccine, acyw 135 group vaccine, six products are in three clinical trials. Three varieties are in clinical phase 2, four in clinical phase 1 and 13 in pre-clinic phase.
Risk factors: policy risk, talent management risk, abnormal reaction risk.
In 2021, he joined the Sinda Portfolio and was in charge of research in the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.