Significant increase in the number of batches issued for products such as hpv vaccines, season 2022, 01/04  Event: corporate performance forecast for the first quarter of 2022, expected net return profit of 17.83-
The demand for the Hpv vaccine market is strong and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 2022: a relative 350 million people of appropriate age market, less than 6% penetration of the Hpv vaccine, less supply than demand, and longer waiting time for consumers to receive a four- or nine-price vaccine.
As a result, 2022 and 2023 are the golden years for the sale of company products, and it is expected that the supply of the Hpv vaccine in China will continue to grow at a high rate in 2022.
The promotion of and access to ec and micro-cards is advanced, and is expected to score more than 90% of the country ' s provinces in the first half of 2022, with significant corporate performance in the second half of 2022. In addition, the rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) is now being produced in the frozen population, with four-priced influenza vaccine and three-dicker seedlings projected.
In 2022, production is expected, 15-priced pneumonia vaccine and four-priced meningitis combined vaccine have entered three clinical stages, and the autonomous product pipeline is gradually being implemented, opening up long-term growth space. The Commission has launched a new crown vaccine to boost immunization, and the re-engineering of the protein vaccine is expected to make a significant contribution to the company.
Twilight Flying Organisms (300122): 2021 Triple Performance: On February 19, 2022, the National Health Board launched a series of immunizations, with a high intellectual weight, a group of protein vaccines with greater market potential based on the advantages of safety, protection and efficiency.
Quarterly Review: Successful product development, overseas market, companies actively promoting the accreditation of WHO, significant performance in Uzbekistan, Indonesia, new crown vaccines.
In Ecuador and elsewhere, recombinant foreign exports of new crown vaccines are expected to contribute more to the company's business.
Report: The new crown vaccine has contributed significantly, predicting the course of the new crown epidemic, and the 2022 and 2023 valuations did not include the reorganization of the new crown vaccine component.
"with the approval of the Drug Enforcement Authority, into a new two-way growth phase of "agent + proprietor"
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board