Wie-chul Wang, her net profit is $1.92 billion, yoy + 105.0 per cent, net gain is $1.90 billion, yoy + 101.2 per cent, male
The hpv vaccine recovery + the new crown vaccine release: the company ' s performance increased significantly in 2021, largely as a result of the increase in the number of new crown vaccines and the contribution of the hpv vaccine recovery, which also benefited from a significant 2201 increase.
The vaccine component contributed nearly 8 billion dollars and the Māori rate of autonomous products increased by 3.6 to 90.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis;
As a result of the high growth in sales, 9-price hpv vaccine batch issuances were yoy +101.5%, 4-price hpv vaccine increased the supply of Hpv vaccine in China, and subsequent proxy products are expected to continue to grow rapidly. The Māori rate rose and the cost rate of expansion decreased: the company ' s combined Māori rate was 49.0% in 2021.
The increase of 10 percentage points in the same year was mainly due to the benefit of the new vaccine accoutrements of the high Maori autonomous product, with a cost rate of 8.8 per cent for the period, a decrease of 3.3 percentage points for the same year, with sales rates falling, which benefited from a larger collection, R & D costs of 1.8 per cent, a decrease of 0.2 percentage points for the same year, but a decrease of 0.2 percentage points for the same year.
Inputs are still growing rapidly, with a financial cost rate of 0.1 per cent, a decrease of 0.8 percentage points from the previous year, and a decrease in expenditure in the event of an increase in interest income.The product pipeline is rich, and some autonomous products will gradually enter the harvest period: by the end of 2021, the company
Twenty-nine autonomous R & D projects, 16 already clinically and declared, and a rich product pipeline, are under active development in the second generation of recombinant vaccine research and development in collaboration with the Chinese Academy, with mrc-5 rabies vaccine, four-price influenza vaccine, and 15-priced pneumonia vaccine in three clinical stages.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.