Oversupply in industry, 24q3 for short-term profit and \triangleright, we expect mainly lower sales of photovoltaic glass products and stocks and fixed capital from the cold repair of kilns
Loss of output impairment, affecting current profits. Supply phase overstretched, 24q3 short-term profit under pressure. According to Treasure Information, as of September 26, \triangleright
A total of 104820 tons per day of optical glass production in the country and up to 37 days of industrial stock. The price of 24q3 light glass fell sharply, according to infolink, 3.0 mm/2 mm light glass at the end of September.
Prices fell by 15.24% compared to the end of June, while raw material prices fell by 10% at the end of the same period, and only the Jubaino industry accelerated its cold repairs, with supply and demand pressures or expectations.
At a time of loss, the capacity of light glass, especially small, age-old production, is accelerating the cold.
By the end of August, the industry had a cold capacity of more than 10,000 tons; at the same time, taking into account that the Ying Xin Yuen Yui Anhui, the Nantong project and overseas projects are in a normal state of progress.
With the acceleration of cold repairs in the industry, the build-up or introduction of a more stringent energy-consumption policy, the supply and demand pressures in the photovoltaic glass sector are expected to be eased, and the profitability of companies is expected to rise steadily.
2. Frete (601865.sh) 2023 Annual Review: Probing profit and productivity accelerates the expansion of real-estate status -
The lead business in glass, with reduced supply and demand pressure, is expected to recover steadily and maintain a “recommended” rating.
In mid-2023/11/01 \triangleright 4. Fulette (601865.sh) reported in 2023:
Profit-for-season rehabilitation, overseas yield premium dividend - 2023/5. Frett (601865.sh) 2022 Annual Review: Profit-for-profit period sexual pressure, steady expansion of productive capacity
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.