Three-quarter profit booms, supply contractions driving industry marginal improvement.
Operating income of $14,604 million, a decrease of 8.06 per cent over the same period; net return profit achieved iuodx@cfsc.com.cn 3-quarter profit burden with first-quarter record loss
The industry has reduced production in cold condition, reduced prices, and the bottom of the cycle has come closer, with prices falling and reservoir pressure, and the domestic light glass industry has gradually increased in cold repair since July, and has even experienced a cutback in the kilns, which has been declining in production capacity.
In October, the industry ' s cold capacity was 2,450 tons, with an estimated melting of 102,000 tons per day as at the end of October, with a 2.34 per cent reduction in the ring ratio and a certain reduction in the price of production capacity as compared to June. According to Treasure information, as at the end of October,
The balance between supply and demand is expected to be gradually achieved, leading to a recovery in prices and a recovery of industry’s profits. At the same time as the phase of pressure and the consolidation of the production pattern, the current supply side reforms in the photovoltaic sector are expected to warm, and it is recommended that attention be paid to industrial synergies.
Potential supply-side shifts, such as reduced production, limited high-energy energy consumption, would benefit the company as a low-energy drain first if it were real. Considering that the company’s earnings in the first three quarters were lower than expected, we cut down the company’s earnings projections.
A narrow fall in prices and a gradual rise in the bottom of the cycle, with a combination of expected warming of policies, resulting in less photovoltaic demand than expected, more volatile prices for photovoltaic glass products, less coordinated production effects than expected, increased risks of competition in the industry, overseas layout
Law of Heaven: Master of Financial Engineering, cfa, and frm bearers. Shanghai Transport University, financial undergraduate, four years of experience in financial research, covering photovoltaic and storage energy. Rodione: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, double degree in energy and power engineering and finance, Xian Transport University.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific suggestions or observations in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.