q3 profit runs from surplus to loss, looking at the company's long-term competitiveness Fulette (601865.sh) is affected by the imbalance between supply and demand in the industry, and o3 net profit runs from gain to loss.
Foret published three-quarterly reports in 2024, where the company achieved business income of $14,604 million, or $1 billion, or 36.02 per cent, in the first three quarters of 2024. Of this amount, 2024q3 achieved revenues of $3.91 billion, yoy-37.0 per cent, qoq-21.4 per cent, lower sales prices for glass products and the impact of asset impairment on the cooling of kilns.
As a result, during 2024, the price of light glass continued to fall to industry-wide losses after June, and we are expected to raise the company's share in a context of continued clean-up of production capacity and maintain a “buy-in” rating. • In the short term, looking back at the supply and demand balance in the industry, medium- and long-term firms are expected to secure their leadership with multiple competitive advantages
q3 With high stock pressure in the industry, the price of photovoltaic glass continued to decline and the industry suffered significant losses. Since September, the country’s light glass industry has been conducting shutdowns, bringing the total number of blocked kilns in September to 20, according to the smm light-view industry, with a total output reduction capacity of nearly 6,000 tons/day, with the head of the enterprise accounting for a total decline in production capacity.
Medium- and long-term companies have multiple competitive advantages to safeguard their leadership position.
More than 90% of the stoves, more stable combustion and temperatures within the kilns, less consumption, and the expected rate of completion are expected to move forward - company update report. Companies have achieved further cost reductions through mastery of kiln technology.
There is a good customer base, a large-scale advantage, and a resource advantage. At the same time, companies are actively developing Viet Nam, India, and India.
External energy expansion - company information update report