On 30 April 2024, the only nuclear power generation platform in China, with a steady increase in revenue and net profits.
At the revenue end, the main business of the company, 2024q1, continued to grow, generating business income of $19,182 million, compared to a share in the circulation unit (million shares): 4.88 per cent over the same period, mainly in construction and engineering of nuclear power projects in Huezhou, Changnan and others.
a Total equity share (millions): Increased volume of design business. At the profit end, 2024q1 company profits totalled $6,341 million, net return to the mother market market value (millions):
The total number of nuclear power units operated by the Group in the first quarter was about 39,644 million kWh, an increase of 0.79 per cent over the same period the previous year. The cost rate was on a downward trend and the profitability was expected to recover further.
In-depth report on the securities industry research-nuclear technology industry: dual use in the construction of nuclear power units, active integration of nuclear energy, future applications of nuclear technology, 2024.03.07
By the end of 2023, the company had managed a total of 11 nuclear power units under construction, 2 in the commissioning phase, 3 in the installation phase, 2 in the civil construction phase and 4 in the fcd preparation phase, in which units Ningd 5 and 6, 3 and 4 in Huezhou were in the fcd preparation phase;
Fung-6 has begun its full-scale construction into the civil construction phase; Nannam-2 has already completed its dome in the first half of the year; Huezhou-1 has started cold-state functional experiments into the commissioning phase. In addition to the focus on the nuclear power mains, the company is also active in research on the integrated use of nuclear energy, and nuclear energy heating is already red.
The nuclear power base along the river has accumulated some experience, while actively exploring the construction of a variety of models of storage energy projects. The support “double carbon” goal has been achieved, and the demand for nuclear power markets is high.
Some 176,456 million tons of carbon, 17.8 million tons of sulphur dioxide and 28.5 million tons of nitrogen oxides have been reduced, and the environmental benefits are clear. China currently has about 56,691 million kilowatts (kW) of assembly units, representing 1.9 per cent of the total installed capacity, and nuclear power remains low in our energy structure, with energy coming out.
As our energy structure is optimized and new energy systems are built faster, the demand for related products will accelerate the release of nuclear power, and companies are expected to benefit deeply from the growth of their industries.
The risks of industrial policy change, changes in electricity demand, and safety risks for nuclear power plants are shown in figure 1: the company ' s business income has increased at an annual compound rate of 7.91 per cent over the past five years.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.