In terms of asset quality, the firm’s bad recognition accelerates, and the risk of negative stock digesting still requires one.
The growth in net interest income has increased at a significant rate. The net profits of the banks increased by 5.45 per cent in the first half of the year, and the income increased by 6.75 per cent in the first half of the year, a marked improvement over the first quarter.
A 17.6 per cent decrease in the same year and a 13.2 per cent increase in net interest income over the same year, if the impact of the conversion of accounting standards is reversed, is mainly affected by the spread of interest rates. On the median side, the revenue from agent operations, trust fees, and transaction fees, on the other hand, decreased by 0.6 per cent in the first half of the year.
The debt-end restructuring is in place and the financing structure is optimized to boost interest differentials. 2-quarter loan-scale revolving companies continue to crush corporate liabilities, 2-quarter-end-of-season-of-cycle liabilities + the share of the joint-accounts bill to total liabilities is the end-of-cycle optimal structure leads to a wide spread of net interest differentials, based on end-of-period balance caliber, 2-quarters
In the second half of the year ahead, the pressure on the cost of corporate debt is expected to be eased in the context of lower market interest rates, and the net difference is expected to be slightly wider. Loans/deprived loans fell by 6 percentage points to 130% compared to the beginning of the year and remain high in the industry.
Ping, the poor quality of assets, we measure the two-quarter write-off of the company's annual incompetence, using the market price as of August 30, 2018 as the standard, the downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and financial supervision is more than anticipated.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations, considering the possible slowdown in the cost of corporate liabilities due to lower market interest rates in the second half of the year.
There's still pressure, and we keep the "neutral" rating.
There was a marked improvement in revenue collection and a marked improvement in the rate of increase in net interest income. Of this, net interest income decreased by 17.6 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period. If the impact of the conversion of accounting standards is reversed, the net interest income and liabilities are restructured and the burden structure optimized to promote wider spreads of interest
Quicker than peer assets (-20.0 per cent, qoq) and portfolio investments (-0.90 per cent, qoq), with 2-quarter loan as a share of total assets increasing by 1-quarter; while companies continue to reduce peer liabilities by 2.61 per cent, peer liability by 2.61 per cent, peer liability by 2-quarter end-of-season optimized structure leads to wide net interest differentials, with 2-quarter net interest spreads by Piti measured on the basis of the caliber of our end-of-period balance
Looking forward to the second half of the year, in the context of falling market interest rates, the cost pressures on corporate debt are expected to be eased, with a projected net capital adequacy rate of 8.64 per cent at the core level in the second quarter of the company, a certain pressure on capital funds, which constrains the expansion of the company’s size, and a $50 billion debt transfer programme currently awaiting regulatory approval, with attention to capital replenishment processes.
In terms of forward-looking indicators of asset quality, concern is that, despite improvements in forward-looking indicators, assets are still at a higher level in the industry, and asset quality is lower than that of peers, and we measure the company ' s write-off.
Since 2018, companies have continued to make negative structural changes, returning to the credit base, and two-quarter debt-end restructuring. Optimizing the corporate top-up of the first half of the year has contributed to wider interest differentials, leading to improved revenue performance. In terms of asset quality, companies have been slow to recognize, stocking has accelerated.
Given that lower interest rates on market funds in the second half of the year may put pressure on the firm’s liabilities at the end of the cost,1 the downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the business and profitability of the real economy, and thus the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macro-economic uncertainty remains to be followed closely by dynamic changes in the economy.2 Financial regulation is over-expected. Banking regulation has continued since 2017, with full coverage of internal and external banking regulations, all right?
At the same time, the merger of the Silver and Security Councils will enhance regulatory coherence and coordination, enhance regulatory effectiveness, and accelerate the fall of various regulatory rules documents. Industry’s business development may be constrained if tight regulation is more than expected, thus affecting the rate of net profit growth.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)