Wangpeng@cczq.com Yellow and China Connect net profit ring drops 86% in the third quarter of 2016 and large-scale construction of 4g brings iron.
Higher rental costs for towers, energy and property were associated with a net loss of profit of 990 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, some costs and costs associated with China Connect were identified centrally in the fourth quarter, with a net increase of more than 5 million users per month in the 4th quarter of 2016 and the 1st quarter of 2017
And the number of mobile account users continues to increase, with the 2016 performance presentation referring to a net profit of about 460 million in January-February 2017, 827 million net profits attributable to parent companies in the first quarter of 2017, an expected profit of 274 million, while the absolute value of net profits remains relative to the market value of China Connect.
Small, but huge, increases in the same year, taking into account the impending mix, the growth of mobile data operations, the huge growth space for innovative operations, and the cost savings in the six major areas that China’s connectivity is pushing forward, we believe that China’s connectivity growth potential is enormous.
China Connect is currently in a state of suspension for planning and promoting the mix-up, and specific options for the mix-up have not been announced, but we believe from three angles that the mix-up will contribute to a significant increase in connectivity performance: (a) a large amount of money will be brought into the public company, and support companies will be able to reduce or eliminate the network.
Gaps in the quality of the network with competitors; (b) efficiency gains resulting from institutional and institutional reforms, although specific programmes are not yet in place, there is no doubt that the institutional framework is more mixed than China's own.
It would be more flexible, and more flexible than competitors; (c) mixing is a major initiative promoted at the central level, with China Connect as the first selected pilot unit, and the company’s management at all levels and all employees would have the pressure and motivation to do their jobs better.
2. Mobile data operations are growing strongly, with a 56.2 per cent increase in total mobile Internet traffic in the first quarter of 2017 compared to the fourth quarter of 2016, a “one-card-in-demand” phenomenon in the Great Wangka, with China having less than 15 per cent of mobile network usage, and a significant increase in mobile data operations
The company has grown rapidly and rapidly in innovative business areas such as big data, object networking and idc/coon computing; in mid-March, the company ' s big data joint venture had worked with more than 120 cities to help with urban planning, traffic site setting, while contracting more than 40 brand clients in the industry, big data.
Business growth is rapid, while big data can also be used to send letters in banking, insurance, etc., and can be imagined to be huge; the number of connections to the Internet in 2016 grew by about 100%, with nb-iot in 2017, the year of commercial commerce, with huge space for follow-on network development; and idc/Cloud calculations for 2015 and 2016.
With annual sales costs of $34.6 billion, there is more room for cost savings. Investment proposals: change is about to land, and change will lead to improved connectivity, higher incomes, and gains.
This decline has a strong potential for the growth of mobile data operations, with innovative professional attitudes, professional prudential research methods such as big data and material networking, the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of this report, and accountability for its content and views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be.
This would be directly or indirectly relevant to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.