Quarter performance exceeded expectations, mixed progress value April 23, 2017: company reports issued in first quarter 2017, yielding $69.01 billion in the first quarter, compared to the previous quarter.
Decreased by 1.9 per cent and main business revenue of $6.643 billion, an increase of 2.4 per cent over the same period; net parentage of 74.3 per cent, the company also released its March operations data, bringing the total number of mobile account users to 266.265 million, an increase of 6.41 million, of which 4g users accumulated.
Income from the main business has continued to grow, and the cost-resistance benefits are evident: while the same rate of revenue has decreased, the drop has been significantly reduced to 1.90 per cent for the corporate sector.
With 2.4 per cent of the most valuable major operating income from performance, the continuing trend of corporate performance has been largely curbed, and the up-and-go points are expected to arrive early.
Corporate operating costs have gradually declined, leading to a rise in net corporate profits, which have increased in one quarter over the same period as the largest one-quarter increase in recent years. The decline in corporate operating costs is mainly due to a reduction in the cost of selling communications products, which is 30.7 per cent lower than during the same period last year.
The company ' s overall push for a transformation of marketing patterns has significantly reduced its spending on the sale of communications products, making an important contribution to corporate profits. 4g Users have grown steadily and broadband operations have regained their growth momentum: a net increase in company 4g users
18,175 million households with an increase of 20.00 per cent over the same year, reaching 123 million households with 4g penetration, 66.33 per cent, and there is still much room for an increase in penetration. The mobile account-leaf user arpu is a person, 46.7 yuan, a slight increase over last year ' s average of 4g users arpu.
The dollar is $73.9, a significant boost to the level of corporate profitability. Broadband users have reached 2.5 per cent of the same-year rise in income and 7.5 per cent in the ring, to 23,813 million yuan, in the face of increased competition in the field of fixed broadband operations.
There has been an increase in both mobile and broadband operations over the past quarter, with the main battalion operating in China.
The company has promoted a number of new marketing models. 2. China’s net profits have declined sharply in the first half of the year, deepening its cooperation with Internet companies, developing new users and promoting existing users.
Increased consumption and steady growth in corporate flow operations. The company’s equity structure is expected to be optimized as a result of this process, and it is expected that it will further develop connectivity with the three Bats. 3. China’s performance bottom plus policy red.
A strategic partnership to explore new business areas like artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing.
4. China’s connectivity: short-term profit overhang, mixed sources of data are expected to bloom a little more, thus driving the construction of emerging profit growth points for companies.
Change +4g penetration increase + control spending build-up to enhance the integrated competitiveness of companies in the new context. + New business breaks out into a performance reversal
The development strategy and the outbreak of new business have had a positive and sustained impact on the company by giving the “buy-out of Toshio Securities Co. Ltd.” with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, which has the status of a securities investment advisory board.