Taking advantage of the self-empowerment window, improving the product structure, and increasing profitability. Long autonomy has evolved into a pattern of high-priced brands led by “plus avita with cs/surgent support for the +uni series,” with a core layout of $5-20 million. With the continued heavy heat sales of cs, unswi, etc., companies have been able to build hot-market models. When the core models under the front car cover meet the credit criteria, the acquisition tax relief + absence environment is expected to stimulate a steady increase in the company’s market share in the context of a steady recovery in industry.
Joint ventures: Chang Anfort accelerated the transformation, the cycle of strong vehicles started, and the high-end vehicle-led performance accelerated. Fort China’s 2.0° transition plan opened a new cycle, the car-style replacement was accelerated, and Chang Anfort’s profit-making capacity was expected to continue to improve as the new car type was imported.
The company, led by the Shangri-La and the Beidou Sky Consort, has been steadily promoting electro-intelligent technology and product layouts. In pure electricity, it is self-researching the pepa pure power platform, which supports the deployment of new energy sources for 11 new products over the next three years; in brand layout, deep blue positioning for $150,000 to $3 million; in the mainstream market, leading to an increase in autonomous average prices; in the first product, Sl03, the power of which is strong and expected to continue to be sold; in Alveta, positioning the luxury intelligence, driving the brand upwards; in the mix, the blue whale idd.
The hybrid system technology is ahead of schedule, with un-kidd versions now on the market, and the hybrid versions of un-v and Oshanz6 are expected to be launched in the second half of this year. The company expects eight new energy products to be released this year, and the new energy product matrix to be rapidly refined, which is expected to be a central driver of future growth in corporate sales.
The product cycle starts, the volume rises in the "Shangriara/Blue Whale/Beidou" program, and the speed company's electric intelligence transition.
Together, in order to accelerate intelligent development, self-directed performance growth, third-time entrepreneurship into long-term 1.1, car-making experience and multiple joint ventures.
\triangleright has 160 years of history, 38 years of car-making experience, 14 production bases, 35 whole-car/engine and transformer plants around the world, and China’s four largest groups of automobiles. In 2022, Chang-Advang accelerated the electrical transformation, working with China, Ningd’s era to launch a high-end electric vehicle-type Avitae11 based on the Chn architecture; and published a brand of pure electricity.
“Deep Blue” plans to be on the market this year, c385 (sl03), and c673, with a stable equity structure, with subsidiaries such as Nanjing Chang-Ann/Shang-Am-Am-Am-Am-Hu; joint-venture brands such as Chang-Aft, Chang-Amma-Am-Am-Eh; and new energy sources are not yet listed.
Figure 1: Business development since the company's inception.
It's a Jeep, it's a Chongqing Chang An Car Unit, and it's the 4th largest Chinese car.
The transition to civilian production, Chang An Suzuki became a fully-owned subsidiary with the Chinese, the Ningde era.
We're going to set up a vehicle, set up a vehicle, set up a vehicle, and we're going to launch Aveta 11; we're going to publish pure.
The power brand "Deep Blue" is an autonomous driver of performance growth, the third entrepreneurship enters the long term, the return on investment is a major profit, and the autonomous brand is an engine of growth.
In 2018, the industry began to decline, and the Chang-Ann car suffered a significant decline in both revenue and profits, as a result of declining car-type competitiveness and a significant decline in Long-Amford’s performance, resulting in a loss of net public profits for the first time in 2019. And, with the gradual growth of autonomy, corporate cost control has been effective, and profitability has been on the rise.
Figure 5: Improvement in long-term cost and Māori sales
Self-led performance growth, third-time entrepreneurship into long-term 1.2, investment returns contributing to major profits, and autonomous brand-driven growth
Figure 7: Long Anfort's earnings have declined considerably, Figure 6: Long An automobile profits have been driven by other gains in recent years (millions of yuan) Self-led performance growth, with third entrepreneurship entering the long term
(c) The un series explores new ways of marketing, and on-line experiences the shop plus the user connects with gravitational apps to improve the client experience in a comprehensive manner.
Underline: car and experience store, custom-made love car, full show.
Cars and American viewer service platform. One-stop life service platform.
Accurately responsible for growth in performance, third-time entrepreneurship in the long term 1.4, third-time entrepreneurship in 4.0 and moving to world-class brands.
\triangleright 2017 has launched the 3rd Entrepreneurship Innovation Project - Entrepreneurship Innovation Programme, which promotes entrepreneurship, version 4.0 and proposes new orientations, targets and industry models, as well as six strategic actions.
Producing version 4.0 of the innovative start-up plan in 2021, which focuses on new positioning, targets and industry models, has actively promoted six strategic actions. By 2025, the plan was to sell 3 million vehicles, representing 35 per cent of new energy; by 2030, a world-class brand was created, with 4.5 million vehicles, with 60 per cent of new energy and 30 per cent of overseas sales.
Figure 9: Change, innovation, innovation, innovation, rapid strategic transformation of long-asserted automobiles
In 2020, with the advent of a wave of platform-based landings and smart electricization, autonomous brands have moved into powerful production, leading to a third increase in the rate. At the autonomous rise window, Chang-Sang’s share has increased by improving the product structure.
The Chinese Air Association, the Democratic Securities Institute, started a high-yielding cycle, with a full-scale price rise at 2.1, holding the autonomous brand rise window, and a rapid growth of the Cheonan car.
The brand structure suggests that Chang-Sang autonomously formed three full-product systems of long-air vehicles, Oshan, deep blue (new energy) and high-end Aveta brands. The model structure shows the formation of a suv, dominated by cs+uni+Oshan, a sedan, and a mpv-based mpv, dominated by the Eusang series.
Figure 14: Long-Ann brand structure. Strong product cycles open, volume rises at 2.1, capture the autonomous brand rise window, and long-Ann cars grow fast.
2.1.1, cs series - $8-15 million medium- and low-end suv, which supports long-term self-sustainability, with close to half of the cs series sold at mid- and low-end suv of $8-15 million, and strong in the heat-marketing type of 75. Cs main-power vehicle series price range is between $8-15 million, with half of the long-sustained autonomous sales. The segment belongs to the Red Sea market where the suv competes the most intensely.
The product power of the car, which is in the lead in the inter-priced market in terms of the number of models and the volume of single-car sales, supports Chang-Son ' s autonomy.Figure 18: The price of the cs series ' s main models is concentrated in $8150,000.Figure 19: The cs series accounts for half of the stock of long-sus-service autonomous sales (in thousands, per cent).Figure 20: The long-succe series in the 80-15 million suv market is highly competitive.
(Twiss axis: time, vertical axis: price/million dollar, bubble size: Chinese Air Association, Chinese Sports Institute, Chinese Securities Institute)
The product cycle starts, the volume rises, the autonomous brand rises window is captured, and the Chang-Ann car is growing fast .2.1.1, the cs series — $8-15 million medium- and low-end suv, which supports long-A-Son autonomy.
Cs75plus was replaced with a strong smart driver configuration, with a strong power mix of blue whale engines and an E-Sin transformer. cs75plus was replaced at the end of February 2022, with a larger space than a competing car model: 1) higher than the same level, guaranteeing sufficient in-board space; 2) powered with a 2.0t turbine boost engine, with 8 speeds at A-Sin, with a strong engine output; 3) smart driver configuration, with a medium-controlled left touch screen + 2 12.3 inches of large screens connecting three screens, with an apa5.0 automatic.
Parking system, iacc technology, installation of 12 ultrasound radars, 3 mm wave radars, and 5 cameras to achieve a level-122 advanced auxiliary driving function. The replacement cs75plus is expected to continue.
Taking advantage of the autonomous brand rise window, the long-anse car is growing fast .2.1.1, the cs series - $80-15 million medium- and low-end suv, supporting long-anxiety autonomy, the key car type cs55plus, the smart driving configuration, and the long-anuni series 1.5t engine. cs55plus is unique in shape compared to a competitive car type: 1) the whole galaxy ring light light group.
Optimizing the optical design of the entire vehicle, with high-transparent features embedded on top, creating a strong sense of visual permeability; 2) high safety, with vehicles equipped with a universal airbag sensor, with six airbags full capacity to protect the crew, with an extreme response speed of 0.03 seconds casted on the entire perimeter; 3) imms smart interactive system mounted, with face recognition of the face of the facide, with a light brake activated to start the vehicle directly, automatically adjusting the air conditioning temperature, multimedia volume to the usual state...cs55plus, with its advantages, we expect the next steady-state monthly sales to break 15,000.
It's a high-yielding cycle, with a price rise of 2.1, control of the autonomous brand rise window, and a rapid growth of the Chang An car.
2.1.1, cs series - $8-15 million medium- and low-end suv, providing support for long-term security autonomy, cs35plus, with steady-state sales expected to reach 8000-10000. cs35plus series, with a price of 699-10.9 million, focuses on the pro-people and low-middle-end car market. The power side is equipped with a blue whale N1.4t direct jet engine with a maximum twist of 260n m and an axle of 2600 mm. In electrical intelligence, it is equipped with accs&g self-adaptation cruise and aeb.
Emergency brake systems, with a 540° high-level view. On May 20, 20, 2022, cs35plus will be replaced. The new car will be upgraded in its appearance and configuration, highlighting its youth and sports style. The next series of cs35 steady-state monthly sales are expected to reach 0.8-1w.
*2.1.2, un series – positioning high end suv in the middle of $10-20 million, driving brands up, providing additional quantities – un differentials are positioned to produce a net increase in long-term security. Un series positioning high end vehicles in the middle of $100,000 to $2 million, leading to technological differences, swords are brands for joint ventures. As industry competition increases, autonomous brands begin to increase their R & D input and upgrade their model configurations, and attempts are being made to break through high end brands or cars.
The first car, uni-t, and uni-k, with a high-level technology perception +adas Auxiliary Driving + Modules + Blue Whale Platform powered total, is strong and competes with the joint brand. The first car, uni-v, is also highlighted in the competition in the joint venture brand market, and sales are increasing. As the subsequent product matrix becomes richer, the un series of promising stick cs becomes a new engine of growth, helping to build the brand up.
Figure 25: Comparison of sales in the cs and uni series (vehicles) Figure 26: The uni series accounts for long-term autonomous subv sales (millions)
2.1. Control of the autonomous brand rise window, rapid growth of the Chang An car 2.1.2, un series - positioning high end suv of $10-2 million, leading the brand up, providing additional quantities — Uni-v of Chang Anuni's first sedan detonating the market and promising a steady-state sale. Uni-v builds and carries blue whale ne1.5t motors based on an ark structure, using a borderless front-face, cutting-through.
Unique designs like taillights, raised tails, etc., are expected to be a new growth point for the unie family. Their target vehicles are sports-oriented cars, such as Queens03 and Honda, with un-v-shaped designs and power versus the same level of car. Figure 27: The un-v series has taken the lead in the competition (in thousands)
The product cycle was opened, the volume price was raised at 2.1, the autonomous brand rise window was captured, and the Chang An car grew fast.
From the first generation of eado to 2022 of fluency plus, a 10-year rush has evolved to a fourth-generation pattern. The current plus smart configuration has been completely upgraded, with a new generation of high-efficiency power with blue whales taking advantage of a tight-barrel-level car market at a higher price than it would at a higher price. With the rise of autonomous brands, a 10-year-old market has been settling, talking, stubbling, and intellectually.
The technology can further give you the ability to escape, and it is expected to compete with the joint venture model. Figure 28: Long An roll-out of car models and sales (cross-axis time, vertical price per 10,000 yuan, bubble size for sale)
The product cycle was opened, the volume price was raised at 2.1, the autonomous brand rise window was captured, and the Chang An car grew fast .2.1.4, Oshan/Ben: Focus on the a00 level market, contributing to steady-state sales
As a long, Anoshan’s first Plaus flagship product, Long Aoshanx7plus, has been completely upgraded in terms of power, size, appearance, and technology configuration, with a full-scale viewing of the artyle 3.0 version of the Smart Control System, online navigation, voice interaction, video entertainment resources, etc. As a super-high value compared to the vehicle in 100,000 districts, we expect Euroshangx7plus to sell 10,000 vehicles on average monthly basis.
Oshaan also launched a new compact suv - Oshanz6 with the Blue Whale idd global hybrid system, Blue Whale 2.0t+Aint8at, Blue Whale 1.5t+7dct 3 power systems that support the eaglepilot 7.0 system for full-sounding passenger parking, all-out smart car voice, split screen functions, face-id recognition, one key safety supercar, etc., and are expected to drive the Ochan brand further up.
Figure 30: Sales and brand ownership of the Oshan series (in thousands)
*2.1.5. Long Enlightenment New Energy - Deep Blue: A high-end smart car market in position • Deep-end automobile market, positioning digital smart electric brands, first product slo3 market reverberations and sales performance are expected. In April 2022, Long Enlighten Blue brands were officially launched. Deep Blue is equipped with a full-power digital platform with a domain-controlled electronics architecture, which is subsequently driven into a core of two or four-ways, power forms and compatibility, including pure electricity, incremental range and hydrogen fuels.
• The Sl03, c673 and medium-term plan 5 vehicles are planned for the Year. Sl03 is sold for $17,982.18 million, which allows for long-range unattended passenger parking functions and intelligent driving of the 122+ class, while carrying 8155 chips, with a 14.6 inch medium control screen and a 10.25 inch LCD screen, and arhud, which is expected to be delivered in August. The competitive model is clearly proportional to its size and value ratio, and the volume of sales is expected to be expected.
Figure 32: Long-sleeved blue brands officially released Figure 33: Deep blue sl03 appearances
• In April 2022, the new long-safe brand name “Lumin” was launched with the intention of replacing the run-off with the pure electric mini-car market. The vehicle was built on a completely new and pure power platform based on Chang Anepao, with 155 km,
Three options are available: 210km, and 301km. Lumin has a significant advantage in size as compared to a competitive car, with fresh and fresh colours and a lively look; and 10.25 inches of intermediate control and 7 inches of full liquid crystal screens are available to achieve a real “price mix that does not make sense.” The market of Chang Anlumin injects new blood into the pure electric minibus market, and, given its advantages in size, shape, power, and so on, we expect Lumin to have a competitive share of the market and a steady monthly turnover of 10,000.
Figure 35: Sale of long Anlumin competing vehicles (millions)
"Fort China 2.0" opens a new car cycle with performance repair speeds up at 2.2.1. Long Anfort: Long Antford has 10-15 million and over 250,000 full-size cars, with product lines covering small to medium-sized and large cars, cars, suvs, mpvs, all of them.
S, Mondio, Taurus; suv with wing tigers, wingsbows, sharp edges, sharp edges; mpv with mpv; then the company opens a new car cycle and does it on the management, R & D and distribution networks.
In 2020, Chang Anfort introduced three high-end cars, Lincoln (flyer, navigator, adventurer), which have performed well since they were listed. Figure 37: Long Anfort pattern (cross-axis time, vertical axis price/million dollar)
A strong product cycle was launched, with a full volume increase in 2.2, the joint venture block: Long Anfort accelerated the transformation and refined the asset structure .2.2.1, Long Anfort: "Fort China 2.0" opened the new car cycle, and performance repairs accelerated.
• Ford launched the “oneford” strategy in 2006 (reducing products - cutting costs - expanding cash flows - directly affecting the release of Ford's overseas car market products) to miss China's market opportunities. In 2011, Ford started to shift the strategy, launching the “1515” strategy (with 15 new cars in China by 2015). The product cycle led to the peak of Ford sales in 2016, but Chang An Ford has been in a blank phase since the “15” scheme, and has shown a persistent low level of sales in recent years.
Figure 39: After the long Anfort “1515” strategy was put on the market, the 16-year sales of the long Anfort strategy reached its peak (millions)
2.2. Joint venture blocks: Long Anfort accelerated the transformation, mixed the optimization of the asset structure .2.2.1, Long Anfort: “Fort China 2.0” opened the new cycle of the car, and the speed of performance repairs dropped to 180,000 vehicles, with 2019 long Anfort sales falling to the bottom of the valley in the same year, while the profits of the bicycles were even negative, reaching historical lows, and the old car pattern was the main reason.
A strong product cycle was launched, with a full volume increase in 2.2, the joint venture block: Long Anfort accelerated the transformation and refined the asset structure .2.2.1, Long Anfort: "Fort China 2.0" opened the new car cycle, and performance repairs accelerated.
• In response to China’s market downturn, the current ceojim Hackett has launched the “Fort China 2.0” strategy, which promotes the five core projects of the 2.0 era and accelerates the deployment of vehicles. After the launch of the strategy, Chang Anfort changed his position and accelerated the deployment of vehicles, in 2019 he went to the market for the Golden Bulls, medium-term changes in the frontier and a brand-new heavy-pound vehicle. In 2020, it also included explorers, Lincoln navigators/flightrs/attemptors, and three multi-car models manufactured in the Suv country; starting in the fourth quarter of 2021, five new vehicles are scheduled to be launched within eight months. As Ford’s 2.0 strategy has become more effective, he will be able to sell them with new models.
Quarter-by-season improvement, followed by the continuation of the “330” plan, which is expected to accelerate the recovery of Chang Anfort’s performance. Table 5: Fort China’s five core programmes of 2.0.
2.2 Joint venture blocks: Long Anfort accelerated the transformation, optimized the asset structure § 2.2.2, severed the loss operations, made the first positive changes, optimized the asset structure of the joint venture. Starting in 2019, the company marked the long-term deficit with the Snow Dragon (capsa) and the Jiang bell holdings, respectively, through the sale of equity and the transformation of the holdings.
The way in which the share ratio is optimized for non-core assets, the shareholding ratio of the Jiang bell is reduced by loss, the shareholding of the capsa is abandoned, the business burden is discarded and the impact on company performance is reduced. Figure 43: Jiang bell shares are part of the Chang An car investment return (billions) “Shangriara/Blue Whale/Beidou” programme, accelerating the transformation of the company's electric intelligence
Chang-Ang started with power plus technology, the Blue Whale idd hybrid system, and the Beidou Consort. The epa pure tram model c385+chn pure tram vehicle 11 plus the idd hybrid system uni-kphev is on the market to facilitate the long-paced installation of an electric smart transformation.
3.1. The Shangri-La programme guides the transformation of electric energy, and the Shangri-La project aims to become the leader of intelligent new energy vehicles and accelerate the transformation of electric power.
These can be summarized as 100 billion actions; 20 million research and development; and 3 - Partners' release: 4 - Extreme development, with three major new energy vehicle-specific platforms in 2020 and a complete cessation of sales of traditional fuel trucks in 2025.
Two-structure + three platforms, three-year, 11-year, and 26-year-old new cars. Chang-Ann's autonomous development of the pepa pure power platform, three platform pa0/epa1/epa2 for mini-, compact, and above, respectively.
Figure 47: Chongqing’s New Energy Development History, Figure 48: Long An Electric Platform Layout “Shangriara/Blue Whale/Beidou” Project, accelerating the transformation of the company’s electric intelligence
Blue Whale idd re-engaging hybrid patterns Blue Whale ne power platform fills gaps in domestic motor platform development and opens the year of the Chinese Automotive Technology Platform. As China's first motor modular platform, the Blue Whale ne power platform integrated almost all internal combustion technology, pre-engineered electrification programmes, driving the entire landscape of current and future vehicles. Full-scale 48v, hev, phev, reev designs, and designs for 1.0-1.8l rows.
The Blue Whale platform, which represents the formal entry into the 3.0 age of Chang-Ann's motor power, is internationally advanced not only in terms of productivity automation, intelligence rates, etc., and is an important basis for promoting the Shangri-La project.
The "Shangriara/Blue Whale/Beidou" project, which accelerates the electrical intelligent transformation of the company 3.2, Blue Whale idd remodelling hybrid patterns Blue Whale motors: in the first echelon of state-made engine technology, multiple long-carsed cars have formed the Blue Whale family. Blue Whale motors include medium- and high-volume high-performance engines (Blue Whale 2.0t) with the following:
Blue whales have a 1.4t high-pressure direct-jet engine with a maximum power of 116kw, with a maximum torque of 260n m, with a corresponding speed of 1400-4000r/min. 1.5t high-pressure direct-jet motors with a maximum power of 132kw, a maximum torque of 300n/m, with a turn-on speed range of 1250-3250r/min. Blue whales ' ne1.5t hair drive has a power output comparable to natural inhaling 3.0l platoons, using the same level 's only two-export integrated exhaust tube + two-vortex turboret booster technology, with the highest performance of the same class.
The Shangri-La/Blue Whale/Beidou project, which accelerates the transformation of the company's electric intelligence 3.2, Blue Whale idd remodels hybrid patterns, high-performance blue whale motors, efficient blue whale electric-drive transformers, super-capacity phev batteries and intelligent control systems co-emerging Blue Whale idd hybrid systems.
The company’s blue whales, 1.4t, 1.5t, and 2.0t engines, which are still in a technologically iterative cycle, have been listed in the second half of 2021 and 2022 as cs55plus, Oshanx7plus, un-k, and so on, to carry a new generation of blue whales, 1.5t, and 2.0t engines.
Table 8: Long Anid vs. Biadidm-i, Wall dht Figure 52: Four technology-enabling blue whale idd “Shangriara/Blue Whale/Beidou” programme, accelerating the transformation of corporate electric intelligence
3.3. The Bei Doo Sky Constituency program was launched, the ark architecture was raised, and the long-term intelligence plan was fully upgraded. 3.3.1, the Bei Doo Constance program was launched, the forward layout created intelligent advantages, the smart layout ahead, and deep collaboration with the Internet giants to build up the core competitiveness of the future.
In August of the same year, Chang-Ann launched the Bei Doo Sky Constabulary program to drive intelligently. “Third Enterprise - Launched by Chang-Aon in April 2018.
Supported by the three main areas of intelligent interaction, smart car platforms are being built in stages, with a planned level-I4 UAV production by 2025.
The Shangri-La/Blue Whale/Beidou project, which accelerates the transformation of the company's electric intelligence, the Bei Doo-Tung program is launched, the ark structure is up and running, and the Bei Doo-Tung program is launched, and the forward-looking layout is creating an intelligent advantage.
Vehicle-wide electronic and electrical architecture platform: Based on a vehicle-wide electronic and electrical structure platform, Chang An has completed the V3.0ota access capability, supporting more than 10 control areas rfbt, gw, apa, etc., entertainment domain os, mcu, ecu, ip, 4g, etc., upgrades of the ota rotation to support active driving,
The company expects to complete the development of the ciia 2.0 field structure by 2022.
In 2023, a quasi-central structure was completed, which is designed to provide a sounding system for all the users of the software.
Completion of the central domain architecture in 2025 to achieve industry leadership in the Shangri-La/Blue Whale/Beidou program, accelerating the transformation of the company's electric intelligence.
The Bei Doo Sky Console project was launched, the ark architecture was raised, the long-term intelligence was upgraded, the long-term vision plan was launched, and the pre-position created the intellectual advantage. The position of the intelligent driver was to create one or two blast spots a year, so that the "domestic lead, right after the world" was achieved.
cc/iacc/aeb/fcw/apa, among other things, aeb-p, iacc, apa4.0/5.0/6.0 technologies for the initial issuance of national product plates.
Figure 57: Over arithmetic platform is expected to be achieved by 2024 at a cost of up to $34,000
System architecture: Sensor configuration from 2l5r11v12u ~ 5l6r12v12u, calculation of platform maximum from cpu over 300k and ai over
Composition of 300t super arithmetic controllers. Combined costs: combined cost maximum estimate Features: higher platform maximum version super arithmetic
The platform needs to be based on the new energy vehicle water cooling system, the Shangri-La/Blue Whale/Bei-Dou, to accelerate the transformation of the company's electric intelligence.
The Bei Doo Sky Constituency project was launched with a forward-looking layout that creates an intelligent advantage Smart driving: apa7.0 long-range unmanned passenger parking system, with a focus on passenger parking, with a last kilometre of service. The long-range apa7.0 long-range unmanned passenger parking system has been issued, allowing for the autonomous line-up of vehicles outside the garage. Users can get out of the garage directly, line themselves up by the system, and drive vehicles through the gates, search for their own spaces, and park themselves.
Table 9: Age-old development of the Automated Parking System, the Shangri-La/Blue Whale/Bei-Dou programme, accelerating the transformation of the electrical intelligence of the company, the launch of the Bei Doo Sky Constellation, the ark architecture, the complete upgrading of the long-term intelligence system.
The Beidou Sky Constituency project was launched with a forward-looking layout to create an intelligent advantage. Smart Constellation: a full-scale digital twine to develop an open platform with a focus smart module to enhance the efficiency of research and development. The full-scale digital twine to develop an open platform has four breakthrough advantages: secondary application of atomicization services to a digital cabin platform, with an unlimited combination of functions.) Digital twin: industry-led piloting, cabining, full-scale virtual simulation environment with three domains.
The full-car functionality scenario can be organized; 3) Infinite computing services: Local cloud ends have millions of tops numeracy reserves that can meet platform development needs for the next 5 to 10 years, providing 10 types of 260 api interfaces for developers. 4) Experiential: support for rapid experience evaluation of single-scale, system-level, whole-of-carriage levels, support for virtual reality, mixed real-life evaluation.
Fig. 59: "Shangriara/Blue Whale/Beidou" development program 2025, accelerating the transformation of the company's electric intelligence.
The Beidou Sky Convergence project was launched to create an intelligent edge for the forward layout, and the company's position is to build the first million-class smart network motors blending platform in the country's autonomous automobiles, enabling products, research and development, and services. The company has now achieved the capacity of the ChaCloud platform by more than billions of dollars, providing advanced intelligence cloud services for cs75plus, un-t, Oshanx5, new energy, etc., to support the cloud albums.
Remote photographing and direct digital key-sharing, Ota clouds, long-range gravitational app smart control, etc., cumulatively connects 1.3 million vehicles. Chang-Ann has built up the largest cluster of large data storage computing vds 2.0, with large data storage processing capabilities exceeding 5pb, with smart eye systems, active functions, power loss alerts, durability.
Data applications such as tag analysis, big screen monitoring systems, etc., have led to data thinking in the R & D system from 0 to 1. Figure 62: Long-Ann's car smart cloud development plan, the Shangri-La/Blue Whale/Beidou project, accelerates the transformation of the company's electric intelligence.
The Bei Doo Sky Console project was launched, the ark architecture was raised, the long-term intelligence was completely upgraded, the Bei Doo Console project was launched, the forward layout created intelligent advantages, the software definition of cars was advanced, and the software core was made competitive. In the context of the software definition of cars, the traditional business model was subverted, and the Chang An car was actively developing software capabilities through the active establishment of the software technology company.
During the entire life cycle of a car, it is centred on the user experience, using software plus data as a means of building a “digital base plus open platform plus core applications plus continuous development of the environment” to develop a sound software definition of a car digital services ecosystem. The “Shangela/Blue Whale/Beidou” programme accelerates the transformation of the company's electric intelligence.
The Bei Doo Sky Constituency project was launched, the ark architecture was raised, the long-term intelligence was upgraded, the ark architecture was created, the ark architecture was built into a new, all-intelligent, all-emerging, all-intelligent, all-intelligent. In November 2020, the Chang An vehicle released the Ark Architecture, the whole of the 4-0 era.
The core advantages of the ark architecture are: (i) experience of design diversification; (ii) future technological pre-engineering; (iii) geneticization of human vehicles; and (iv) overgradation of the quality bottom line, which is currently being sold as a product of the ark structure, and will continue to evolve the ark structure from the traditional inner combustion engines to the power of the hev, reev, and phev.
Table 10: Description of Ark Structure: Figure 65: Four Core Values in Ark Structure: Working Together to Accelerate Smart Development
The Internet and car companies work together to exploit their respective advantages and join forces to build cars.
It's a product layout: the Haaweilnside solution provides a "1+5+n" intelligent product. It's a self-researched cc (computing/communicatin, computing + communications) architecture that offers three platforms.
Together, we will accelerate intelligent development 4.2, Chang-An-Wu-Wu-Ning, a new platform for the Ningde era, Chn-Nin-Nind and a new brand for Avita-Nang-Wong-Wah, and a new brand for the Nin-Ning era.
Unlike the current partnership between Ningde and most of the country’s automobile companies, China is now known as a gold brand upgrade. The Chn architecture is designed to work together on the application of platform technologies such as ecology, vehicleos, computing and communication structures, high-pressure systems, and chassis machines, based on the three-way advantage of capabilities. With Wallau, Ningde, Aveta will be the key to the new energy track for the long-an-car race.
After the great fox Alphas, China was the second new vehicle to participate.
Together, we'll accelerate the development of intelligence, 4.2, Chang-An-Wan-Wu, and we'll build a new platform for the Ningde era.
Aveta 11 locates the 35-450,000 dollar market, which is competitive, with: 1) the size of the car close to the gold scale, with 4880 mm*1970*1601 mm, with an axle range of 2975 mm; 2) powered with a tri-dollar lithium battery package using the latest generation of the Nender-era ctp technology, with a total capacity of 90.38kwh, and a diveone power system with a peak power of 425kw and a 100 km acceleration of 3.98 seconds; 3) fast-loaded platform with a maximum power charge of 750v
Up to 240kw, with a maximum capacity of 10 minutes and an increase of 200 km in continued flights; 4) brain hardware redundancy, 3 laser radars, 6 mm wave radars, 12 ultrasound radars, 13 cameras, and 400tops with high numeracy, can achieve a higher level of auxiliary driving capability.
In 2022, the Autonomous Cores series of cs was strong after the replacement; the model of the un series was further refined and the sales continued to go up. At the same time, the powered product cycle has arrived, many of the powerful new cars are expected to be on the market, and the GSF is expected to hit the sales target of 2.45 million vehicles throughout the year in 2022. 2022q1 collected $34.58 billion, corresponding to +8.0%.
• Taking into account the continued release of the company ' s high-profit model cs 55/75plus, and the continued upswing of the un series, we predict the company ' s combined Māori in 2022, and we select two autonomous cars in the industry (Grand Wall, Biadi) as comparable companies with a comparable average of 73x and 45x in 2022/2023.
The company’s traditional fuel-car business, based on technology and brand build-up, is expected to add up. Companies will benefit fully from industrial policy, looking at improved profitability of corporate brand ownership, the imminent listing of many new vehicles, the accelerated transformation of electric intelligence, and a clear medium- and long-term logic to maintain a “recommended” rating.
1. Operating risk: the over-expected impact of real estate on consumption squeezes, the continuing low consumer markets and the risks of industry growth are not as high as expected. 2. Market risk: performance during the replenishment cycle is predominant, with some high value companies failing to perform as expected. 3. Upstream raw material risk: higher upstream raw material cost is expected to restore the industry ' s low Māori rate.
4. Policy risks: Significant adjustments in industrial policies expose companies to higher industrial risks, leading to less than expected orders.5 Technology risks: technology development processes for new products are less than expected.6 Other risks: global chip constraints on domestic automotive supply are higher than expected, resulting in less than expected sales.
People’s “new” motorists’ team: The findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and researchers have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report. SMSC (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for securities investment consultancy licensed by the CVM.
This report does not constitute an investment proposal for the client. It should not be considered as an offer or invitation to buy or sell any securities or financial instruments. The views and recommendations contained in this report do not take into account the particular situation of individual customers.