Longan car (000625.sz) The brand continues to grow upwards, with a huge increase in performance.
The company’s announcement in 2022 and the company’s brand has continued upwards, the product structure has continued to be optimized, and the profitability of the autonomous brand has continued to rise. The new product is deep-bluely positioning the new energy mainstream market, and the company’s branding has continued to rise.
Long An Deep Blue is a brand-new digital pure electricity for long An vehicles, and the first strategic model Sl03 is open for sale at a price range of $1798,000 to $23.18 million. Long An Deep Blue Sl03 has three power models: pure electric, incremental, hydrogen fuel cell version, for the mainstream new energy market, and is primarily priced.
Compared to this, smart configuration is rich, filling the company's 200,000-dollar net sedan market gap, selling a target of 10 to 15,000 vehicles per month, which is expected to start delivery in August; the second product is suv, which will maintain a firm annual push for entrepreneurship for the third time and accelerate strategic transformation.
Digital drivers, efficiency gains” are key, services are building new development patterns, and a third firm push for entrepreneurship was made in 2021, with sales of 2.31 million vehicles achieved throughout the year, an increase of 14.8 per cent compared to the previous year, city share of 0.8 percentage points compared to the previous, returning to the fourth place in the Automobile Group; Chang An was the Chinese brand car sales.
17,55,000 vehicles, a 16.7 per cent increase in the same year, are the second largest in the industry; Chinese brands are the second second largest in the industry. In 2022, the Group ' s overall objective was 2.45 million vehicles (target + 6.5 per cent), and the Chang An (000625.sz) - Deep Blue Sl03 announces a pre-sale price to locate the main market.
According to the brand, Chang-Ann hit 1 million production and sales, Ershan 250,000, Kai-Cheng 200,000, KIN-Long-Aan -- 000625-2020h1 performance forecast: performance is in line with foreign and new energy shocks of 200,000 each this year, Chang-Amford 350,000, and Madha 200,000 each.
"Long An Car -- 000625 -- Critical Events Expedition: Autonomy is going up, and it's working together, and "Long An Car -- 000625 - August 2020: An increase in approval, August sales, four major transformations in support, branding, products, and service modes are expected to benefit from the opportunities of self-empowerment.
On 14 July 2022, Chang-An issued a 2022 car with a significant increase in performance compared to the previous year, mainly as a result of the Aveta non-recurrent gains and the company ' s continuous upward product structure.
In March 2022, Avita technology completed a capital build-up, the Chang An vehicle was transferred from holding to equity, and Avita used the equity method for follow-up accounting, adding $2.13 billion in non-recurrent gains and losses during the quarter.
Products continue to rise upwards, and corporate profitability is rising steadily. Companies have increased their productivity in recent years, their profitability has not increased, their capacity to control fees has increased, and management costs have declined significantly.
The branding of the new deep-blue location of the new energy mainstream market is on the rise. On June 25, the opening of the Chongqing car, which officially opened a pre-sale price range of $179.98 million to $23.18 million, the intelligent configuration is rich, the entire Department is filling the gap in the market for $200,000 of pure electric cars, and the monthly sales target of 10,000 to 15,000 vehicles is expected to start delivery in August.
A deep blue sl03 was launched with three power-driven models: pure electric, incremental, hydrogen fuel cell, detailed information on pure electrical and incremental model was published at the launch, and the hydrogen fuel cell version is still to be released. Deep blue sl03 is based on the long-anepa1 pure platform, attached to the long-sleeved blue flag, and sl03 is wide.
The height is 4820*1890*1480 mm, with an axle range of 2900 mm, a width ratio of 0.78 and an axle length ratio of 0.6, and the wind resistance factor is as low as 0.23cd through overall aerodynamic optimization of the body of the vehicle as a whole.
The latter can show vehicle file information (p, r, n, d) and can also upgrade the ota, expand the lighting library, and show more scene animation. At the same time, with the design of the open door and the back-up back door, the vehicle's bloated interiors are significantly upgraded.
Sunflower screens, advanced cortex puncture chairs, electric hidden vents, 1.9 m2 skyscreens, silver rivers, light panels, 14 speakers; high-car-loaded low-e glass with 99% UV effectively blocked, separated by 12: long-deep blue sl03 interiors
In terms of technology configuration, long and deep blue sl03 has high arithmetic, zero-sense digital intelligence feedback, using high-fibre 815 car code chipes, ar-hud, 3d holo-face insensitive login, digital bluetooth keys and nfc card keys, and has a full cabin smart scenario model.
With regard to the three power systems, the new generation of ultra-assembly-driven systems of the deep-blue full-power digital platform, with 95 per cent maximum efficiency, has 163 patents that can contribute to the low-energy consumption of the entire vehicle and drive industry to high power density.
The combined effect of the first global micronuclear HF pulse heating technology, carried by the ultra-accumulative power drive, can achieve a 4°C/minute temperature rise in cells in a ~30°C environment, with low-temperature power at a combination of a number of major innovations, such as the randomly-modified gbt open control, high-frequency pulses and Nvh balancing algorithms, core safety and lifetime control, power system durability design, etc.
More than 50% of the rise, lower-temperature charge time reduced by more than 15%, and overall improvements in the use of trains in winter. The All Power Digital Platform will also be equipped with a number of industries with a heavy weight of technology to lead the future new energy city with a stronger combination of sl03, which is less priced than a competitively intelligent configuration.
Large, the axle range exceeds the B-class standard, the wind barrier is as low as 0.23cd, comparable to the model3 level, and the ar-hud product matrix is rich and is expected to benefit fully from the growth of policies. Under the consumer demand boosted by this round of acquisition taxes, we believe that high-quality fuel companies with a rich product matrix (low-oil solar class is expected to be a bright spot) and
The benefits are expected to be given priority to new energy vehicles with strong product power, new product cycles, and high-quality car parts and components (Byadi, Uri and Hwa as industrial chains). The number of cars benefiting from the 1.6-2l platoon is high, the autonomous brand uni +cs new cycle, the build-up of new energy deep blue brands, and the business product cycle.
Figure 15: Annual sales in the long Ancs and uni series (millions), E-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T, 12.3-inch double screens, 540-O-T-H-T-H-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T.
Large-screen skylights, 6 airbags, 6 whole-system labels and high-value product experiences for users. (2) Univ was listed in March of this year, with an official price range of $108.9 million to $131.9 million, with a sneaking back design, with a strong sense of movement in the whole car, with electric lifts and tails, and an un-k design in the interior.
In the first half of the first half of 2022, the company's goal was almost half complete.
Of these, the Group had an overall target of 1.12 million vehicles (up to 6 per cent) and, by brand, 630,000 (up to 5 per cent); 100,000 (up to 94 per cent) sold overseas; 85,000 (up to 128 per cent) sold autonomous new energy sources, 110,000 (up to 7 per cent) and 60,000 (up to 6 per cent).
To promote entrepreneurship for the third time, and to accelerate strategic transformation. With the key to “resolved transformation, innovation breakthroughs, digital drivers, and efficiency gains”, the new development landscape of services is built, the third entrepreneurship-innovation initiative is firmly advanced.
In 2021, sales volume increased by 14.8 per cent over the year, with the corresponding increase of 0.8 percentage points in the city, returning to the fourth place in the Automobile Group; Chang An, a Chinese branded car sales of 1.75 million vehicles, a 16.7 per cent increase over the same year, ranked second in the industry; and Chinese brands, a narrow-rider enterprise, ranked second in the industry.
Innovative marketing models for future competition, enhanced top-level planning, and the creation of corporate smart marketing centres. Corporate systems, WFJC channels, eco-planning, sharing and light assetization channels change scenes and group channels.
Resources are used efficiently. The framework of the uniservice service system has been built, the three industries in the five cities have been built up to enter into a pilot business, and services such as smart security, magic-changed curry reservations have been officially launched, providing users with an innovative service model that is “efficient, easy, smart and proactive”.
Organizational restructuring: small headquarters, career groups, shared platforms, and incubation innovations. The business community refers to several departments within Chang-Ang, the core functions of which are mainly user research, branding and marketing of products, and the shared platform, which means that all resources that the group can share must be fully integrated and shared, including human resources.
In addition, by creating new subsidiaries, companies have re-constructed completely different management mechanisms and incentives from traditional institutions. Accelerating the pace of strategic transformation and further optimizing the industrial layout.
The first smart product, the Beidou Sky Constabulary, was launched in 2021. The Apa6.0 Remote Smart Parking System was launched, supporting automatic location search within 30 m, remote parking control via mobile phones, with small parking spaces reaching industry-level leadership; volume-ar navigation, 4 screen combinations, motion control, track mode, smart welcomers, etc.
The remaining industries are leading the smart pods and smart car controls, which give users excellent driving experience. (2) With regard to the new energy layout, the product output layout is optimized in a comprehensive manner, and the Shangri-La project is moving at a more robust pace.
The domain controller, Svdc, has launched an autonomous research and development programme for high-expanding, high-compatibility, high-utility, compact power grids. It works with companies such as China-China Lithium, Ningde, etc. to upgrade new energy products for battery safety and basic performance.
One hundred and fifty-five,651.8 million vehicles sold, with the GLAG group as a whole selling 245,295.3 million vehicles, divided by the company's smart layout early, while focusing on the four major transformations in the promotion, branding, products, and service modes, which are expected to benefit from the opportunities of self-empowerment.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject