Electric intelligence is accelerating, new power cars are starting a strong cycle, and the long car (000625.sz) is on the 14th of September, 2022.
• Three business start-up client demand controls, electric intelligence rapid growth, new energy vehicle product cycles up, Chang-An is a Chinese four-group venture, moving to a product definition system centred on customer demand and intelligent and new energy. The company has now built epa1, chn.
Pure power platforms and blue whale idd hybrid systems, and dedicated to intelligent technology development. 2022 pure electricity, deep blue sl03, avita 11, and lumin have strong product power, and the traditional car-type hybrid transition will also contribute significant sales to companies. The un series, deep blue, avita will also promote the high-end of their own branding.
A fast growth in the sale of cars, which for the first time covers a "buy-in" rating. Power, blending platforms and smart technology development speed up, enabling high performance products (1) pure power: company self-researched epa1 platform, compatible with incremental and hydrogen power lines and high
Efficiency, high performance, intelligence, and high safety features; co-built a chn platform with the Chinese-Ninder era, with platform power performance and smart hardware configuration leading. (2) Mixed aspects: Blue whale tri-ionic transformer plus blue whale ne1.5t mix engine plus large capacity phev battery+id smart control system plus blue whales
In 2022, the APA 7.0 Autonomous Parking System will be achieved, and a high-speed road a-point-b-point navigational driving support system will be achieved. Powerful electric power, smart technology, is expected to contribute to the creation of high-quality products.
(1) Pure electricity: Deep blue sl03 with eye-snugning design versus high value, with orders exceeding 40,000 by the end of August; Aveta 11 with larger space, more dynamic and intelligent configurations, 20,000 by the end of August; Lumin with lovely appearances, larger space and a richer security and intelligence
In July, it was sold by 7,000. (2) Combination: un-kidd, Oshanz6id, etc., will be transformed into a hybrid model, which is expected to contribute significantly to the hybrid model of strong power plus oil. (3) Autonomous brands go up: un series, deep blue, Avita-type high-end branding.
In more than 30 years, three entrepreneurships have accelerated the shift in client demand from the control to the electrical intelligence.
National Warfare and Equipment Group Ltd., the four largest groups of Chinese automobiles, with its 160-year history, 38-year car build-up, 14 production bases, 33 whole-cars, motors, and speed changers plants, and more than 70 co-operative overseas countries and territories. Third entrepreneurship started in 2017, and “Third Entrepreneurship –” was officially published in 2018.
An innovative entrepreneurship programme, driven by innovation, builds efficiency into the core competitiveness of the organization and focuses on four main dimensions of the transition: a shift from service to business customers; a shift from business products to business brands; a shift from traditional products to intellectual + new energy products; a shift from product to service to product + service + mobility solutions.
In 1984, Chang An entered the car industry, starting with a third business start in 2017. The company has an autonomous + joint brand-rich vehicle matrix, which covers the suv+ sedans + mpv, with a major layout market of $5-20 million, and deep blue + Avita is expected to help.
Oshan, Dark Blue, Aveta's four autonomous brands in the car plus the car in the Keyston commercial vehicle, and Ford+Majeda's joint venture table. Of these, traditional auto tags cover the suv+supvs, including suv+surges, succs, uni, Oshans, fresh arc, glittering, running, limo in Lumins+sangs.
mpv, the main layout is a $5-20 million market. The deep blue and high-end Aveta brands are well positioned, and it is expected to push for a high-end autonomous brand. Figure 2: Corporate ownership + joint brand rich vehicle matrix
Figure 3: Corporate ownership of Suv+ sedans + mpv (millions of US dollars) Joint ventures, with Chang Anfort and Majuda contributing the main sales, and the "Fort China 2.0" strategy, which drives the New Car Week. Prior to 2012, Chang An’s joint venture brand included, inter alia, Long An Fortma and Chang Antma Shaoki, representing the model of the car.
For the long Anfortma self-driving car Fox, Maededa 3, Mondior and the long suzuki car Oto, antelope, etc. Since 2013, the long Anfortma self-drawn into the long Anfort and the long Anma self-drawn, with the introduction of the long Antx, the main car, the long Anfort car Fox, the Mondio +suv Wing Tiger, the sharp line and the long Antoma.
In 2016, long Anfort sales peaked at 944,000 and long Amma sales reached 190 thousand. Since 2017, the industry’s downside and joint branding cycle has declined, and in 2020 joint brand sales have benefited from the "Fort China 2.0" strategy, and the sales of long Anfort have recovered.
A year ago, the main model of the long and autonomous brand was a van, such as a car, such as a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a van, a van, a car, a car, a van, a car, a car, a van, a van, a van, a van, a van, a van, a van, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, and a car, and a few, a car, a car, a car, a car, a few cars, a few cars, a few days a few days a few days a few days a few days a few days a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago, a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year a year a year a year ago a year ago a year ago a year a year a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year a year ago a year ago a year a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year ago a year
The demand for overdrafts has led to a downward shift in demand and a decline in autonomous sales. Since 2019, the self-empowerment cycle, which benefits from new energy cars, has led to a three-time recovery of autonomous brand sales, and the launch of the un series of products, which contributed nearly 120,000 sales in 2021.
Figure 4: A rise in autonomous sales since 2019 (thousands of vehicles) Figure 5: Increased percentage of autonomous municipalities since 2018 Top-level design reforms are expected to boost single-car success rates, and subsequent electric models are expected to benefit.
Following the second business start-up programme, the company (1) focused on client needs and designed a vehicle model that is more focused on client needs than on competitive matching; (2) implemented organizational optimization and re-engineering and promoted the transformation of the organization “Small Headquarters + Enterprise + Shared Platform + Incubation Innovation” to form a matrix, flat-level management model and more flexible institutions; (3) continued innovation and implementation of incentives
Senior-level hiring, iterative projects and investment mechanisms, and core employee equity incentives fully stimulate the enterprise. The high sales of the vehicle model based on this basis, for example, cs75plus, followed by the second half of 2019, with larger space and power, are second in the long run, with a peak of 40,000 vehicles at the same time.
uni-v, with a stronger power and a higher profile, marketed and marketed more than 15,000 vehicles in July, is expected to be second in competition. The next electric model, such as Deep Blue Sl03, is also expected to benefit from the transition. The fuel + new energy vehicle cycle was stronger in 2022. In 2022, Chang An will launch 36 new cars.
Autonomous branded vehicles account for 19 of these items, including 9 brand new products plus 10 modified products, while companies accelerate their move to new energy sources plus, un-v, Oshanz6, and the remodels of un-k, uni-t, etc. are also scheduled to be marketed in 2022; among the blended new items, un-kiddd, Oshanzid6idd are on the market and are expected to be marketed in the second half of the year;
Of the pure electricity new items, long Anlumin, long-an-Sl03 was marketed, along with Chang-Ann, Ning-de-Yong, and Hwa's first car, Avita 11, on August 8. 1.2, Autonomous plates and charting profits, and brands led to higher profitability.
Autonomous plates and profit increases, with an improved income structure raising the Māori ratio of 2022h1 to 19.8 per cent, accompanied by the power of the series of Uni, Oshan and cs, with companies earning $10.540 billion in 2021, or +24.3 per cent, while 2022h1 received 56.570 million, or 0.4 per cent, of the same year, mainly as a result of sales of 2022q2 affected by the epidemic.
In 2020, the Autonomous Blocks and the Realization of Profit was accompanied by a fall in the cost of the period due to the growth of Autonomous Marketing, the spread of high Maori products such as uni and the effect of scale, the increase in corporate profitability, and the loss of corporate control over Aveta ' s technology in 2021, mainly due to the company ' s loss of control over the rest of the stock, which was re-measured at fair value by $2.13 billion +
The increase in the Māori rate as a result of improved income structure accelerates in electric intelligence, strong R & D boosts technological innovation 2.1, pure electricity, mixed power, and new energy strategies accelerate to the ground
2.1.1 Five years of grinding, all-power digital platforms are sharp, and the world's first-ever full-power digital platform, with high efficiency, intelligence, security and so on. On April 21, 2022, the long-an-deep blue launch of the first global full-power digital platform, the epa1 platform, was based on pure electricity, while expanding the range,
(a) Perfectly efficient, performance-efficient, intelligent and high-security integration in the form of complementary energy, such as hydrogen fuel cells: (1) Efficient: the new generation of super-assembly-driven systems with maximum efficiency of 95 per cent using technologies such as eight-story flat-line rounding, rotor double-v-top configurations, ultra-low-disruption lines, self-adaptation control algorithms and low-resistence array architecture optimization;
The nuclear high frequency pulse heating technology achieves a temperature rise of 4°C/minute in a ~30°C environment, reducing the time for low-temperature charge by more than 15%, and a low-temperature power increase by more than 50%. On this basis, power-driven power efficiency can be as high as 78%, while (2) high performance: later gene, four-wheel drive, single power with a maximum output power capacity of 190kw, mounted head.
Deep blue sl03 measured 100 km acceleration by 5.9s; high-arm, multi-arm, stand-alone suspension system and the latest generation of braking double redundancy system can shorten the brake distance + suspension follow-up after lift; a 50:50 front and back axle charge ratio and wide vehicle body, low-heavy chassis design that lifts the brake, side-dump control and turn-on response.
(3) High-intelligence: Three main domain control structures are in place for vehicle control, airspace and self-driving, supporting soa service plating and global accelerator ota: A fully autonomous deep integrated area controller with a fully-owned deep-area control with a high 8155 chip; an intelligent-driving domain controller with a total of 27 perceptive components capable of achieving class 1-4 autopilot.
(4) High security: platform security (with a five-and-nine-banded body design with a high-intensity steel ratio of 81 per cent) + information security (5+1 information security and privacy protection strategy) + battery security (ibc digital battery piper).
On June 25, 2022, the Chang An vehicle (entitled to develop and produce the entire vehicle), Hua-chan (enabling intelligent driving, smart cabin, critical parts of the electric car), Ninder, working together (enabling power cells), launched the Chn platform, with mechanical, energy, electronics.
Electrical architecture layer, whole-car operating system layer, whole-car function application layer, cloud large data layer six-storey structure distribution, decoupling the depth of hardware and software, actually achieving digital definition of cars. The platform was born with a powerful capability of high integration, high extension, high performance, high continuity, high safety, high computing, high intelligence, evolutiability, top-heavy, top-heavy, top-heavy, top-heavy, top-heavy, top-heavy.
The epa1 and chn platforms have a high performance and are expected to help companies build high-quality products. The epa1 platform is more advanced in power-driven integration, maximum charger voltage, continuity mileage, and the single engine version accelerates by 5.9s by 100 km.
Two-power version performance period, which is compatible with incremental and hydrogen fuel cell technology routes and can be operated automatically at a maximum of 1-4 level; the Chn platform has a definite advantage in power performance such as maximum power, 100 km acceleration, and a smart driving program. A platform with a strong power and smart performance is expected to help.
2.1.3 A mix of performance and oil-saving features, the hybrid system is catching up with four core components that are extremely dynamic and vehicle-economic.
Fuel trucks stabilize genes, motor + six-stage transformer combinations, are reduced by electrical and battery decay, ensuring power stability in high-temperature and multi-scene scenarios; (3) integrate power-driven properties and achieve low-speed scenario pure power drive to compensate for fuel vehicle fuel consumption; high power response compensates for low-speed engine response, which is more vulnerable than conventional fuel trucks.
Quicker, more fluid power experience. And the architecture is very demanding for the autonomous development of the mainframe transformer and integration capability.
90%. The Blue Whale Triple Ionization Transmitter combines a special blue whale ne1.5t hybrid engine, a large capacity phev battery and an idd smart control system to create a blue whale idd hybrid system that achieves extreme power and balances the economics of vehicles, and achieves full-time, global-temperature, global-area, full-time, full-time vehicle requirements.
The long-anid hybrid system is catching up, with lower fuel consumption for some of the vehicle-based feeders. The long-an-lane idd hybrid system uses a p2 structure that focuses more on power, with better indicators in high-speed road conditions, and a slightly higher fuel consumption in cities, with a more fuel economy in the p1+p3 architecture.
Different technical routes are characterized, and different cars can choose according to their technological advantages and pattern. Long Anuni-kidd feeders consume only 5l/100km compared to the same class, and are relatively low-priced and relatively high-valued. z6id feeders are slightly more expensive but still less expensive than fuel trucks of the same class (e.g., fuel tankers).
Starfleet: 6.8l/100km, Hondacr-v: 6.4l/100km), with a slightly larger space than the same level of vehicle. uni-v idd is expected to be on the market in the second half of the year, and Chang-Ann’s partially-owned brand model will continue to carry the idd hybrid system, with a higher mix of performance, and the company will be expected to build a higher-product plug-in hybrid model.
2.2. Intelligentity continues to evolve, building long-term barriers to competition 2.2.1, continuing to build smart products that are capable of leading the way, and the Beidou Sky Constabulary project has been robust in its efforts to promote industrial layout and cooperation, with a focus on intelligent development strategies. In August 2018, companies released intelligence.
The strategy, the Beidou Sky Constituency, aims to transform from traditional car-making to smart-driving technology companies, with the launch of a class I4 smart-driving product in 2025 and the construction of a class I4 Autodriving Smart Open Platform. The company is also actively working with partners to build an all-time smart-driving development capability, 2018.
In addition, the company will focus on areas such as chip, operating system, core algorithms, and will deepen its work with China.
In 2018, the company launched its smart strategy, the Bei Doo Sky Constabulary, which continues to evolve, with high-speed, urban-scenes intelligent driving accelerating down the ground.
More than 200 core technologies, apa6.0 and so on, achieving more than 70 items of icc, apa6.0, smart voice, flying screen interaction, etc.
Blue sl03 will achieve the apa7.0 autonomous passenger parking system and will upgrade the navigational support system from point a to point b of the high-speed road; and Aveta 011 will carry the urban telecommuting support system, which can be used for road selection, overloading, perimeter control, speed limits, parking, etc., based on information such as red green lights, navigation and road conditions.
Table 10: Long-Ann's intelligent motor structure continues to evolve, based on a platform of car-wide electronic and electrical structures, building the capacity of the v3.0ota access to support the entertainment, car control and more than 10 controllers (including ibcm, ibcm, ibcm, etc.)
(b) 2 - The development of the ciia 2.0 architecture (car-wide control, smart driving, smart cabin three domain controllers + smart cloud platform) is expected to be completed by 2022, the quasi-central structure was completed in 2023, and the central structure was completed in 2025, reaching industry leadership.
The Chang An vehicle has basically acquired the capability of autopilot-aided back-to-back development. A number of products such as acc/iacc/aeb/fcw/apa have been delivered in bulk, of which technologies such as aeb-p, iacc, apa4.0/5.0/6.0 have been introduced by the Chinese brand. Level 1 driver-assisted technology has been widely applied; level 2 autopilot technology has been produced in real terms; level 1 has been published with limited autopilot technology; level 1 has completed phase 4 autopilot technology demonstration experience.
Parking scenes: Apa6.0 of the global first remote passenger parking system has been boarded by uni-v in March 2022; 2 and Sl03 will achieve the Apa7.0 autonomous passenger parking system, the product of which was officially marketed on 25 July 2022.
High-level intelligent driving support systems have been installed on uni-v in March 2022.
(b) 2 Long-Advanced Blue Sl03 will upgrade the navigational driving support system from point a to point b of the high-speed road, and the product was officially marketed on 25 July 2022.1 The Chang-Ann vehicle, uni-t, carries up to 28 smart driving functions using 5r5v12u1hpp structures, especially traffic congestion autopilots at level 1-3;
2. On the scene of the city, the first emotional-smart electric sedan running suv Aveta 011 of the Chang An high-end brand carries the urban telecommuting support system, which can be used to perform road selection, overcarrying, ring control, speed limits, parking, etc., based on information such as red green lights, navigation and road conditions.
Continued development of the validation environment, resulting in a well-developed software definition of auto digital services ecosystems. 1 Application layer: capability to develop and customize vehicle control applications (e.g. bcm\peps\tpms\ip\lcm); 2 Mesospheric layer: fully self-developed intermediate software platform, modular configuration of the software architecture based on industry standards at autosar in the tool chain, software
Avita 11 smart hardware is better equipped with deep blue sl03 for high-speed assistive driving. All major brands have the ability to perform high-speed, assistive driving functions.
The Aveta 11 chip has an advantage of 400 tops. 2.2.2, the ItoI solution, the intelligent co-operation step 1+5+n, the smart-car solution, the flag-loaded-out-intelligent power.
An incremental component provider in the area of smart network cars, designed to help cars build. Hi (huawaiinside) model, branded series of cars will be a "1+5+n" full-time smart car solution, with one computing and communication structure (distributed network plus 3 domain controllers), smart electric power plus smart network links plus smart driving plus smart seating
+ smart car cloud service 5 major smart systems and a complete set of components, including laser radars, ar-hud. Specifically, three computing platforms and intelligence systems, namely, smart driving mdc, smart cabin cdc, smart car control vdc, smart seat hos, smart car control vols.
Car Solution, Avita brand intelligence built by Chang An and Hua in partnership with Ningde. Figure 17: Wa with 1 major computing and communication architecture + 5 major smart systems. Figure 18: Wa with smart car solution with 1 computing and communication architecture.
Figure 20: HW has three computing platforms and three operating systems
3.1. Deep blue sl03: The high value-for-service long-assurance brand is officially on the market, positioning the medium-sized vehicle market with pure power/exposure/hydrogen power. (1) Designed tossing: five doors for back-up, accompanied by open doors, electric hidden door handles, 19-inch closed wheels, suspension.
Designed for technology such as floating energy tails; (ii) power: epa1 full power digital platform first-size vehicle with long-range vehicles, new generation superconductor with single power at the fastest speed of 5.9s, pure electrical renewal of 515/705km, extension of 1,200km (of which 200km is pure), hydrogen renewal of 730km; (iii) smart configuration: smart cabin.
High access to 8155 chips with an ar-hud function; smart driving, marked with an iac integrated self-adapted cruise capability, with nid 3.0 pilot and apa7.0 remote passenger parking service.
A larger range and a longer maximum range; with a higher value for value, between 150,000 and 200,000 yuan is provided for the configuration of 200,000 to 300,000 yuan in inter-area vehicles, such as open doors, aar-hud upshows, etc., and the price is still mainly in competition with fuel trucks.
Personalized configurations with a stronger sense of motion (back lift), longer axle range, lower fuel consumption (additional version) and smart cabins and smart driving combinations, with unboxed doors, electric hidden door knobs, sunflower control screens, 3d holo-face login, etc., are expected to take over the 150,000-2 million fuel truck market and drive Chang An's brand upwards.
More powerful products, deep blue sl03. The monthly sales of the competitive car have been maintained at 12,000. In my minutes, the order has passed 10,000. By 31 August, the order had exceeded 40,000, showing the strength of the product. The company has also accelerated the construction of channels to support the sale of the model, and will build more than 600 deep throughout the country in 2022.
Blue space and 300 delivery centres will also be built to fully meet users’ protection needs. According to the company ' s semi-annual performance statement in 2022, the second product, Suvc673, will be launched in 2023.
700,000 new products completed by 2030, with a sales volume of 1 million. Figure 21: Deep blue sl03 stable at 1 to 20 thousand (car) per month. Figure 22: Deep blue sl03 annual sales generally exceed 100,000 (car) per year
Aveta 11: Electric intelligence leads, Chn endorses the creation of a high-quality product, Aveta 11 is based on the initial model built by the Chn platform, and is located in large suv, mainly for middle- and high-end consumers, and is dedicated to building an emotional-smart electric car.
Big space + power + strong intelligence support sales up. Teslamodery and Urees 6, Avi Tower 11 have (i) greater space: an axle range of 2975 mm, giving better driving experience inside the vehicle; (ii) power performance.
Power: maximum power of 425kw with better parameters; speed of acceleration of 100 km up to 3.98s, close to the most rapid 100km acceleration time for motory; power cell power up to 116.79kwh, maximum range of 680km, better than modely and es6; pioneer application of 750v high voltage platform with a maximum power charge of 240kw,
The 10-minute extension increases 200 km; (3) the smart configuration leads: three laser radars, with 400tops numeric power, combined with the vols smart car operating system, the harmonyos engine operating system, the aos operating system, and the ability to drive an operating system that can lead to high-level intelligent driving in complex urban roads, with the potential to create a better intellectual experience.
By the end of August, the Aveta 11 order had passed 20,000, and the construction of channels and production capacity would have facilitated sales. In July, the competitive model Modely sold more than 15,000 and the es6 sold more than 5,000, and we believe that Avita 11 is more competitive, with the advantage of design and electro-intelligent intelligence, according to its semi-annual performance statement of 2022.
At the end of August, Aveta’s 11 orders were over 20,000. At the same time, channels are being set up and capacity-building is facilitating sales.
In the second quarter, the first door shop was opened and plans were made to expand to the 100-city network throughout the year. In terms of production capacity, Aveta was produced at the Chongqing Chang An fish mouth base, a plant with a smart flexible production line, which can produce up to 350,000 vehicles per year.
Cute appearances + larger space + richer security and smart cabin configurations create another pure electro-traffic device. Lumin has (1) a relatively large space compared to the same class: longer and wider than the same class, more spacious and comfortable space; (2) a richer safety configuration: both master/subpilots are equipped with airbags and airbags.
The seatbelt has no alarm function; (3) a relatively rich smart cabin configuration: hidden door handles, no keys to start, no keys to enter, etc. are optional, with a control screen size of 10.25 inches, better than the other contestants. Meanwhile, the lumin is more dynamic than the Mitsubishi macrolight Mini, Chiriqq ice cream (overlapping price zones).
Sword refers to Mitsubishi macromini, and Lumin sold over 7,000 vehicles in July. The national miracle vehicle Mitsubishi macromini sold more than 25,000 vehicles a month, and Chireq ice cream and Chirwi ants sold more than 9,000 in July.
On June 10, when Lumin was listed for only 11 hours, the order broke 15,800 and, as of June 30, the order broke 3000, and in July the sales of Lumin had quickly climbed to 7412. We expect Lumin to make a significant increase, thanks to such advantages as appearance, space, security, and intelligent configuration.
The Chang-Ang vehicle is a Chinese four-largest group of cars, with a rich vehicle-type matrix, which forms two traditional auto-autonomous brands, O'Sang and the Kei-Cheng commercial vehicle, the new energy brand, and the joint-venture brand-a-master, which was dominated by Ford + Ma al-Dha. In July 2022, the Chang-Am Group achieved a total sale of cars.
132.70 million vehicles, of which FMC data show that long-and-along vehicles (which only included long-sleeved autonomy) were in the narrow sense of 2022, retailed 673,000 vehicles with a market share of 6.1 per cent.
The energy market, of which Deep Blue Sl03 has a high value for money and an incremental, pure power double configuration, has over 40,000 orders as of 31 August. According to the semi-annual company performance statement in 2022, q1 Long Blue will launch the second line of product, Suvc673, with a plan to complete five new product layouts by 2025 and sell them on a large scale.
With 700,000 vehicles, seven new products were completed by 2030, with a sales volume of 1 million. Lumin was equipped with cute appearances, larger space, richer security and smart cabins, and in July it was sold over 7,000. Long and deep blue and Lumin will accelerate the penetration of new energy vehicles.
Avita: Avita is a cooperative brand for Chang An, Ningde, and China, which is aimed primarily at mid-to-high-end consumers, and delivers.
By 2025, Aveta will have launched four brand-new vehicles with the potential to contribute to traditional autonomy: the traditional auto fleet consists mainly of the cs, uni, and Osang series. With the replacement of the moving models of cs75plus, cs55plus, the sale of the cs series is expected to boost; the un series will focus on the young market, un-v
In March 2022, with a stronger power and a higher profile, sales in July reached 15,000, and the listings of uni-kidd, uni-vidd and Oshanz6idd in 2022 are expected to accelerate the long-mixing transition. On the basis of this, we expect that the GTA will sell 263.8/310.5/3448 million cars in 2022-2024, respectively.
Car-type products are strong and have a strong competitive advantage in the trend toward electric intelligence, while high-end product volumes in the unie series will also drive traditional long-assue autonomous brands upwards, giving a “buy-in” rating for the first time. New-energy automobile sales are below expectations, power platforms, and intelligent technologies are not progressing as expected.