Chang An (000625.sz) reported an increase of 239 per cent in performance in the first half of the year and a continuous “upward” of brands
In the first half of the year, the company achieved 56.6 billion yuan, or -0.37 per cent, and a net profit on maternity (5,858 million yuan, or 1.321 billion yuan, or +51 per cent). The growth in performance in the first half of the year benefited mainly from the public sector.
The brand continues to rise, adding the Aveta Replenishment stock to its non-recurrent gains and losses. There is a steady increase in profitability and increased control of fees. The company’s product power continues to grow, its profitability continues to grow, and its brand continues to “up” and is rolled out in deep blue and Avita’s first model.
Value management, further deepening the “smart” “electricization” brand labels, moving the enabler brand upwards, with seven new and alternative products, such as cs75plus, uni-kidd, uni-v, Oshanz6 and Chang Anlumin, in the second half of the year, having a good resonance on the market.
On August 8, Aveta11 was officially listed, with 20,000 orders broken as of August 31. A third drive for entrepreneurship was made to accelerate strategic transformation.
Digital drivers, efficiency gains” are key, services are building new development patterns, and a third firm push for entrepreneurship was made in 2021, with sales of 2.31 million vehicles achieved throughout the year, an increase of 14.8 per cent compared to the previous year, city share of 0.8 percentage points compared to the previous, returning to the fourth place in the Automobile Group; Chang An was the Chinese brand car sales.
17,55,000 vehicles, a 16.7 per cent increase in the same year, are the second largest in the industry; the Chinese brand, which is a narrow car company, is ranked second in the industry in 2022, with an overall target of 2.45 million vehicles (the same target is +6.5 per cent).
Long An (000625.sz) - Deep Blue Sl03 announces a pre-sale price, identifies the main market, looks at the brand name: Chang An hit 1 million vehicles for sale, Ershan 250,000 and Kaich 200,000.
Overseas and new sources of energy hit 200,000 vehicles each this year, 350,000 in the long Anfort and 200,000 in the Madha. " Chang An -- 000625 -- Critical Events Rapid Review: Autonomy continues upwards, with unrecurring gains and losses from a combination of brands and brands that add avita up, with companies growing by 239% in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, performance growth was largely driven by a sustained upward trend in the company’s brand, which added to the Aveta stock build-up, resulting in non-recurrent gains and losses. Products continued upwards, and corporate profitability steadily increased.
In the first half of 2022, Māori reached a peak of 19.82 per cent in recent years, an increase of 4.50 pct over the same period; net corporate control capacity increased, and management cost rates dropped significantly. In the first half of 2022, the company “up” continued to be branded. Deep blue, Aveta’s first vehicle was rolled out. The company insisted on client experience as a guide.
To keep a close eye on users' needs, continuously developing product definition models to further improve the matching of products with users' needs. To continuously update the iterative product market equation, targeting fuel and Electrified products, life cycle and competition, further improving assumptions, individualizing configurations and driving software, etc.; to target new automobiles.
In the first half of the year, the company's second generation of cs75plus,
Uni-kidd, uni-v, Oshanz6 and Chang Anlumin, among other things, are new and alternative products, have a good impact on the market, and will be listed in the second half of the year with multiple electric and Electrified products and will continue to improve the layout of the product. On July 25, Deep Blue Sl03 was officially marketed with an extension of $168.9 million, with a single breakthrough of 10,000 in 33 minutes.
On August 8, Aveta 11 was officially listed, with 20,000 orders broken as of August 31, constantly investing in technology research and development, accelerating the transition to intelligent and new energy sources. Companies insist on innovation leading, continuing to increase their investment in science, technology and innovation, increasing their scientific and technological research and development capabilities, and increasing the ownership of core technologies.
In the new energy sector, autonomously developed long-an-Sept-a-Sense cores, multiple-a-Swiss power drives, respectively, yield and small batches, test production, and the rate of generalization of powered dedicated platforms has been raised to 86%. In the intelligence sector, smart parking systems have been achieved. Technology breakthroughs have resulted in un-v winning the Smart Parking Award for the 2022widc World Smart Driving Challenge; and piloting intelligence.
In the first half of the year, the company launched a blue whale idd hybrid power system, which won user approval when the first vehicle-car type uni-kidd was listed; the new digital pure electricity brand was launched in long blue, and the first car under the flag was launched in deep bluesl03 and pre-sold.
We'll be able to take advantage of the mainstream electric car market; we'll be working together to create the world's leading smart motor vehicle technology platform, Chn, Avita 11, and a limited Aveta 011.
Piloting the operation of a new smart marketing model that combines sales on-line with experience, best cost, and an abundance of existing product matrices, is expected to benefit fully from policy growth. Under this cycle of acquisition taxes to boost consumption demand, we believe that a high-quality fuel truck with a rich product matrix (low-oil solar class is expected to be a bright spot) and
The benefits are expected to be given priority to new energy vehicles with strong product power, new product cycles, and high-quality car parts and components (Byadi, Uri and Hwa as industrial chains). The number of cars benefiting from the 1.6-2l platoon is high, the autonomous brand uni +cs new cycle, the build-up of new energy deep blue brands, and the business product cycle.
With relative excellence, it is expected to enjoy the full range of the wheels. Miles, Eid 8at, a cross-sectional stream of lead light, 12.3 inches of double screens, 540° high-sight images, a large-screen viewing skylight, and six full-system logos for the airbags, bring high-value product experiences to users (2).
Univ was listed in March this year at an official price range of $108.9 million to $13.19 million, using a sneaking back design, with a strong sense of motorism throughout the vehicle, with electric lifts and tailings, a uni-k design style with an overall sense of technology and three multifunctional steering wheels, 12.3-inch liquid crystal control screens, and all.
In 2022, the JCG had an overall target of 2.45 million vehicles (target + 6.5%), with a sub-brand view, with an average of 350,000 vehicles, 350,000 vehicles and 200,000 vehicles. In the first half of 2022, the company's target was almost half complete.
Of these, the Group had an overall target of 1.12 million vehicles (up to 6 per cent) and, by brand, 630,000 vehicles (up to 5 per cent): 100,000 vehicles sold overseas (up to + 94 per cent); 85,000 vehicles sold autonomously for new energy sources (up to + 128 per cent); 110,000 vehicles sold for long Anfort (up to + 7 per cent); and 60,000 vehicles sold for Ma'ae (up to + 6 per cent).
To promote entrepreneurship for the third time, and to accelerate strategic transformation. With the key to “resolved transformation, innovation breakthroughs, digital drivers, and efficiency gains”, the new development landscape of services is built, the third entrepreneurship-innovation initiative is firmly advanced.
In 2021, sales volume increased by 14.8 per cent over the year, with the same percentage increase of 0.8 percentage points for the city, returning to the fourth place in the Automobile Group. Chang An was the Chinese branded car sales of 1.75 million vehicles, a 16.7 per cent increase compared to the same year, and ranked second in the industry; and Chinese brands were ranked second in the industry in the narrow use of vehicles.
Innovative marketing models for future competition, enhanced top-level planning, and group smart marketing centres. Corporate systems, Constabulary IUP, eco-planning, shared and light asset-based channel changes, group channels, efficient use of resources. Framework for uniservice service systems, with the five city trio built and built.
Pilot business, smart security, magic-changed curry appointments, etc., are officially online, providing users with an innovative service style of “efficiency & convenience, wisdom & initiative.” Organizational restructuring: small headquarters, career groups, shared platforms, and incubation innovation.
The core responsibilities of the Department of Enterprise, which is primarily user research, branding and marketing of products, are that all resources that the group can share must be integrated and fully shared, including human resources, manufacturing resources, research and development resources, and so on. In addition, companies have been reconfigured through the creation of new subsidiaries.
To accelerate the pace of strategic transformation and further optimize the layout of the industry. (1) In the case of intelligent driving, the “Beidou Sky Constabulary” is a powerful project.
The system, which supports automatic location within a 30-m range, controls remote parking by mobile phones, and the accuracy of small parking spaces to achieve industry leadership: volume-aar navigation, four-screen connections, gesture control, track mode, smart welcome guests, etc.
With regard to the energy layout, the product output layout has been optimized, and the Shangri-La program is moving at a more robust pace. A new generation of new technologies have been released, both super-collective and power-driven, to break through the battery zero-fire technology.
In cooperation with enterprises such as Lithium China, Ningde, etc., to upgrade new energy products for battery safety and basic performance. Planning for the conversion and upgrading of the factory, completion of the retesting of the Chongqing power-driven production line, and acceleration of “three sales of 125/165.8 million vehicles and the sale of the whole of the Zhang An group of 245,295.3 million vehicles, respectively.
The four major shifts in product and service modes are expected to benefit from the opportunities for autonomous rise. We maintain profit projections, and authors are expected to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.