Cheonan's car (000625.sz) is officially on the market in Deep Blue Sl03, with an extension of $168.9 million to start selling the car by car.
The sale price for SL03 is announced on the line, with a sales price of $169.89 million for the 1,200-plus version, $18.39 million for the 515 pure version, $21.59 million for the 730 pure version and $69.99 million for the 69.9 million for the 6930 hydrogen version.
The branding of the new deep blues in the new energy mainstream market is constantly rising. Of the five new energy brands, Aveta, Changan, Ui, Oshan, and Lumin series of the national bike, the deep blues are mainly oriented towards the middle end of the market. The long blues03 is the brand of the new digital pure electricity in the long blues.
Epa1 first strategic vehicle, equipped with low-e viewing skyscreens, 19 inches of wheels, electric backsliding doors, full rear wheel pure power drive, 14.6 inches of sunflower screens, borderless doors, etc., first delivery, i.e., Icc integrated self-conforming cruise functions, nid 3.0 + apa7.0 smart support driver
The second product is the launch of six to seven products a year ago.
We believe that a high-quality fuel company with a rich product matrix and a new energy company with strong product power, new product cycles and high-quality car parts and components are expected to benefit as a matter of priority.
In 2022, the JAG had an overall goal of 2.45 million vehicles (targets + 6.5%), with a sub-brand view, and a total of 24.5 million vehicles (targets + 6.5%).
Long An (000625.sz) - Deep Blue Sl03 announces a pre-sale price, locates the main market
The brand hit 200,000 targets, overseas and new energy hit 200,000 targets each this year.
In August 2020, the Chang-An Car Stock Exchange Review: An increase in sales in August is expected to benefit from the opportunities of self-empowerment, with four major transformations in support, branding, products, and service modes. Considering the acquisition tax policy, which stimulates the upturn in the market, the value-added investment returns are added to the Aveta quarterly assessment.
The whole-car research framework: industry background, business operations, stock price performance. Market-based investment in the whole car is mainly oriented towards sales. From the point of view of market value = profit * market rate: the key to the whole car is acceleration, the elasticity of the pe will give priority to the response, determining the direction of the stock price over the medium and long cycles; profit (profit capacity)
Validation in subsequent order cycles of the extent of short-term shocks in equity prices; the influence of factors ranging from the policy environment at the industry trend level, economic conditions, cyclical attributes, to products at the enterprise endowment level, management, raw materials, size, etc., for which the true value of the enterprise and industry is determined - disassembly, analysis, development and evaluation
At the heart of the idea of investing in cars. Under the consumption demand boosted by this cycle of acquisition taxes, we believe that high-quality fuel cars with a rich product matrix (low-oil solar class is expected to be the bright spot) and new ones with strong product power, new product cycles, and excellence.
Prospective benefits are expected to accrue to manufacturers of high-quality auto parts (Byadi, Ajiri, and Hua as industrial chains). The ratio of cars benefiting from 1.6-2l platoons is high, the Autonomous brand of the new car cycle of the uni +cs series, the build-up of the new energy-deep blue brand, and the business product cycle is relatively excellent, and it is expected to fully enjoy the full range of the wheel.
Ten thousand dollars, Al Xin, eight thousand dollars, cross-line fluid lead lights, 12.3 inches of double screens, 540 degrees of high-altitude panorama images, megascreen skylights, six whole-systems of airbags, and high-value product experiences for users. (2) Univ came to the market in March this year, with an official price range of $108.9 million to $13.19 million, using a sneaking back.
The model is designed with a strong sense of motion in the whole vehicle, accompanied by electric lift-down tails, an overall sense of technology using the un-k design style, three multifunctional steering wheels, a 12.3-inch LCD control screen, and a full LCD display of such technical sense configurations as the Triple Monitor.
In 2022, the Group had an overall target of 2.45 million vehicles (targets equal to +6.5 per cent), brands, brand names, brand names of Chang An, car-to-car impact of 1 million vehicles, Orshan brand hit a target of 250,000, Kaichen brand hit a target of 200,000 vehicles, targets, overseas and new sources of energy hit a target of 200,000 each this year, Chang Anfort hit a target of 350,000, and Majuda.
The price of pure electricity is $18.39 million, the price of 705 is $21.59 million and the price of 730 hydrogen is $69.99 million.
High-efficiency, high-performance, intelligent, and high-security features that effectively meet consumer demand by being power-driven only and without a mileage focus. Long-silent blues03 long-range widths of 4820*1890*1480mm, bearing an axle range of 2900 mm, with a high width ratio of 0.78.
The axle length ratio is 0.6, and the wind resistance factor is as low as 0.23cd through overall aerodynamic optimization of the body of the vehicle.
Multiple scene animations. At the same time, vehicle luxury is greatly enhanced by the design of an open door and a back door. Figure 6: Deep blue sl03 semi-body lights & cross-cutting taillights. Figure 7: Deep blue sl03 and backsliding tails.
Long An Deep Blue Sl03 built a smart cabin based on both multisensor and panorama principles that allows visual communication between human cars through ar-hud, 14.6-inch drive to sunflower screens, silver river panels, dms, internal cameras, etc.; voice exchange between human cars through high quality sound, smart voice assistants, master head pillows, etc.
It's also equipped with electric hidden vents, 1.9 m2 skyscreens, 14 loudspeakers to enhance the sense of technology; high-loaded low-low-e glass, which can effectively block 99% of UV.
Smart driving aids, deep blue sl03 with an integrated, icc-based self-adaptation cruise that allows for full-speed adaptation to cruises, road maintenance, traffic congestion aids, automatic emergency brakes, effective mitigation of high-speed and urban conditions, and driving fatigue, which delivers the first vehicles to clients.
Figure 10: Long Angry Blue Sl03 has a full-speed acc self-applied to cruise while sl03 carries smart assistive driving configurations such as apa7.0 and nid 3.0 with a nid 3.0 to provide full-speed self-adaptive parking, long-range parking and remote parking to maximize intelligence for users, as required by law
Auxiliary driving experience. At a discounted price of $20,000 for high-level smart pilot installation packages, 705 and 515 pure electric version users are scheduled for simultaneous use today, delivery is expected to start after December 31, and Sl03 is rich and priced low relative to the intelligent configuration of the competition. Long and deep blue Sl03 has high numeracy and zero sense.
Digital intelligence feedback, using high-level 8155 car code chip, 3d hologram, digital bluetooth, key with nfc card, full-barrel smart situational mode. body body data is bigger than motor3 and axle is above B class standards, wind resistance is as low as 0.23cd, ar-hud is even closer than the model3 level.
In addition, Deep Blue 03 provides a “first-in-a-kind” interest to an already booked user and completes a sl03 appointment prior to listing.
Users who have completed the booking within 48 hours of being listed will be entitled to a 10-year non-operable car master three-kilometre system, super-duration insurance, a free annual full-car in-depth medical examination, free basic traffic for life, free recreational traffic for five years.
“Breaking, digitally driven, efficiency-enhancing” is key, with services building new patterns of development, a firm push for a third entrepreneurship — innovative entrepreneurship plan, a long-ann automobile focused on size, city occupancy, profit enhancement, enhanced marketing traction, aggressive business-quality upgrading, 2021, with 2.31 million vehicles sold throughout the year, an increase of 14.8 per cent compared to the previous year, with a city-to-city ratio.
The same percentage increase of 0.8 percentage points to return to Automobile Group IV; Chang An is the Chinese branded car sales of 1.75 million vehicles, a 16.7 per cent increase in the same year, and the Chinese brand is the second largest in the industry.
Innovative marketing models for future competition, enhanced top-level planning, and group smart marketing centres. Corporate systems, Constabulary IUP, eco-planning, shared and light asset-based channel changes, group channels, efficient use of resources. Framework for uniservice service systems, with the five city trio built and built.
Pilot business, smart security, magic-changed curry appointments, etc., are officially online, providing users with an innovative service style of “efficiency & convenience, wisdom & initiative.” Organizational restructuring: small headquarters, career groups, shared platforms, and incubation innovation.
The core responsibilities of the Department of Enterprise, which is primarily user research, branding and marketing of products, are that all resources that the group can share must be integrated and fully shared, including human resources, manufacturing resources, research and development resources, and so on. In addition, companies have been reconfigured through the creation of new subsidiaries.
To accelerate the pace of strategic transformation and further optimize the layout of the industry. (1) In the case of intelligent driving, the “Beidou Sky Constabulary” is a powerful project.
The system, which supports automatic location search within 30 m, controls remote parking by mobile phones, and the accuracy of parking in small spaces reaches industry leadership; production-ar navigation, four-screen connections, gesture control, track mode, smart welcome guests, etc., provides excellent vehicle experience to users by leading ten more industries. (2) Newly available cars are used.
With regard to the energy layout, product production is optimized, and the Shangri-La program is moving at a more robust pace. A new generation of new technologies for super-collective power drive and power drive through battery zero-fire technology has been launched, a smart whole vehicle has been built, and the domain controller, "intellectual core"svdc, has introduced high-extenssion, high-compatibility, high-prevalence, high-prevalence tightness for autonomous research and development.
In cooperation with enterprises such as Lithium China, Ningde, etc., to upgrade new energy products for battery safety and basic performance. Planning for the conversion and upgrading of the factory, completion of the retesting of the Chongqing power-driven production line, and acceleration of “three sales of 125/165.8 million vehicles and the sale of the whole of the Zhang An group of 245,295.3 million vehicles, respectively.
Intelligent corporate layouts are early, while focusing on four major transformations in advocacy, brands, products and service modes, hopefully authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party, through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.