Cheonan (000625) Automobile autonomously literal, new energy vehicle operations ready for launch, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Recommended logic: 1) Led by high Māori models such as cs75plus, un series, company ownership has increased rapidly, profitability has continued to improve, with a net profit of $730 million in 2021 and a loss of profit; 2) Autonomous brand New Energy Development Year, based on epa/chn platforms, small, medium and high-end, respectively
With the introduction of targeted products in the field, 22h1 own brands sell 66,000 new vehicles by car, which represents a better outlook than the increase to 10.5 per cent; 3) Long Anfort sales are expected to grow faster in the second half of the year, driven by a new generation of vehicles such as Mondio, Lincolnz, Fox and four cylinders, with guaranteed returns on investment.
Autonomous brands: Fuel trucks are ballast stones, and new energy spaces are large. Since the company launched its Third Creation in 2018, the Shangri-La and the Bei Doo Sky Consorts have been introduced, and have been re-emerged under the heat of the cs and un series, and are now being used in major autonomous brands.
In the competition, companies have gradually emerged, with 22h1 companies owning 6.2 per cent of their cars, and with high innovation, the company's goal is to sell 3 million vehicles in 2025, or 14.3 per cent.
From the traditional oil-to-trailer model to the new exclusive power platform model, the results were lost this year. Listed as Lumi, based on the epao platform, Deep Blue Sl03, based on the epa1 platform, and Aveta 11, based on the high-end pure power brand built on the Chn platform, have enriched the company’s new energy model.
In 2020, the company removed bad business such as the long Anpsa, and the level of lubricant improved significantly. Since 2021, Chang Anfort's high-end has been remarkable, and Lincoln's sales in China in 21 have been significant.
92,000 vehicles, equal to +48 per cent, topping the market; 1.140 billion yuan in 2021 from investment returns on Anfort; 22q1 new generation of Mondio and Lincolnz with better results on the market; 22q3 Fox with a four-cylinder engine, expected to continue to raise sales. In September 2021, Chang Ammadha acquired a horse.
From 60% of shares, the combined sales of 2022h1 are 64,000 vehicles, or +5.5%. Overall, joint venture brand sales are expected to grow faster in the second half of the year as the industry recovers.
The scale effect has increased, the autonomous brand has become a new development dynamic for the company, with rapid growth in city occupancy, projected to be 22/23/24.
Assumption 3: the profits of the joint venture brand are improving, Ford's high-end transformation has been successful, and a new generation of Fox's four-cylinder products are on the market with the prospect of higher sales.
The highlight of the Chn platform, developed in partnership with China and the Ningde era, is the promotion of targeted products in small, medium-end, and high-end intelligentness. In the face of rising electrification penetration and the lack of clarity in current market patterns, companies are expected to gain a good share of the market through competitive models.
(1) Automobile sales of autonomous and new energy sources are higher than expected; (2) joint ventures are higher than expected; we have selected the four companies in the industry that are closest to Chang-Aan ' s automobile business, the Gas Group, the Great Wall Automobile, Biadi, with an average of 41 times per cent in 2022. Companies are expected to earn 1230, 1451 and 2022 respectively.
In combination with the valuation of the label company and the current business layout of the long-assed car, the company is given a license to cover the first “buy-in” rating. The risk of epidemic spread, the risk of chip shortages, the risk of higher prices for raw materials than expected, the amount of autonomous brand sales and profitability are low.
Risks are expected, new energy sales are less than expected, and joint venture brand sales are not restored as expected. 1 Company profile: long history, Chinese Car Development Witness 1.1 times entrepreneurship, high performance growth innovation
The company, known as Chongqing Changyan Motors, Inc., was founded in 1996 and placed on the market in 1997, looking back at the history of Chang An's car development, the company's predecessor dates back to the Shanghai Marine Artillery Bureau, established in 1862, and is now 160-year-old. During the 38-year drive, Chang An went through three entrepreneurships and was the result of changes in China's automobile development.
In 1984, along with the construction of the country's economy, the country embarked on a transition course for “military industrial production to civilian cars,” producing China's first small cars and officially moving into the field. In 2003, the Italian Design Centre was set up to open the global R & D layout of the vehicle.
In 2006, the company officially entered the use of vehicles, and in 2009, it became one of the four major groups of Chinese automobiles. In 2014, the cumulative sales of the Cong An autonomous brands exceeded 10 million, making it the first Chinese brand to become a “millions club”.
Third entrepreneurship (2018): Innovative plans are being developed to transform intellectually mobile technology companies. In 2018, companies launched innovative entrepreneurship programs in the public domain, with considerable effort in the field of intelligence and new energy sources, with more than 500 key technologies, and developed seven-in-one power-drive systems, seven-in-one power systems and smart battery tubes, with performance indicators at the international top.
Figure 1: Major corporate development history. The fall in revenue was mainly due to a decline in public ownership brand sales as a result of the spillover effects of policies such as the removal of cars from the countryside, small loads and tax reductions on vehicle purchases, and the fall in corporate revenue in 2018 was due mainly to the opening of the previous acquisition tax concessions.
As a result of the downside effects of the automobile industry, company automobile sales have declined. Since 2021, companies have benefited from the recovery of industry and the continued dynamism of the public and D.A.'s autonomous brand, with a growth of 24.3 per cent to $10.514 billion in corporate revenue in the same year in 2021, and the most recent 22q1 company, with regard to profitability, have remained stable at the same time as the rapid growth of their operations, with net corporate gains in 1994-2021.
The trend in net profits of the company, which stood at 11.3 per cent, was significantly inconsistent with the trend of net profits of the company, mainly due to the fact that the return on the company ' s investment in the federated and joint ventures constituted a significant part of the net profits of the company, with the company ' s net profits falling sharply in 2017-2019, mainly as a result of the three consecutive years of sharp decline in the sales of Chang Annford, which had led to a decline in net returns on investment since 2020.
Corporate profitability has continued to improve, with a significant increase of 224.1 per cent in corporate net profits in 2020, mainly due to investment gains of $1.4 billion from the disposal of long-term equity investments (long-term " snow and iron dragons " ) and fair-value re-measured returns of surplus equity after loss of control (New Energy Technology Corporation) of $2.25 billion, with net corporate profits increasing by 9.6 per cent to 36.0 per cent in 2021.
Improved profitability and the introduction of recapitalization by the subsidiary Avita Technology (Gongqing) Ltd., which has lost control, resulting in a return of $2.13 billion in fair value gains on the remaining shares. Main business structure of the company: the company’s main business consists of full-car operations and foreign association processing operations.
This compares to 94.4% 5.6% of the Mäori structure, with the most significant gross profit in the entire business, with the latest full impact in 2021 and short-term pressure on corporate sales performance. Since 2019, with the company’s third business start-up program moving forward, the shift has been beginning to show a marked improvement in production and sales.
1.2 Autonomy and joint ventures accelerate the deployment of new energy companies with an “autonomous and joint” business model. On the autonomous side, the company now owns such brands as Chang-Ann, Oshan, Kai-Cheng, which include a series of cs series, vagabond series, uni, Oshan series, trump series, etc.
Classic vehicles. In 2021, Chang-Ann's autonomous brands went out of 1.75 million, an increase of 16.7 per cent compared with the previous year. The combined sales for Chongqing, Hebei and Hebei were 12.70 million, an increase of 22.5 per cent compared with the previous year, and 22h1 Qing, Hebei, and Hebei, 679,000, a decrease of 3.2 per cent compared with the previous year.
The business situation has also improved since 2020, with sales changing from +2021 by 20.3%/-3.6% to 3005/132,000 e-Stars, cs55e-rocks, and other new energy vehicles, respectively, favored by a wide range of consumers. In 2022, companies will launch 36 new products, of which they will be autonomous.
In the new energy market, companies continue to be active, accelerating the transition to smart, low-carbon technology companies, with eight new energy vehicles expected to be launched throughout the year, including Governor Ann un-kidd, Chang Anlumin, Oshanz6id, and the high-profile Deep Blue Sl03, Aveta11, among others.
1.3 The equity structure is clear, the industrial chain is multi-field, the corporate equity structure is clear, and the controlling shareholders and the actual controllers of the companies are China Chang An Motors Group Ltd. and China Armored Equipment Group Ltd., respectively, holding 17.97% and 14.22% of the shares respectively.
In many areas, including automobile production and sales, parts production and sales, and equity investments. 2 Industry analysis: long-term space up, electric intelligence unstoppable 2.1 sales recovery growth, long-term space up
April 22nd is a dark moment in the automobile industry. Against the background of the marginal easing of chip supply, 22q1 ASA was in a car with an increase of 9.2% in sales and a narrow reduction of 4.5% (11.4% in 21q4), which was affected by the Jilin, Shanghai, Tesla, Upper Mass, Fareo, etc., in April 22 by a large number of cars and spare parts plants.
As a result of the shutdown, the auto industry chain suffered a severe setback, and in April 22, the AAA was able to make a similar drop of 43.4 per cent and 35.3 per cent in petty car sales, which resulted in an increase of 4.1 per cent in volume sales and 4.1 per cent in volume sales in April 22 years ago, and a reduction in zero sales to recombination policies with a high rate of heat and demand. Since May 22, the auto industry chain has recovered steadily, as of 6 per cent.
At the end of the month, the entire automotive chain of production was largely restored to pre-epidemiological levels. Meanwhile, central and local policy booms have greatly boosted industry sales. In May, the bulk/narrow car zero sales ratio grew by 68.2 per cent and by 29.4 per cent, and by the same year it decreased by 1.4 per cent to 16.9 per cent.
Industry sales are expected to grow in double digits in the second half of the year. We believe that, against a background of a basic recovery at the production end and a policy stimulus at the demand end, q3 is expected to grow in double digits at a lower base than last year, and the logical wholesale performance based on the replenishment of the reservoir is expected to be better than at the retail end. q4 is expected to rise because the stimulus policy expires at the end of this year.
With the end-of-the-life effect, wholesale sales and zero sales expected to grow faster, we expect q3 to be on a par with other major countries, and remain at a lower level than other major countries. In the long run, we believe that our vehicle holdings of 1,000 people are also expected to be close to, or above, the level of: 1) gdp as an important factor affecting per capita holdings, gdp per capita in the country.
Sustained growth is positive; (2) the per capita land area is also an important influence on per capita holdings, and while our per capita land area is far less than that of the United States, the trends in Japan and Korea confirm that the per capita land area is not a determining factor for 1,000 people, and that our per capita land area is far larger than that of Japan and Korea, and is sufficient to support the level of 1,000 cars above 400; 3)
According to the development experience of Japan and the United States, a thousand people have been able to grow steadily after having reached 200. Ten years after having reached 200, American cars have grown by an average of 3 vehicles per year, Japan by 14 vehicles per year, and South Korea by 14 vehicles per year.
The average annual growth rate of 9 vehicles was lower for the United States and Korea, owing to a marked decline in per capita gdp following the Great Depression of the United States of America in 1929 and the Asian financial crisis of 1997. The ratio of US-Japan-Korean holdings to per capita gdp was calculated to be 0.85, highly relevant, with a simple regression analysis showing an increase of 1% in per capita gdp by $10,000.
We expect to have 303 cars a year.1 This represents the year that the country has 100 cars a year, and we assume that in the future, 30 million Chinese cars will be sold. We find that the US, Japan, and the US, are selling and holding cars.
In 2021, the ratio of Chinese car sales to holdings was calculated to represent the ratio of car holdings to holdings.
2.2 The new energy process is a global leader, with the prospect of electricization for the future. Global electric vehicle sales have increased from 543,000 to 6.75 million vehicles, and cagr 52.2 per cent, and the country has grown even more rapidly, with new energy vehicle sales increasing from 190,000 to 3.334,000 vehicles and cagr 61.2 per cent in 2015-2021.
In 2021, the sales of new energy vehicles in our country accounted for half of the world ' s sales (49.4%), and the electricization rate continued to increase. According to the Circular on Fiscal Subsidies for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles 2022, issued jointly by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Industry and Informatics, the Ministry of Science and Technology, and the Commission for Development Reform, the new energy engine was launched in 2022.
The vehicle subsidy rate, which stood at 30% in 2021; urban public transport, road passenger transport, rental (including Internet traffic), sanitation, urban logistics distribution, postal couriers, civil aviation airports, and vehicles in the public service of party institutions, which met the requirements, fell at 20% in 2021. However, the fall in subsidies did not affect new energy trends, with 22q1 monthly sales of new energy vehicles in the country being equal.
The rate of growth is still more than 100%, and the sales of the ring have declined by 38.3% in April 2222, as a result of the Shanghai epidemic, but the same rate of increase in brand structure has led to an autonomous electric penetration rate. In the case of electricization, the autonomous brand has been at the forefront, with the retail penetration of the brand ' s new energy vehicle out of 40% in February, and the wholesale penetration out of 40% in March 22nd, while the mainstream has a dominant penetration rate out of 40%.
The new energy vehicle penetration rate for joint brands and luxury cars has been low, with 45 per cent 4.8 per cent and 27.5 per cent of new energy penetration in the last 22 June, respectively, and new energy retail penetration in the Autonomous brands/joint brands/luxury vehicles. In the future, we believe that the sales of new energy vehicles are expected to grow rapidly and penetration is expected to rise continuously.
One reason is that the number of new vehicles has increased, the supply has improved, and the number of new energy vehicles has gradually become more dominant. We have stabilized at more than 40 per cent since February of the year, and 50 per cent of the new vehicles that have been on the market since June of the latest 22nd year, indicating that the deployment of new energy vehicles is increasing and that the electric transition is on the rise over time.
The new model will be gradually reflected in the volume of sales, for two reasons: a class is expected to drive an increase in the volume of electric vehicles. A class represents nearly 60% of the sales of a narrow passenger vehicle, while 2022 saw less than 30% of the sales of a class one in the first May, mainly because of the initial use of low-end vehicles in some of the previous periods.
The monthly share of new energy vehicles in the middle of a class is 38.4%, an increase of 3.2 pp from 2021. We believe that, with the introduction of more new energy vehicles in a class, a class of cars is expected to explode, leading to higher sales of electric vehicles.
In about 10% of cases, smartphones, mobile Internet developments all followed this pattern, and new domestic energy vehicles began to penetrate faster after the sales penetration rate of 9% in April of 21st year, largely following the scavity pattern. But, based on the logic of 22 years as the final window for the purchase of tax subsidies, 22 years of new energy cars could be sold at the end, up 23 years.
The supply side, the rapid diffusion of electrodynamics at the supply end, provides more opportunities for intellectual upgrading. 1) The integration of electric vehicles is simpler, the incorporation of motor vehicles is easier.
The medium structure is conducive to information transfer control: 2) electric motors need only be finely tuned by changing current voltage to achieve the purpose of changing speed, while the mechanical structure of the fuel vehicle cannot be controlled electronically and it is difficult to do so in real time linearly, i.e. to respond instantaneously to all types of situations; 3) the greatest difficulty of the fuel vehicle ota is the problem of electricity security, ecu
On the one hand, smartness is consistent with the trend of technological progress and industrial upgrading, with 90% of traffic accidents caused by man-made factors in the country, such as driving fatigue, driving fatigue, etc.
Overdrives, oil gates, etc., can reduce traffic accidents by more than 50% in cars equipped with rab (backside automatic brake aids), aeb (automatic emergency brake aids) and other adas. On the other hand, the parking gap in our large cities is currently on average over 70%, parking difficulties are prominent, logistics costs are 14.6% of gdp, far above Europe and America.
At the national level, smart driving can help alleviate congestion, parking difficulties, environmental pollution, inefficient use of vehicles, while at the same time better serve servants and replacements, reduce reliance on drivers, and achieve efficient deployment. At the policy level, we have continued to put in place policies to encourage the development of the intelligent driving industry.
According to the Smart Net Combined Vehicle Technology Road Map 2.0, new cars of class 1 and 3 will reach 50% of market sales in 2025, with wide space. According to Roland Berger, the domestic market is expected to be 22.5 billion yuan in 2025, and more than 20% in 20-25.
In the first half of the year, the number of smart cars is about to be launched. In the first half of the year, the number of smart cars in the ideal 1 9 is about to be marketed, the number of deliveries in the ideal 5 is tens of thousands in 87 days, the number of sales in June is 7,000, and the number of intended users of the ideal 1 9 pre-sold is over 30,000.
Market recognition. In the second half of the year, heavy weight smart cars will continue to be launched, such as m7, avita 11, peng 9, and there is hope for further enthusiasm for smart car plates. In the medium and long term, multiple forces are driving the trend towards car intelligence faster.
Table 7: Selected smart car smarts listed or about to be listed in 2022
The company ' s own brand has undergone several stages of development. 2013-2017: Explosive cs series, with major + joint venture vehicle sales out of 2 million in 2015 and a sustained increase in its share of ownership. 2018-2019: joint venture brand sales are weak, autonomous brands are dominated by vitiated and low- and middle-end models such as Oshan, lack of competitive roll-out of new models, new energy research and development inputs
Since 2020: the third time entrepreneurship has been shown, companies have come up with new development opportunities, accompanied by high levels of cs75plus, un series, increased Māori vehicle-type emissions, increased scale effects, and a new energy release schedule in January 20 years, introducing external investors, and holding a share ratio.
From 100% dilution to 40.66%, in 2021, autonomous brands realized a net profit of $730 million, reversing the loss; 2022q1 contributed a net profit of $2.16 billion from the main brand, compared to +391.2%, which has become the company’s new development dynamic. Chinese brands regrugated.
The city’s share has been declining, falling to 38.4% in 2020, seven years low. The global market for narrow passenger cars in 2021 was affected by the persistent supply of chips, but the targeting of autonomous brands with differentiated products and more flexible coping mechanisms was less hit than the joint venture brand, while the Chinese brand took advantage of the new energy vehicle development opportunities and launched a rich one.
ev/phev products have benefited from this round of significant growth in new energy sources, which has boosted the market share of autonomous brands. In 2021, China’s brands sold 9,366,000 vehicles in a narrow fashion, an increase of 25.2 per cent over the previous year. The market share rose from 6.1 pp to 44.5 per cent in 2020, refreshing 10 years of record, and reversing China’s brand’s share of cars since 2018.
Third entrepreneurship gains are becoming more visible. Since the launch of the Third Entrepreneurship-Innovation Initiative in 2018, the Shangri-La Plan, the Beidou Sky Consort Plan, and so forth, have been constantly new, with diversification, electricization, intelligence.
After a low tide of 2018-2019, corporate ownership has been rising since 2020, and companies are now emerging from competition for major autonomous brands for cars, with 22h1 companies taking up 6.2 per cent of brands for cars and a higher level of innovation.
The main reasons for the new phase in the development of corporate ownership are: (1) car-rich, competitive, company-owned brands covering cars (uni, vagabond, jolly, run, limin, deep blue series), suv
The company's own brand is complete with the existing car spectrometry, which meets the full demand of different consumers for different power types, levels, prices, such as the short-end home suv market for the cs series; the mid-end suv market for the un series; the low-end suv market for the Oshans; the low-end suv market for the run-off; the low-end car market for the deep blue master; the low-end pure power market for the Aveta.
The company started its third business in 2018, and a new generation of products, represented by the cs series and the un series, began to explode, such as cs (cs75plus, cs55plus, cs35plus), Oshan (x5, x7), uni (t, k, v), reflecting judgement on market demand and product competition.
1 cs series is a company-owned brand ballast. The cs series is a medium low end household suv market, covering a0-c level of 10,000 yuan and 6-100,000 yuan.
The price range is the country’s preferred consumer price range, of which the sum of 10-15 million suv markets is about 2 million, or about 10% of all vehicle sales. The vast market is destined for the region.
The competition has been intense, with participants not only in the autonomous Great Wall, Haffah 6, Chang Ancs 75, Jilibyan, Bush 4 and Chi Rixiho 8, but also in joint-venture brands, such as Hiromoto, Guangfung Randa, and others. Cs75plus is on the market, with a rapid increase to more than 20,000 vehicles per month since it was introduced in September 2019, with a peak of 30,000 vehicles per month, with a tight share.
The central advantage of cs75plus is space size, power power, and value for money, compared to competitions of the same class. cs75plus Positioning level asuv, second generation cs75plus, listed in February 2022, rides a new generation of blue whales with a 2.0t engine and love.
Letter 8at ATM, with a maximum power of 138kw, a peak of 300nm, is even more smooth. Axis 2710 mm, with a width of 4700/1865/1710 mm, is larger than the competitors. In intelligence, on board w-hud, imms smart interactive system, apa5.0+ remote passenger parking system, iaccc full speed smart cruise system, 12.3 inches double screen.
The price of $11.79-15.49 million, which is in the middle and lower of the competitive area, has a strong value for value, and cs75plus, on the whole, has the necessary conditions to become a bomb. 22h1, cs75plus sales in the subv have risen to 2.77%.
Haferh6, 0.52 pp over 21 years. 2) The un series is expected to take over the cs series.
In 2025, the total was 5 units, powered by oil tankers and hybrids. Uni-t has a greater advantage in appearance and intelligent configuration. Uni-t positioning a class smart suv, listed in September 2020, sold at $11.59-1499 million, which basically coincides with cs75plus, but the client population is significantly different.
A new generation of blue whales with 1.5t high-pressure direct-jet jet engines and a 7-speed wet double-coupled converter, moving more efficiently and fast. The physical features are broad, low-down, motion, semi-enclosed pre-boundary grids, purely curved body, v-type perturbation boards, two-sided large lights, side-sided hidden door handles, tailing forktails, etc., and the sports layout uses the radiant aurora.
Motion packages, 20-inch black-and-dumblade wheels and combust-coloured sports clamps. In intelligence, equipped with pansy skylight windows, electric trunks, 360-degree loop systems, etc., with accc, dms, automatic parking, ota, ai active service, gesture recognition, etc., the design and intelligent configuration of the front guard is more in line with young people's aesthetics and needs.
In combination, un-t has advantages in fuel consumption, axle range, power, torque, zero acceleration, intelligence, and safety. The monthly sales break the threshold of 10,000 vehicles after listing, reaching a peak of 12,000, and the following 12 months, when un-v continues to have a high profile and has a stronger motivation. The sales price of 10.89-13.9 million dollars for un-v sold in March 22nd year.
It's also the best-placed country in 10-15 million areas. The concept of sedan design has been restored in shape, with the same level of electricity and motor tailings, as well as electric backslifting doors, large-sized motion tyres, a completely new uni smart cockpit, a high-level smart driving support system with a pa6.0 long-range smart parking, etc., redefinition of "dreamcar" for young people.
The uni-v version of the 2.0t engine further enriches the power properties, and in the second half of the year, un-vid will be on the market on a blue whale idd hybrid system, with Nedc operating a 130-km line of pure electrical renewal, equipped with a wealth of smart technology to meet the needs of users in a variety of car scenes.
The market has been broken down, the market has been strengthened, and the transition to electrification has accelerated. Uni-v is expected to be the next explosive product.
The cheetahs, Gilesungry, etc., are close to selling the hot product Honda, the highest share of which is more than 20% in the $10-15 million sedan area. With the delivery of version 2.0 t, which has a clear comparative advantage in value for money in the second half of the year, un-v is expected to continue with cs75plus and un-t as the company’s next blast product.
Figure 52: uni-v and major competitive sales (vehicles) Figure 53: uni-v and major competing shares of cars (%) (2) Corporate ownership of brands moving towards electric, intelligent and high-end
In the field of electrodynamics, in 2017, the company launched the Shangri-La Plan, which sets out the four main strategic actions. In recent years, a new generation of new technologies for super-power drive and power drive through battery zero-fire technology was launched in 2021, and the creation of a smart, whole-of-the-car area controller, the Smart Threshold, svdc, introduced a high-growth, high-compatibility, high-utility compact level of autonomous R & D.
In April 2022, the Chang-Sang Global Partners Conference mentioned that by 2025, the company’s power-motivation process will be accelerated.
Of the 4 million vehicles planned for sale, 3 million, including 1.05 million, or 35 per cent, of the new energy sales. In 2030, the total sale of the vehicles was expected to reach 5.5 million, of which 4.5 million, including 2.7 million, or 60 per cent, of the new energy sales and 30 per cent of overseas sales.
In 2045, carbon neutrality was achieved. In 2021, the number of new vehicles sold by the company's own brand of ownership went up to 100,000, with a ratio of +200 per cent, representing 8.3 per cent of the company's own brand of ownership, with a rate of 4.1 per cent for the city; 22h1 sold 66,000 vehicles, with a corresponding increase in intelligence, with the launch of the Beidou Tent Plan in 2018.
The ability to park, support automatic location within 30 m, control remote parking through mobile phones, and the accuracy of small spaces have reached the level of in-house leadership: production-ar navigation, four-screen combinations, gesture control, track mode, smart welcome guests, etc., leading more than a dozen industry leaders, leading to excellent traffic experiences for users.
On the basis of this, the inaugural conference on auto technology and ecology will be held, together with industry partners, to create a superdigitized platform for the next generation of smart cars, which will be launched in the next generation.
In 2023, the central grid architecture was the first to provide services. From “new” onwards, multiple pure power platform products were introduced into the production phase. In 2018, the Chang An vehicle began to be configured from the transmission of oil to a new exclusive power platform (epao, epa1, epa2 and a partnership with China and the Ningde era).
chn platform) In 2022, production was achieved with the listing of Lumin based on the epa0 platform, Dark Blue Sl03 based on the epa1 platform, and the high end pure electric brand Aveta 11 based on the chn platform, and three new energy vehicles listed during the year were a powerful addition to the company ' s new energy product profile and are expected to continue to boost the monthly average sales of bicycles.
1) Full-power digital brands are published deep blue pounds. In April 22, the company released full-power digital brands - Long-sleeved blue, based on the platform, which has been developed since 2017 and has been under development for five years now, with a “one-hundred-four-high” feature, “one-full” or full-power digital platform, and “four-high” for efficiency, high performance, intelligence, high security.
Figure 56: Features of the epa1 platform • Power system electrical efficiency (power consumed by the net output of the power-driven system) reached 78 per cent, the industry average was 70-75 per cent, and the power of the brakes used a completely new super-assembly, consisting of eight-storey rounding, rotor double-v-top configuration, ultra-low-resistance, self-adaptation control algorithms, low-resistance
(b) The first micronuclear high frequency pulse heating technology to be introduced globally, with a temperature rise of up to 4°C/min at -30°C, with a 50% increase in power efficiency and a 15% reduction in charge time to ease Northern winter anxiety.
• The standard model is subsequently driven to a dominant position, increasing control performance and driving pleasure, while supporting the first triad drive, which is matched by a single single power drive, forming a two-power four-drive drive;
50:50 gold axle holograms, wide car + low gravity, and motor modulation of vehicles. 3 minutes for all nodes upgrades; implementation of sector a/b, simultaneous upgrades; high intelligence
(a) The entire area controller uses an autonomous Svdc intelligence core with 70 per cent performance enhancement;
“5+1” information security and privacy protection; multi-year battery management experience, ibc digital battery piper, full-scale battery safety protection, digital domain control + digital temperature control management to avoid battery heat loss. Deep blue first product sl03 opened for sale with an eight-hour order of 36,000. Deep blue first product sl03 was launched in July.
Won (excluding the hydrogen version). Sl03 is a 705 km extension, low electricity consumption up to 12.3kwh/100 km, low electricity cost up to 6.4 yuan: an incremental course full of oil can reach about 1,200 km: a hydrogen version can reach 730 km, and is a first-volume hydrogen fuel cell sedan in China.
Using a more popular marketing model for new energy vehicles – a direct-line connection, i.e. online order plus below-line delivery – this year plans to develop more than 1,000 order centres... to display a long-term blue image. The projected c673/year new vehicle release rate for platform 2 of the epa1 platform. At least five products ... are currently planned to sell out over 600,000 in 2025.
Figure 57: Sl03 is a map that fills the $10-2 million gap. In the fuel-car era, the ratio of products to the $10-2 million was over 50%, and the reverse of new energy sources was over. If the price of fuel-cars were to be preferred, we thought that the new energy market of $10-2 million had a greater potential, and a larger share.
There is still room for upgrading. Deep blue sl03 has an advantage over competing model3, Biadi seals, pap 5, etc. in power, space, continuation, value for money, and is expected to be a 10-20 million dollar price range, to fill the market gap, and to raise 2)) Aveta is on the market. Avita technology was launched by Chang An, China, and the Ningde era.
Home advantage, co-winner, car platform and auto industry ecology for the creation of a smart network, leading to high-end electric intelligence, which was completed in 2021 and is now 40.9 per cent of the stock holdings, 17.1 per cent in the Ningde era and 41.91 per cent in other shareholders, with the benefit of years of whole-car integration, chassis calibration, whole-car matching and physical design experience for Avita.
The size of the system leads to an advantage in the manufacture of the whole car; it has been a deep-farming intelligence for years, and is primarily responsible for Aveta's intelligent cabin, which is an important catcher of emotional intelligence and is designed to hit the user's mind directly and communicate with the user perfectly; and, in batteries, the Ninder era has an absolute advantage, significantly reducing costs by producing batteries and packs on its own, by cutting costs at bms.
Management collaborates with China in depth, generating many innovations and upgrading whole-car battery performances. Aveta now plans four full-car products, covering the main medium-to-high-end segment of the market, and the first-car type e11, which is already on the market on August 8. Positioning high-end markets, intelligence, network, cloud services, leading up brand power.
In the Ningde era, the voltage at work is nearly 700v, with a full package of energy density of 180wh/kg, up to a maximum mileage of 700 km, and a 10-minute fast-loaded 200km target to address users' anxiety about mileage. Smart driving plates are largely developed by China, making it easier to drive high-level intelligently beneath complex urban roads, bringing high-speed sections to users and urban roads.
And the full coverage of the parking chain, the extraordinary driving experience, we expect to sell 220,000 vehicles by 2025. 3) Lumin. Under the Totoepao platform, the pure electric aoo level market is being replaced by the runoff. The pure aoo level market has risen, with a wide audience, from 27% in 2019 to 2021, compared to the recent three-year electric car market.
Thirty-six per cent of the year ' s escalation, mainly the low price of a00-grade vehicles and higher value for money, were better accepted by users of first-time access to new energy vehicles, and were more favourable to a00-grade vehicles as the price of upstream raw materials rose and the policy of subsidies for cars was stunned.
Lumin's market position is accurate and is expected to be a star. Lumin, produced in June 2022, won the market with a good front face and high value, mainly against the standard market of Mitsubishi macromini-ev and qq ice cream. Lumin's rounded car shape creates a cute visual effect.
On the inch side, the width is 3270/1700/1545 mm, the axle is 1980 mm, the centre is equipped with a 10.25 inch suspended control screen and supports reverse images, cellular interconnections and ota upgrades; on the power side, the maximum power of the electric power is 30 kw, and the battery is equipped with lithium phosphate batteries with a capacity of 12.92, 17.65 and 27.99kwh, respectively, corresponding to the range.
155km, 210km, and 301km. Competitions include Mitsubishi macroshine Mini, Chiriqq ice cream, etc. The comparison revealed Lumin’s advantages in space, continuation, cabin configuration, quality assurance, etc. The three-day purchase order broke out by 20,000, showing a stronger competition for 3.2 joint venture brand rejuvenation.
The development of joint brands under the company’s flag is divided into the following stages: 1) In 2013, joint brands formerly in the middle and high-end markets gradually became strong in China’s automobile market, German, American, legal, etc., were favored by consumers, the city’s occupancy rate rose from year to year, and the company’s joint brands, Anfort, Chang Ammadha, Chang Antsumi, etc., were sold.
Volume growth, with a record high of 4.2 per cent in 2013, accounting for 48.2 per cent of total company passenger vehicle sales, contributing to the company ' s main profits. 2) In 2014-2017, the company ' s own brand series of cs was placed on the market and its share of ownership continued to rise, with Chang ' s share of the company ' s sales and the city ' s share declining, but the share remained at a low level.
The impact of China-United States trade frictions, product quality problems, and stagnation in inputs to new products has been on the verge of the end of a joint-venture dividend, with the Chang Anfort city continuing to fall, reaching its lowest ever rate of 0.9% in 2019, and losing corporate investment returns. Joint-venture brands have gradually improved over the past 20 years.
One, 2,000, 1,000 and in 21 Lincoln sold 92,000 vehicles in China, compared to 48 per cent in the same year, above all the best sales; in 2021, long Anfort invested $1.14 billion to achieve a significant increase; 22q1 generation of Mondio and Lincolnz made better results on the market; and 22q3 Fox will launch a four-cylinder machine, which is expected to continue to increase sales. In September 2021, Chang Amazuda acquired one.
In total, joint venture brand sales are expected to grow faster in the second half of the year as the industry recovers.
Figure 72: Long-Ammadur investment returns (billions of yuan) Figure 73: Long-Amford split vehicle sales (cars)
The downward trend in net interest rates in the Division continued into 2019, most notably because of the increase in company gross margins between 4.1 pp and 18.2 per cent from 2017 to 2019, owing mainly to the continued optimization of the autonomous branded vehicle structure, the increase in the average vehicle price, and the recovery of the industry since 2021 and an increase in capacity utilization (67 per cent in 21 and 60 per cent in 200);
The reason for this is the significant increase in net return on investment (the company’s profitability is higher when Aveta Technology (Gongqing) Co. Ltd. introduces investors to recapitalize, and the company’s loss is seen as the company’s profitability is higher.
In terms of cost rates, in recent years there has been a marked decline in the rates of corporate management/sales/research and development (R & D) rates, and financial rates have been more stable, with the latest 21q1 company management/sales/R & D rates being lower, respectively, and the significant decline in the cost of corporate sales over the past 20 years has been mainly due to changes in accounting standards.
Cost/financial rates are lower and sales/research and development rates are normal, with lower corporate financial costs being mainly attributable to the relative adequacy of the company ' s cash. 4.2 Inventory turnover is higher and other financial indicators are healthier
At the upper level of the industry, second only to the Jiri car. Billion dollars, second only to the upper conglomerates; net operating cash flows of companies are at the normal level of comparable companies, and net operating cash flows of 22q1 companies are $770 million, second only to Biadi, indicating that the company operates with a higher quality.
All indicators are healthy and provide effective guarantees for the proper conduct of future operations. Assuming that 1: the company ' s third entrepreneurship has shown positive results, accompanied by high Māori vehicle volumes, such as cs75plus, uni series, and a larger scale effect, autonomous brands have become the company ' s new developmental energy, with rapid growth in the city ' s share, and 22/23/24 is expected to be long-term.
Assumption 2: new corporate-owned energy brand year. Based on the introduction of targeted products in small, medium- and high-end intelligent areas by the epa/chn platform, the projected sales for 22/23/24 are 5/10/20 for Deep Blue, Lumin and Avita, respectively. Assumption 3: the profits of the joint venture brand have been improving, Ford High-end transformation has been successful, and a new generation of Fox four cylinders are on the market.
(b) Beta coefficient: approximate value of beta as a company's no-leveraging beta coefficient since the company's listing relative to 300 indexes of depth;
3) Effective tax rate: 15%. We have selected four companies that are closest to Chang-Ang's business in the industry, namely, the Garbage Group, the Great Wall Car, Biadey, which averaged 41 times the average in 2022.
There has been a rapid increase in ownership of the autonomous branding market, driven by the cs, uni series, and a sustained improvement in profitability; 2) Autonomous New Energy Development Year, with the introduction of multi-purpose products in small, medium-end and high-end intelligentness areas based on the epa/chn platform, with good development prospects and positive losses; 3) improved sales of joint ventures and high-end transformations
At the end of the production, the company is located below the industrial chain, while the whole of the industry has a long chain, with a large number of parts and components, and if the spread of the disease results in a controlled shutdown or reduction of one or more spare parts suppliers, it affects downstream production;
At the demand end, the recurrence of the epidemic also increases the uncertainty of the demand. So the re-distribution of the epidemic could affect the company’s production and thus its performance. 2) The risk of a chip shortage.
As a result, for example, of natural disasters, the supply of certain types of car-grade chips is affected, which affects the company’s production and marketing, thereby affecting the risk of higher prices for raw materials than expected. Automotive enterprises are exposed to higher prices for large commodities, such as energy and metals, which can lead to higher short-term production costs for companies, increased pressure on companies to operate, and erosion of corporate profits.
4) Long Anfort’s sales with long Anmajuda are not recovering as much as expected. The return on investment is an important source of corporate profits, while the return on the company’s investments in long Anfort and long Anmajuda is the most important part of the return on investment, and if Chang Anfort’s and Chang Anmada’s sales fail to recover as expected, it will erode the company’s profits by eroding the return on investment.
5) Autonomous brand sales and profitability are less than expected. A company’s autonomous branding has contributed more and more revenue and profits to the company, and if an autonomous brand sales and profitability are less than expected, it will put greater pressure on the company’s revenue and profits. 6) New energy sales have performed less than expected.
Aveta’s expectations are high, and the company’s share price is now injected into higher expectations. If Aveta does not perform as well as expected, it will undermine market confidence and affect the company’s share price.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.