The company is the largest base for the production of vitamin feed additives in the country, and is a sophisticated chemical company that operates primarily on products such as nutrients, fragrances, new materials for high molecules, etc.
The leading product markets are among the world’s leading. The company owns 10,000 tons of valium and 25,000 tons of ve capacity, and it is one of the world’s four largest vitamin producers. The company is the largest spice producer in the country, with the world’s leading production, with aromatics, lemon formaldehyde, etc., leading the world in terms of product sales.
The Division has completed the production line of 15,000 tons of pps (polysed ethers) and 1,000 tons of pa (high-temperature nylons). The company’s performance has placed vitamin prices in a state of high elasticity, with new capacity building.
The market offer was $390/kg, a decline of 68% from the same period last year; the market offer was $38/kg, a decline of 55% from the same period last year. The company was the country’s number one, its performance was high, and its future performance was high, as demand changed in the farming sector, and the company’s 20,000-ton-ve capacity, currently being built at the Shandong Palace base, was expected to be put into production in 2020, and is expected to be sold annually.
The company plans to invest approximately $3.6 billion in the Heilong River to build a biological fermentation project with a total capacity of 3,923,000 tons for products such as chlorophyll for a two-year construction cycle, which is expected to generate an operating income of about $2 billion and a tax of about $708 million. The release of new energy will continue to boost the company’s profitability.
The nutrient plate continues to do well. Ethioac is the “life amino acid” necessary for the animal, with annual demand growing at about 6%; and our omelet amino acids are on the order of 6%.
The company is currently working on 50,000 tonnes/year of ecstasy. Three 150,000 tonnes of liquid ecstasy projects are expected to produce about 3.5 billion and are scheduled to produce in 2021. Eggs are recombinant downstream with highly vitamins, and the two are expected to synergize in the future, rapidly expanding the market for ecstasy.
In the future, as new projects on vitamins and ecstasy become operational, the company’s overall profitability and market competitiveness will be 12 times, 12 times and 10 times higher, respectively. The company is a leading company in the vitamin industry, with reference to Xin 10,000 chemical ingredients, pottery, graduate from the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate chemical engineering and engineering, and postgraduate mineral processing (coalification) in July 2011.
Li Xing, Doctor of Materials, Beijing University, 2017, third member of the New Wealth Non-ferrous Metals Industry, joined in December 2018. Wang Jing Jing, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, joined in July 2018.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,