Sinjishan Revenue, Transport, Consistency Holdings (002352.sz)
Reasons for the report: Biannual reports, overall growth in performance, high value of integrated logistics poles, August 26, 2020
Billion dollars, 42.05 per cent more than the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $3.762 billion more than the same year; reverse growth in the epidemic, leading the industry.
q2 continues to grow at a high q1 growth rate as the state of control of the epidemic improves and the economy recovers.
Market data: On August 25, 2020, the Division achieved a double growth in volume revenue, with 3.66 billion fast-moving logistics operations, an increase of 81.3 per cent over the same period, with the highest/lowest (in yuan) in the year:
Quick-moving logistics and supply chain revenues increased by 41.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis The average volume of business in the industry and the rate of growth in the total equity share (billions): q2 Mäori rises in the ring ratio and continues to improve the cost rate. The company 2020h1 Mäori is 18.65 per cent.
In terms of rates, there is a certain improvement in the company’s q23 fee, which includes sales rates, management rates, sustained economic activity, and a rise in traditional operations.
Since the war power market, the economy’s portfolio has continued to grow, making it a major growth point for companies. 2020h1’s economic portfolio generated $20.18 billion without taxes, an increase of 76.1% over the same period.
The revenue was $18.39, a 22.1 per cent decline over the same period, and the share of new and integrated logistics service providers in the company ' s statute of limitations business increased. The share of new business units in company 2020h1 increased by 3.03 percentage points to 26.7 per cent, with fast-moving operations excluding tax revenues.
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, was the fastest growing block in the first half of the year; supply chain operations did not contain tax revenues of $2.96 billion, which was higher than in China, China, 28 West Park, West Side, Beijing.
60.5 per cent long and 1.270 billion yuan of tax-free operating income for the same city ' s emergency operations, an increase of 61.1 per cent over the same period. 7th floor of inter-centres, with more diversified corporate revenue structures and enhanced capacity for integrated logistics services, is expected to generate revenues.
Sansai Securities Co. Ltd. Investment advice: company precision positioning of mid-end and upper-end markets with a full range of integrated logistics services, such as prescription express, economic express, conglomerates, express shipments, cold-chain logistics, international operations, high-tech, "three-net"
Full coverage, with a high degree of user satisfaction and brand recognition, is expected to increase profit in the future compared to the more competitive and bargaining power of the TCP. The company is expected to present the report independently and objectively in 2020 and 2021, ps industry attitudes. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.