Shunfeng Holdings (002352.sz) has continued to outpace business growth, with 20h1 performing above expectations by 42 per cent, resulting in a net gain of $3.76 billion for the mother, 21.3 per cent for the same year, and a net gain of $3.45 billion for the non-contribution.
Of this total, 2q earned 37.6 billion yuan, an increase of 44.3 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net gain of 2.85 billion in traditional business.
The same volume increase of 77.1% and the city ' s share of 13.7%, followed by a steady recovery of the domestic economy in 2002 with a positive growth trend, with a 42% increase in revenue. In terms of operations, the company benefited from a product stratification strategy, extending from business to personal bulk to electricity, from high.
End-to-end markets extend to the middle-end economy. The volume of fast-moving operations completed in the first half of the year was 3,655 million, an increase of 81.3 per cent, well above industry growth of 22.1 per cent.
Business roll-out led revenue by 76.12 to 20.18 billion yuan, up from 5.5 pct to 28.38 per cent of total revenue. In addition, the new business plate continued to grow at a high rate, accounting for 100 million yuan of total revenue; cold and pharmaceutical operations increased by 37.78 per cent to 3241 million yuan of the same year; and the same level of business with the city.
Cost rates have continued to decline and profitability has improved further: companies have continued to upgrade their business plates, resource sharing and business synergy, and improved service efficiency and flexibility. Companies have benefited from continued optimization of business models, such as fast and slow separation, and around receipt, transit, transport, etc.
The process of improving the chain has led to significant improvements in operational efficiency, effective cost reductions, and the release of economies of scale. In particular, in the second quarter, a single-season increase of 5 to 21% in the Maori ring ratio has led to an increase in efficiency gains. At the same time, it has benefited from the company’s continued technology of digitization, intelligence, visualization, etc.
Inputs, with reduced cost rates ranging from 1.7 pct to 11.42 per cent, particularly management rates falling from 1.43 pct to 8.24 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and further improvements in corporate profitability.
Three major aspects of internal management shape their own “baskets” and enhance corporate profitability. In addition, progress is being made in building cargo air hubs to enhance differentiated services. Net gains are expected over 20, 21 years. The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.