The edge of the film tap is significant, with the rapid rise in electronic materials, 11 04, 2025, and a reduction in the volume of photovoltaic film operations, with multiple advantages that are expected to help smooth the cycle.
\triangleright \triangleright sales of 2,811 million sq.m, an increase of 24.98 per cent over the same period, yielding revenues of $17,504 million, which is highlighted by the oversupply of the main industrial chain, leading to a constant decline in prices across the entire industry chain; and the market of photovoltaic film links
In 2024, there was an increase in the price of photo-voltaic film and an increase in global market ownership.
But the unit price of the product falls in tandem with the price of raw materials, leading to a decline in the revenue and net profit of the film business on a par. In the future, companies are expected to lower the industry by diversifying product development and increasing the size of overseas operations.
The business pressure from the influence of the plant is expected to smooth through the PV industry cycle. Downstream demand is reduced and backboard operations are under stress. The company sold 1.01 \triangleright in 2024.
Wang, like a billion square metres, fell by 33.50 per cent and earned $607 million, a 54.26 per cent decline in the same year.
Profit-taking, and claims for business pressure transmission from auxiliary firms; and the dual structure of components produced by downstream customers, which led to a significant decline in demand for company luminous backboards, particularly in the light backboard market, and a further decline in product prices, leading to a similar decline in income and net profits from company backboard operations.
The lead product of the Electronic Materials Department of the company is \triangleright, fccl, and sense coverage membrane, with 159 million m2 of sales in 2024.
The third quarter of 2024 for Foster (603806.sh) looks forward to the rapid and long-term recovery and transformation of the electronic circuit industry.
The dominant product is the aluminium plastic film and ro support membrane, with sales of 1,296 million square metres in 2024, as compared to the same: the rubber taps performed well, the reverse overseas expansion of production into the marketing and distribution phase, and the ro support membrane continued to vary in product development, resulting in bulk and quantitative sales.
3. Forster (603806.sh) 2023 Annual Report Review: 4. Forster (603806.sh) 2023 Tri-quarter Report Review: Profit Phase Sexual Intensity, Capability Against Volatility -
The q2 filtration has improved significantly, leading to excellent anti-volatility techniques and analytical logic to draw conclusions, present the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.