Forster (603806.sh) The film is well run and the film is growing rapidly. 24 years of company film delivery, 2.81 billion flats per year + 25% per cent, is largely in line with industry growth, with a 710 million ring ratio for q4, with a 50 per cent global market share + dragons.
Headlines are solid. The average price of the film is down 32% to 6.2 yuan/p, with the ultimate Māori rate of 14.7% : zengtao_yj@chinastock.com.cn is almost flat. Backboard operations are rapidly shrinking in the two-bond trend, with 100 million flats-33%, q4 loops throughout the year.
The company’s photofilm + aluminum plastic membrane is growing rapidly, benefiting from the electronic recovery of consumption and the smoothness of the data, with an average increase of 38 to 159 million square metres, while contributing to a high Māori rate of 24 per cent.
We believe that the rapid fall in prices under sharp competition is the recovery of the profits of the company’s main business. (under construction) Billions of flat capacity, supported by demand in emerging markets such as the Middle East and India, despite the severe form of US tariffs.
The form of the order is good and the pace is solid. The company continues to develop high-end electronic materials, downstream customers, and together with the high-end process of national production, structural upgrading is also driving the overall profit level up, the elastic space is growing, and the potential for future binding of solid-state batteries for aluminium plastic film is high in the long run.
Investment proposal: The company is the global absolute leader of the photo-voltaic film, operating smoothly through the industry cycle; positive development of growth curves such as electronic materials; sustained performance repair as the industry recovers. We anticipate that the company itself is committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. He has been successful in such selections as the Asian Currency, Institutional Investors, New Wealth, Crystalball, where the Asian Currency selects new energy sectors for 2018-shangchang and Beijing University.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.