I'm not afraid of the clouds, I'm only at the top.
Nguyen Xiaoyan, the year after the intense introduction of the new pattern of electric cars around the world, we expect sales to reach 10 million major gates, with 67 per cent of the increase remaining, with domestic sales expected to exceed 6 million vehicles (including exports).
Taking into account that 2022 is still a year of global electric vehicle sales, and that the superstock will continue to grow significantly, we estimate a 70% increase in global power + 800gwhill demand in 2022, compared to 70% increase in the same year. In 2022, LG’s revenue guidelines increased by 14% (net of a one-time impact in 2021), the three stars were released to produce.
We expect the company’s total output to reach 300 gwh, with a storage capacity of 50 gwh, powered far more elastic than overseas battery companies. Meningde’s operations are dominated in Central Europe in the short term, and technological material resources are not dependent on North America, and China’s relations are changing.
The impact is small. The U.S. sells 650,000 electric vehicles in 2021, smaller in size, and the suppliers are mainly Japanese and Korean producers such as pine, lig, ski, domestic manufacturers account for less than 5% of the U.S. installed aircraft, and Ninder is currently in the U.S. with a smaller supply of storage capacity and new power, commercial vehicle batteries. In 2022, we expect to be in a smaller position.
The United States accounted for about 7% of German shipments, with a smaller overall impact. In addition, in the production sector, corporate technology relies on autonomous research and development, with middle- and middle-sized materials coming from domestic suppliers, lithium resources laid out in the Argentine Salt Lake, African lithium mine, nickel resources locked in Indonesia, and in the US era of the Ninder era, in 2018, when a subsidiary was set up in the United States.
Battery R & D and sales. Catlus was set up in 2020 to operate as a manufacturing industry, and the overall layout has progressed more cautiously in Europe, now receiving orders for commercial cars like elms, fiskers, new forces, etc., and entering the US market in the future, or further through home-based construction, construction around the US, joint ventures with car companies, etc.
The company’s 2021q4 performance forecasted a 130% increase in the median of its net profit, and the company’s ability to make a profit, not just from the early locking in of raw materials, was expected to increase by 130%.
There must be low-cost stocks of raw materials, more from super-manufacturing supply chain management, scalding production, and a significant increase in the productivity of the German, Chinese and Sichuan new production lines and Sichuan new bases. At the same time, the three-dollar high nickel ratio has risen dramatically, the second-generation lithium batteries have been rapidly upscaled, and the ctp process has been applied on a large scale.
We're predicting a 2022h1Nind power cell rate of around 20%, a 2022o2 carbon-acid lithium price that is stable at a high level, and some of the material prices are loose in the middle of the year, adding to the company's technological and scalding advantages, and we're predicting that 2022h2 company power cell profit levels are on the way.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the company recently miskilled its stock prices for various rumours, revalued to the bottom of history, and performed in large supermarkets, highlighting global expectations. In 2022, we had a big year of worldwide electric cars, storage and sales, and we had plenty of orders in hand.
Lithium Power Kings 2022-01-28, whose current valuation is clearly understated. We maintain the company ' s 2021-2023 net return profit forecast at a high growth rate in 2022, while at the same time it is the global power cell dragon, with its customers, technology, and costs leading the way.
Solid 2021-12-31.3, Ning Dynasty (300,750): Dragon Dollar, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
With super-profit resistance to pressure, the year 1.2022 was still the year of the global electric car, with a significant increase in storage, and Ningde's share would go further, with a higher degree of certainty.
The year 2022 was still a year of high global electric vehicle sales, with a significant increase in the stacking of reserves, with a 70% increase in the demand for lithium batteries. Global electric vehicle sales in 2021 were 6.2-6.5 million, more than double that figure, with large supermarket expectations, of which 3.5 million + (including exports), 2.150,000 in Europe +, and 650,000 in the United States.
With the launch, we expect sales to reach 10 million, with 67 per cent growth in the same year, with domestic power, we expect to exceed 6 million, including exports, 280-2.9 million in Europe, and the United States policy expansion, which is expected to double to 1.3-14.5 million. In January, domestic mainstream vehicle sales were spectacular, the ring was reduced evenly, and the season was not too good.
In 2022, we expect the global demand for energy batteries to exceed 130gwhh by +145%. In this case, Tesla indicated an increase of 200-300% in storage capacity orders in 2022, while switching all batteries to lithium batteries, which will clearly boost domestic battery demand.
According to the Sne data, the global loading volume in 2021 was 96.7gwh, 32.6% of the total, an increase of 7.9 pct compared to 2020, with the domestic loading 72.6gwh (ggii, higher in real terms), an increase of 2 pct to 52%, and overseas loading is expected to be around 20gwh, with a gradual export ratio.
The driving force is that we expect about 115 gwh (export about 20 gwh), with a storage capacity of about 15 gwh, and the company's full capacity for sale. In 2022, we expect the company's total output to reach 300 gwh, with a storage capacity of 50 gwh, a power drive of 250 gwh, and a marked slowdown in the growth of overseas battery companies in 2022, of which the lg target is a 14% increase in revenue in 2022 on a year-on-year basis (net).
In 2021, we expect the power cell output to grow by 30% on the same basis, while the output of the three stars is growing more slowly. In the Ningde era, we expect the share of domestic loading to be nearly 55% in 2022, and the share of Europe to be even greater.
North America accounts for a small share of Ninder’s operations, and technology, materials, and resources are not dependent on North America, and the impact of changes in Central America’s trade is small. In the United States, 650,000 electric cars were sold in 2021, on a smaller scale, and the suppliers were mainly pine, lg, sk, etc. Japanese and Korean manufacturers, and Ninder’s current major supply of energy storage batteries in the United States, as well as new power, commercial vehicles and batteries, were on a smaller scale.
We measure that domestic manufacturers account for less than 5% of American market power cell loaders. We expect Ninder to deliver 300gwhh in 2021, with 50gwh in storage, 50gwh in power exports, mainly in Europe and other overseas markets, and the United States market, which contributes less to storage in the short term.
The U.S. market is 5%, and in 2022 it is expected to rise to 7%. At the end of production, Ninder’s technology relies on autonomous research and development, and Chinese- and Chinese-based materials come from domestic suppliers, lithium resources are laid out in the Argentine Salt Lake, the African Lithium Mine, nickel resources are locked in Indonesia, and the change in trade relations between China and the United States has had little impact on Ninder.
American car companies urgently need to introduce new suppliers, and Ninder has begun to lay out in the United States and to avoid political risks in the future, including through joint ventures, into the North American market. American car companies rely too heavily on Japanese and Korean battery companies, with a strong demand for low-cost, high-quality, stable supply chains, and Ninder’s entry into the North American market is in the interests of American car companies.
The importance of the risk has been discussed with overseas automobile companies for forward cooperation, with Ninder establishing a subsidiary in the United States in 2018, for battery research and development and sales; and Catlus in 2020, for manufacturing, with overall progress being more cautious and taking full account of potential risks than in Europe.
A four-year supply agreement, in addition to orders from new powers such as fisker, commercial cars, etc., has a layout for the factory, customers, and will enter the US market in the future or further through the form of home-grown construction, construction around the US, joint ventures with car companies, etc., to avoid political risks.
With neutral expectations, the forward global installed market will remain around 35%. We expect nearly 24 million cars to be sold globally in 2025, 11 million of them in China + 5.8 million in Europe and 5.6 million in the United States, with power cell demand exceeding 1350gwhh for the year, if we consider the policy risks of the United States to the Ninder era, assuming Europe.
With 30% in other regions and cities, neutral expectations are that the forward global installed market will remain at 35% left right, pessimistic expectations are that the global installed market will be around 30% in the Ningde era and that the global flagship will be strong.
The Ningde era cost advantage is long-standing, rather than a stock of staged low-priced raw materials, and is highly profitable. In 2021, the pressure on power cell costs was generally high, while the company achieved a net return profit of $14.4-16.5 billion in 2021, which is 1.7 pct, which is far more profitable than overseas battery companies and domestic second-line battery companies.
There are still super-profits, not only from the early lock-in of raw materials, but also from low-priced stocks of raw materials, more from the super-efficient supply chain management capacity, from the advantage of scalding production, and from ongoing technological advances. In 2021, the company’s output reached 150-160gwh, an increase of 160% over the same period, with a significant increase in production efficiency in Ninder, the new production line of Niangyang and the new Sichuan base.
In 2021, the company ' s three-dollar high nickel battery loads rose significantly, and the second generation of lithium batteries was rapidly upped, and the ctp process was applied on a large scale, with significant downswing effects.
Power cell prices have remained stable and internal digested. Lithium carbonate prices have risen sharply since 202104, from less than 200,000 yuan per ton to $350,000 per ton, and based on 1gwh battery lithium carbonate usage of 650gwhh, we expect battery costs to increase by 0.7-090 million yuan/gwh, domestic battery sales by 5-10%, overseas battery sales linked to raw materials, and carbon can be largely covered.
Lithium acid prices are rising. So we expect that the profit level for power cells in the 2022h1 Ningde era will remain roughly at the same level as 20%. The price of lithium carbonate is stable at 20202, and some of the materials will start to loose in mid-year, adding to the technology base of the company and the advantages of size are further highlighted, and we expect that the profit level for power batteries in 2022h2 will be at a turning point.
The company’s effective capacity in the first three quarters of 2021 was 106gwh, and its production line reached 220-240gwh by the end of the third quarter.
By the end of 2022, we expect production capacity to be over 400 gwhh, with a capacity of 300 gwh+ for effective delivery throughout the year. In the future, we expect the company's capacity to be over 750 gwh in 2025, well over lg (430 gwh), ssk (220gwh), pine (160gwh) and leading domestic second-line battery plants such as Chinese lithium (300gwh), billion latitude lithium (260 gwh+)
In the long run, electrochemical research and development is the result of a long-term build-up, with an early build-up advantage, the Ninder-era battery technology.
The reserve is comprehensive, new battery technologies have accelerated since 2021, new technology programmes such as ctp/ctc, sodium ion batteries, power switching solutions have been published in the Ningde era, new technology routes such as solid-state batteries have been laid out, and radical applications have been applied in the material system, with high nickel, manganese lithium, pet copper and aluminum taking the lead in the development of the industry.
See, the Ninder era introduced the ctp/ctc system, taking full advantage of the cost and performance of square batteries, taking advantage of the overseas market, taking advantage of the overseas package system, and the European public, among others, continuously switching large-model square battery systems, leading the offshore battery plants in areas such as lithium batteries, sodium ion batteries, power switching solutions, etc.; and the Ningde era began with a rate of 2019.
First-loading high nickel 8 is a tri-dollar battery, and in 2022 it was expected to rise to 50% +, super-high nickel, and it started to be installed at a much faster pace than overseas manufacturers, and to lead the industry in the development of materials such as manganese lithium, pet platinum, etc. The company, as the world’s leading new energy innovation company, will continue to drive the construction of the material system and the system.
Deeply binding high-quality domestic customers, taking the lead in the development of new vehicle models, with a high degree of stickyness. Because power batteries are more expensive in the whole car and have a direct impact on motor vehicle safety and performance indicators, power cell companies enjoy the goods.
The company ' s share of domestic loading + 50 per cent in 2021, the deep binding of the country ' s entire fleet through joint ventures, equity participation, strategic agreements, etc., and the company ' s share of Tesla ' s loadings increased to 69.7 per cent in 2021 (the domestic market) to maintain its strength, ideal independence.
In the case of small proprietorships (80.6 per cent); in the case of autonomous car companies, it is supplied by car owners (86.3 per cent), North (80.7 per cent), Upper (93.0 per cent), etc.; in the case of joint ventures, it is provided by the public, the public, the BMW, the private sector, the general public, the Beijing Mercedes, etc., and the company has a clear advantage at the toc end.
The company’s performance, including Tesla, BMW, the general population, general use, psa, modernity, Toyota, etc., has been growing since 2021. The company has been working with a front-line company to deepen again, including access to the modern 2023 pure power platform, and renewal with Tesla for four years.
In order to contribute to the European public, the European BMW, the European stellentis, etc., the company’s European plant was launched in 2022, and we expect that Europe’s fixed point will be delivered further, with exports rising further. Ninder’s share of Tesla’s share in Tesla is higher than expected, and is expected to be a global supply for Tesla in 2022.
Of the 936,000 vehicles sold, an increase of 88 per cent over the same year, China sold 484,000 (including exports), and we expect the entire world to sell more than 1.5 million vehicles in 2022, with a 61 per cent increase in the target rate, with Chinese factories doubling their output to 900,000, contributing mainly to the increase, and Germany and the new Texas base contributing 5 to 100,000 each.
State Tesla, for the present type of lithium car, which was set up in 2021 on a very dangerous basis to see Ninder's Tsla loading capacity at 13-14gwh, considering partial export and pre-positioning, we expect a more than doubling of the 2021 Tsla 18gwh in 2022, with a volume of 40-50gwh in delivery, followed by active sample testing of the Ningers' three-dollar battery.
In 2022, due to a shortage of batteries at Tesla European and American bases, the size of the cell is expected to reach 30-40gwh, which is more than double that of the same year. Third, it is being supplied by the Freemont factory in Tesla, but the capacity of the battery is limited, and in 2022 it is expected to be around 35gwh, which is a slight increase.
The share of Tesla power cell demand is expected to reach 30-40% a year, up by 5-10 pct a year. Based on Ningde’s leading battery technology, strong cost-control capabilities, and a relationship with Tesla’s depth, we believe that companies can maintain Tesla’s main supply position for a long time.
In the year of the new model of the Central and Eastern Europe, we expect the global sales of electric vehicles to reach 10 million major levels, with 67% growth in the same year, with the accelerated penetration of electric power, the accumulation of reserves starting to grow significantly, the high growth of lithium in 2022, the greater certainty, and a further increase in the global share of domestic lithium taps. We therefore expect to benefit from significant growth in the domestic market.
Global purchasing, we expect the company's battery output to reach 300gwhh in 2022, double the same time, with the power of 250gwh, storage capacity and two wheels expected to reach 50gwh for two consecutive years, with high growth. As the company has entered the global mainstream vehicle supply chain, and most of it is in the main supply position, there is much room to grow in the future, and we expect the company's electricity to grow in 2025.
The company's recent valuation has been reversed to the bottom of history due to various rumours that stock prices have been miskilled. Global electric vehicles, and their performance, are expected to continue to double in 2022, and the current valuation is clearly understated.
Growth, combined with global power cell one, full leadership of customers, technology, costs, and long-term advantages, giving rise to increased competition, market volumes and policies that fall short of market expectations, volatile raw material prices, and declining investment rates.