The product and R & D pipelines are significantly under-expected, and the absolute long-term market value of the vaccine is expected to break through.
The vaccine industry has entered the gold phase, and companies are expected to break out of the 200 billion long-term market value as an absolute leader. From the point of view of industry development, with the 2016 Hpv vaccine being approved in China, the country is approaching a golden period for the development of two seedlings, and dozens of heavy-pound vaccine varieties will be approved in the future.
In the vaccine industry, from R & D to marketing to capital power, we believe that intelligent flying organisms have a significant lead, and that the future is most likely to be an absolute leader in the field of vaccines, market value.
The re-registration event did not affect the company’s long-term value to offer buy-in opportunities, and the company’s expectations were much worse. Net annual profits, and the freezing of the ac-hib three seedlings in the second half of 2020, which began in 2021, were expected to be approved.
The impact will be completely eliminated, with the event only causing the company to lose 10% of its profits in 2020 to the right and 10% of its original expectations, but the sale of the cow branch bacterium vaccine and the pre-filled acyw 135 brain glucose vaccine in 2020 is expected to be higher than expected, and short- and long-term equity prices will, in the medium to long-term, offer companies good investment opportunities.
Following a serious underestimation of the line of research, the forthcoming microcard+ec is also understated. • Levered employee holding programs show confidence and value the company’s long-term development as a highly recommended rating.
We expect companies to be 29x/19x/12x times a year, and pegs are significantly below one, and companies not only have the lowest valuations among several vaccine companies, but also have the largest and most valuable products in the pipeline.
The company's value was considered to be undervalued, covering for the first time a “strongly recommended” rating; risk; lower than expected sales of new products after their listing; risk of individual varieties not being approved as scheduled; and risk of termination of cooperation with Mercado.
The vaccine industry has entered the golden stage of development, and in the wake of the chaos, there must be a cure and elimination industry. 1.1. Consider the development of the vaccine industry. First of all, we have a great interest in the development of the vaccine industry, based mainly on the following:
In contrast to the extremely competitive situation in the field of pharmaceuticals, where the vaccine industry is more competitive, both domestically and globally, the leading global vaccine leaders are Mossathon, Sénofibasd, Pfizer and gsk, while the number of companies in the domestic category of 2 seedlings is small, mostly in the early years and plans.
The industry of vaccines in the economic age has developed in a vast array of companies, and as industrial policy has tightened, we expect that the industry will move forward with card shuffling, that small and medium-sized enterprises will either be acquired or withdrawn from the industry, that the future market share of leading firms will increase further, and that the space for growth will become more open.
Compared to medicines, the second type of seedlings are voluntarily inoculated by citizens at their own expense, free of health-care policies and autonomous pricing, and there is no significant difference in the domestic and foreign pricing of some vaccine varieties, given our large population base, the same type of vaccine, without a very large price-fixing gap.
The biggest market is in China. At the same time, from the point of view of industrial development, the Hpv vaccine was approved in China in 2016, and we are in the midst of a golden period for the development of the second type of seedlings, with three national producers producing it.
In the next few years, there will also be a multi-priced combination of pulmonary disease, 13/15.
The weight strains of foot-to-mouth vaccine, four-priced cerebral combination vaccine, rotavirus vaccine, multi-trillion seedlings, etc. will continue, and it can be said that the future development of the second seedlings sector in the country is still very much 1.2, and the view of the vaccine company valuation system is still very much alive.
Secondly, with regard to the valuation of the vaccine industry companies, we believe that the greatest feature of a new vaccine species is faster and faster to reach its peak than an innovative drug, and that the cash flow of the vaccine varieties is more stable and predictable because of the fact that new varieties in the field of vaccines are being created at a much faster rate than pharmaceuticals.
Against this background, the R & D pipeline of the vaccine company is worth more than the R & D pipeline of the innovation drug company to be represented by cash flow discounts, which can appropriately weaken the current valuation and focus on the company ' s long-term growth space.Pe-band uses the pre-equity recovery approach, as shown in figure 1 below, and pe-band uses the ttm approach.
Even with the impact of the Shandong vaccine incident, which started in March 2016 and led to the company ' s lack of performance in 2016 \triangleright, the company ' s share price did not fall significantly, and the p (ttm) was the highest at this stage.
This is due to the fact that the market fully anticipated the subsequent sale of the ac-hib three seedlings and the approval of the Mossad Hpv vaccine (the second-priced Hpv vaccine was approved in gsk in July 2016). In May 2017, the 4-priced Hpv vaccine was approved in the country, but the company ' s share price has remained at the same price since then.
In time, performance performance continues to be highly innovative, suggesting that the approval of heavy-pound vaccines is only the beginning of a stock price start, because the logic of corporate investment in the vaccine industry is fundamental-driven, performance-driven, unlike the fact that some corporate catalysts are down to higher stock prices.
Since then, as the company ' s performance has continued to rise significantly, the company ' s valuation has continued to decline, mainly after performance, and the level of valuation has been amortized at a certain market value, which also indicates that the high valuation phase, in fact, reflects the ability of the department to deliver after the approval of a heavy weight product.
Similarly, at this stage, the current wind projections for Watson organisms correspond to 175x in 2019 and 131x in 2020, to some extent reflecting the value of the 13-priced pneumonia vaccine; the current Wind projections for Conte organisms correspond to 58x in 2019 and 2020, respectively.
And 39x, reacting to the value of multiple R & D tubes like the expected two-fold ecstasy in 2021 and the 13-priced pneumonia vaccine. But, now, smart-flying organisms are alike predicting 2019 and 2020, respectively.
For 26 x and 19 x, based on our understanding and judgment, the market has given too much attention to the Hpv vaccine, ignoring the value of the company's approved cow branch bacterium vaccine and dozens of subsequent strains, which will be approved from 2021 onwards, and we believe that under the above-mentioned vaccine valuation system, the company's value has not been received.
1.3. There must be a cure in the aftermath of the chaos, and the industry's concerns will be eliminated. Finally, due to the successive black swan events in the vaccine industry, including the March 2016 Shandong Vaccine Incident and the July 2018 Long Live Life Incident, the state has been able to regulate the vaccine industry.
There has been an unprecedented increase, with successive regulations on vaccine circulation and preventive vaccination and the draft law of the People's Republic of China on vaccine administration, which impose strict regulations and regulations on the vaccine industry from the production, circulation and vaccination sectors, and which in some cases constitute a crime to the level of criminal law.
We look at the vaccine industry, and there must be governance after the chaos, and industry regulation has reached unprecedented levels.
There is a certain trend towards further industrialization and concentration, and at the same time, a number of second-class heavy-pound varieties will be added to the market, industry space will be opened further, and in the vaccine industry, from R & D to capital strength, we believe that the smart-flying creature has a significant lead, and that the future is most likely to be the absolute leader in the field of vaccines, and the market value is expected.
The re-registration of the ac-hib seedlings triggered a fall in the company’s stock prices and a rational analysis that only affected the company’s impact would be completely eliminated, and that caused the company to lose only about 10% of its profits in 2020.
They argue that short-term stock price declines offer companies good investment opportunities in the medium- and long-term. Companies still have a number of bad expectations, and the proxy Mossadon Hpv vaccine attracts most of the market’s investors’ attention, ignoring many other aspects of the company’s value, on the one hand, and the company’s imminent approval, on the other hand.
The micro-card (the cow branch vaccine) plus the ec diagnostic reagent, driven by major national policies, is expected to achieve rapid release and exceed market expectations, with sales revenues expected to exceed $2 billion in 2023; on the other hand, the company is the richest in all vaccine industries, with two separate autonomous varieties expected in 2022 and 2025.
The peaks will not only withstand the effects of the decline in revenues after the peak of the Hpv vaccine, but will also drive companies to continue to innovate with high incomes and net profits, which we expect to reach $37.1 billion and $14.8 billion in 2026, with a long-term market value of 200 billion.
3. One of the differences in expectations: the market considers the company ' s Hpv vaccine to be close to its peak of 3.1, the huge market for Hpv vaccine, cervical cancer being a malignant tumour in the female reproductive tract after ovarian cancer, and the ratio of cervical cancer among women in the country.
For example, 15.10 million, the second largest country in the world after Chile, has a high incidence of cervical cancer. The world has nearly 600,000 new cases and about 300,000 deaths per year. There are about 400,000 new cases in the country, with 140,000 new cases per year, leading to a cancer of the female genital tract. The country has a cervical cancer mortality rate of 11.34 per cent, and in the western region, cervical cancer is still a female cancer mortality rate.
Hpv is highly relevant to cervical cancer. In 1995, the International Association for Research on Cancer (iarc) identified Hpv as the leading cause of cervical cancer, and clinical evidence suggests that almost all cervical cancer (99.7%) is caused by Hpv infection, which is not merely responsible for cervical cancer, 85-90% of anal cancer,
70-75% of vaginal cancers, 30% of genital cancers and Hpv infections are closely related.
I don't know, cervicalcancer virusdna capsid.
Infeaction byhpv hpvdnaintrateintutumourcelldna with intwoyles
0.8% develo ipvinipilithial thenobelcommitteeforphyryogormedicine2008illistration: annikaröh
Hpv infections are widespread, and women with sex are 40% to 80% likely to have a Hpv in their lifetime. But more than 80% of Hpv infections will be eliminated naturally within eight months, not having an Hpv infection, they will develop into cervical cancer.
The continued infection of type hpv leads to malignant pathologies. Hpv16 and 18 are the most high-risk types. 70% of cervical cancer is caused by these two types of hpv. Other high-risk subtypes, 31, 33, 45, 52 and 58, can cause about 20% of cervical cancer. Also, 6 and 11 low-risk subtypes are mainly related to anal cancer and anal cancer.
Reproductive anchovies are associated. Therefore, by preventing the continued infection of the high-risk Hpv, there is a high degree of prevention of the Hpv vaccine, the first vaccine to be used globally for the prevention of tumours, with significant and relatively safe prevention effects. 2 prices (16/18) and 4 prices (6/11/16/18/31/33/45/52/58), 9 prices (6/11/16/31/33/45/52/58), hpv
The seedlings have a significant preventive effect on about 70% and 92% of cervical cancer, respectively, and a 4- and 9-price Hpv vaccine, covering 6 and 11 low-risk sub-types to prevent anal cancer in males and females, as well as genital clovers.
For the National Immunization Planning Project. As of August 24, 2018, Hpv vaccination coverage was about 49% among young people in the United States, and 49% among young people in the United States.
Gsk’s two-priced Hpv vaccine, cervarix, was hit by the four-priced and nine-priced Hpv vaccine gardasil, which began to exit the United States market in October 2016. Gardasil’s growth has continued in recent years, particularly in 2018, benefiting from his male apathy and China’s market-led sales amounting to US$ 3,151 million.
A 36.5 per cent increase was achieved, with the sale and acceleration of the Hpv vaccine at 4/9 prices in Mershadong, which is expected to peak in 2023.
The Hpv vaccine, which is currently on the market globally, consists mainly of the two-priced vaccine cervarix and the nine-priced vaccine gardasil and gardasil9 in Mer Shatton, which has been on the national market for almost two years. Due to the slight variations in the performance of beds at home and abroad, the number of vaccinations received varies between age groups, gender groups, and routine vaccination procedures.
Please refer to the table below for details. cevarix, gardasil, gardasil, July 2016, May 2017, yuan/contributions, cumulatively issued as at 6 June 2019, amounting to 3.55 million, 6.38 million and 1.22 million respectively.
The gsk 2-priced hpv vaccine was approved in our country for women aged 9 to 25 years, in Mercado 4 for women aged 20 to 45 years and in Hpv for women aged 16 to 26 years, taking into account that most women tend to receive 4 and 9 prices, and in the age group 16 to 45 years, the corresponding number of women is 290 million.
To date, the total volume of Hpv vaccinations issued in our country has been only 11.14 million (2017–June 2019), corresponding to 3.71 million women, or less than 1.3 per cent of the eligible age group.
Since the vaccination process is one dose each in February and June, and the time and transportation costs of travelling to Hong Kong are extremely high, and the Hpv vaccine on the national market is fully imported and does not differ from the quality of the Hpv vaccine in Hong Kong, we conclude that the listing of the country's Hpv vaccine will be largely blocked from travelling to Hong Kong to receive the Hpv vaccine.
Although the high rate of Hpv vaccinations abroad is highly correlated with the inclusion of Hpv in the national immunization plan and health care coverage abroad, at present there are policies in Shenzhen and Guizhou, where Shenzhen can pay for Hpv vaccinations using the personal account of the health insurance, you can pay for the first shot of the Hpv vaccine, and you can pay for the last two doses in the personal account of the health care.
The latter does not preclude the inclusion of Hpv vaccines in health care in more provinces and districts, and taking into account that Hpv vaccines are available to some extent to prevent cervical cancer, we conclude that the proportion of women of appropriate age (16-45 years) receiving Hpv vaccines is not less than 10 per cent, or about 30 million people.
At present, there is an under-supply of Hpv vaccines in various parts of the country, with senior platoon leaders making appointments for more than six months in some parts of the country, and a shakedown in Shenzhen. According to our study in June 2019, several hospitals in Beijing (the Watershed Hospital, etc.) and community health centres (the Open Community Service Centre, the Cattle Street Society, etc.).
Since the age group approved by gsk is 9-25 years, and because its product is 2 years, we think that its future share will be very low. We only consider Mossatung's hpv product, assuming that by 2023 it will be 300 million in about 5 years.
The cumulative coverage rate for the population of appropriate age rose to 10 per cent, as shown in the table below, and we projected and assumed that, respectively, the prices for 10,000, 23 million, 4 and 9 hpv would be $798 and 1,298 respectively, based on an average price of 1,000 yuan, while the sales for 2019 - 2023 Hpv would be $8.8 billion, 13.5 billion, 18 billion, respectively.
21 billion and 23 billion yuan. So, we expect the company agent Hpv vaccine to peak in domestic sales in 2023, before the market generally predicts that the Hpv peak in 2020. Starting in 2024, we assume that the Hpv vaccination population will enter the incremental age, targeting new arrivals each year.
On the other hand, on 6 November 2018, the company announced the signing of the Hpv vaccine with Mercado Corporation of the United States.
The agreement further adjusted and determined the value of the company ' s general base purchase of Hpv vaccines, both priced and 9 priced) base purchase of 55.07, 83.30 and 4,165 million yuan, respectively. Based on the Māori ratio of the Mossatung Hpv vaccine, we calculate that this base purchase corresponds to domestic Hpv sales of 11 billion,
With 16.5 billion, about 8.5 billion, the corresponding end-to-end sales for procurement in 2019 and 2020 are largely in line with our above-mentioned projections, and the base annual purchases in 2021 are in line with 8.5 billion sales, as well as with our 18 billion-dollar sales assumption for the year. We believe that the overall Hpv vaccine sales will be in line with expectations.
We assumed that the volume of Hpv sales in 2019 and 2020 was lower than the corresponding end sales in the above-mentioned base purchase, mainly in view of the slowdown in the overall issuance of vaccines in the country since the beginning of 2019, without excluding some impact on the sale of vaccines, but the potential stock of Hpv vaccines for women would not decrease.
Given that, with the rapid expansion of the scale of sales, the net profitability of the company agent Hpv vaccine is expected to increase further with the model effect, we measure it at a net profit rate of 19%, 2019-2023, the Hpv vaccine agent industry.
We do not believe that there is a need to sell and promote the Hpv vaccine because it is in short supply or even out of stock, and that after 2022, the Hpv vaccine is expected to be more innovative, thanks mainly to the local health insurance policy, which is expected to cover the Hpv vaccine, which is currently available only in Shenzhen and Guizhou.
We have learned that some companies and companies already have Hpv vaccines as employee benefits, or cover Hpv vaccines for female employees by supplementing health insurance/commercial insurance. It is expected that more and more units will do so in the future as the Hpv vaccine is scaled up.
We expect that the company will continue to increase its academic outreach and marketing of the Hpv vaccine in the future, as the income of the Hpv vaccine increases and the supply is sufficient, and that the cultural course of vaccination of women at the appropriate age will continue to increase.
In summary, we have full confidence in the country’s Hpv vaccine market capacity, judging that its sales peak is expected to continue.
4.1. Vegetables vaccine (for people infected with tuberculosis) is expected to become available in the second half of 2019. Tuberculosis is a chronic infectious disease caused by bacterium tuberculosis, which is capable of infesting many of the dirty apparatuses, 80% of which occur in the lungs, so that it is commonly known as tuberculosis, other parts (circle lymphs, membrane, peritoneal, intestinal, skin, bone)
Human-to-person respiratory transmission is the main mode of transmission of the disease, which is caused by the exposure of patients to sterilized tuberculosis.
For tuberculosis or other tuberculosis patients, according to the World Health Organization-recommended treatments, four antibiotic-type drugs, i.e., aminothium, lyphopine, ethylambutol and alamine, must be used jointly. If the drug is correctly administered for six months, 87% of the drug-sensitive TB can be cured, but multi-drug-resistant TB can be cured.
One cause of death is the estimated global number of tuberculosis deaths of approximately 1.57 million, the death rate of 17.10 million, the number of tuberculosis deaths in China of 37,000 and the tuberculosis mortality rate of 2.6.1 million.
CG only protects children from severe childhood tuberculosis and severe pulmonary tuberculosis. It does not prevent primary infections (first-time tuberculosis infection) or, more importantly, latent lung infections (hidden infections), so it only protects children for 5-10 years, with an adult tuberculosis protection rate of zero.
The 80% difference, the replant is not effective, and there is no protection for the adult population that is already infected with bacterium tuberculosis (the carrier of bacterium tuberculosis). Therefore, the development of a vaccine for adult latent tuberculosis infections, their protection and reduction is the direction that the World Health Organization and the global pharmaceutical industry have been working on.
In 2013, cfda approved the use of cow branch bacterium in injections by the company ' s fully-owned subsidiary, Ann Quilongkoma, as a clinical trial in the iii phase of the vaccine for people at high risk of tuberculosis infection. The company worked with the Guangxi disease control, among other things, to design random, blind and placebos for 10,000 cases of latent tuberculosis infections in the 15-65 age group.
The main purpose of the clinical study, which was completed in 2018, was to obtain the full protection of the population exposed to 6 microcards of post-tuberculosis bacterium, which showed that the protective effects of the injection of cow-fed bacillus are expected to be at least 50 per cent effective against the target of ending tuberculosis by 2035.
In April 2018, the company ' s application for a new drug production journal was accepted and formally incorporated into the priority review in June 2018. Based on the vaccine approval process, and taking into account the background of the priority review, we anticipate and judge that the company ' s cow has a bacterium disease.
The seedlings (used by the tuberculosis infected population) are expected to be approved in the third quarter of 2019. 4.2 The expected spread of the cow branch Bacillus vaccine is very poor and the market is not expecting it.
The very high level of attention to childhood vaccines (parents are very concerned about the health of their children) is also different from rabies in adult seedlings, Hpv vaccines, etc. (the death rate of rabies is almost 100 per cent, cervical cancer is a female health killer), tuberculosis is a disease that is itself far from us, especially in the second-line cities where public health conditions are better, and tuberculosis.
It is not an incurable disease per se, and even with tuberculosis, there is a greater probability of cure under the condition of adherence to medication, so, unlike other general type II vaccines, consumers are less likely to take the initiative as individuals to inoculate the cow branch against tuberculosis, and therefore the market is generally not expecting this species.
About 10 million new cases of tuberculosis occur globally in the year, ranking among the top 30 countries with a high burden of tuberculosis, accounting for 87.2 per cent of all new cases worldwide, including India (27.4 per cent), China (8.9 per cent), Indonesia (8.4 per cent) and the Philippines (5.8 per cent), which account for about 50 per cent of all new cases of tuberculosis in China and about 100 new cases per year in China.
In all cases, the second highest global level, with the central and western regions and rural areas facing a critical situation with regard to tuberculosis. To this end, the overall national tuberculosis incidence rate has been reduced to 58.1 million annually, while the treatment rate for tuberculosis patients has reached more than 90 per cent, and the public ' s core knowledge of tuberculosis control has reached more than 85 per cent.
In October 2017, there was an outbreak of tuberculosis in two schools in Hunan Paojiang County, where 81 cases of tuberculosis were reported and 7 suspected cases were reported in the fourth secondary school; 9 cases of tuberculosis and 3 cases of suspected tuberculosis were reported in the vocational secondary school in Taojiang County, which caused social concern; and in September 2018, in Yoichi, Jiangsujiang
In January 2019, the National Health Board and the Ministry of Education jointly issued the Guidelines for the Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases in Ordinary Higher Schools.
Special mention is made of the requirement that “tuberculosis screening be used as a mandatory screening programme for new entrants to school”, that “schools be coordinated with the local health services to manage the vaccination of students.” The company's cow-substance bacterium vaccine is also a national priority, 21 August 2018, Ministry of Science and Technology.
Yang Chul, Deputy Director General of Major Special Offices, Chief of Major Special Branch of the Scientific and Technical Department of the National Health and Health Council, Xiao Hui Ho, Deputy Director of the Centre for Medical and Health Science and Technology Development of the National Health and Planning Commission, Chief of the Department of Science and Technology of Anhui Province, and a team leader and expert of Su-song and others, have joined the company's fully-owned subsidiary, Anhui Feilong Koma, on the subject of tuberculosis vaccine
In June 2019, the National Health and Health Council, the National Development Reform Commission, the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Civil Affairs, the Ministry of Finance, the Office of Poverty Alleviation of the State Council and the National Health and Safety Authority jointly issued the Plan of Action to Combat Tuberculosis (2019-2022), which states that “the Party's Central Government and the State Council attach great importance to the fight against tuberculosis”, to 2022.
The incidence of tuberculosis in the country fell to less than 55 per 100,000 people (593 per 100,000 in 2018) and the mortality rate was maintained in more than 10,000 provinces, with an annual rate of decline of no less than 1 per cent.
There is a significant increase in tuberculosis screening among students and the elderly.
Research and development to improve the efficiency of vaccine protection for the population. Under the party’s Central State Council, these policies have mobilized the efforts of various sectors and advanced them more than ever before. Therefore, we believe that when the company’s products are marketed, they will take the lead in the student community.
The number of newborns is estimated at 15 million, which corresponds to about 53 million new students enrolled in primary, lower secondary, upper secondary, university (undergraduate + post-graduate). We assume 20% coverage by 2023, i.e. 20% coverage.
10.6 million people, based on an 18 per cent rate of tuberculosis bacterium infection, i.e. the screening of 1.91 million tuberculosis bacterium carriers, assuming a 60 per cent vaccination rate, corresponding to 6.87 million sales in 2023 and a corresponding income of 2.1 billion in 2023, in addition to students, the Action Plan to Stop Tuberculosis (2019-2022) also provides for the strengthening of priority population groups.
Proactive screening, targeted and accurate prevention, and risk reduction. Expanding the active screening coverage of key populations, such as pathogenically positive patients, older persons over 65 years of age, persons with diabetes and people living with HIV/AIDS, is also of great potential.
In addition, the company, in collaboration with the medical examination centre, can incorporate a tuberculosis bacterium screening project into the medical examination package to achieve some adult induction and inoculation. 4.3, ec diagnostic reagents are expected to be put on the market simultaneously.
In parallel with the company's cow-substance vaccine, the redevelopment and use of Ensign's Esquire Dragoncoma has resulted in a monthly application for registration for the production of new medicines. The World Health Organization ' s 2014 and 2017 editions of the Guidelines for the Management of Intrusive Nodules Infections recommend the use of gamma-disturbation.
The test (igra) or the test (ppd) for nodule fungible infections, which are complex, expensive and not suitable for mass screening and use in poor areas, is difficult to identify the difference between BCG vaccination and the specifics of BBT infection.
The nodule fungicide test (ppd test) is a dermal iv allergen reaction test with a nodule fungus, in which antigens (tuberculosis or BCG) enter the organism to sensitize the immune tlymphocytes of the organism, and in which the a sensitized organism is once again subject to antigen invasion.
At the same time, allergy lymphocytes are associated with them, giving rise to a pathological reactionary inflammation, in the form of hard knots or even bubbles and death in the area of the nodule fungi injection, by means of an inoculation at the end of a third of the border between the front arm at the end of the 5 iu (0.1 ml) ppd.
72 hours for observation response time, with a measurable reaction within 48-96 hours, a measure of the length and diameter of the hard-line by carve-foot, and a breakdown of the results into negatives, positives, strong positives and +s based on the resulting hard diameter and blisters, etc. For positives and strong positives, indicating infection with or injection of bacterium tuberculosis, further need to be passed through other indicators.
The higher number of people who inject BCG, carry TBB, pulmonary pulmonary kernels, etc., makes it easier for the population to test the screening speciality of the population with TB BB, and even more so for 40% positive.
The company developed a recombinant nodule bacterium amalgamation protein (ec) for the study of the special properties of esat6 and cfp10 proteins in the early secretion during nodule bacterium growth, which were condensed with the two proteins by genetic engineering techniques, which were unique to the bacterium tuberculosis, which was not expressed in BCG itself.
Protein, therefore, produces positive results only for those who are infected with bacterium tuberculosis, which can be specifically screened for tuberculosis Bacillus infections, and for those who inject BCG and are not infected with bacillus bacterium tuberculosis, the negative results are shown when tested for recombinant bacillus collage protein (ec) so that there is no pseudopositive results from the pd test.
Reorganizing the collusive proteins (ec) of tuberculosis can also be used in the future with ppd to screen separately for the three population groups of uninfested BCG/ID BCG immuno-deficiency, BCG-positiveness, tuberculosis-infection, and thus for different immunizations and treatments for different populations.
Therefore, we believe that the future reorganisation of bacterium tuberculosis, when it is marketed, will make it possible to screen more effectively the population already infected with bacillus tuberculosis, which will be able to reduce the incidence of tuberculosis by injecting the company ' s cow-to-coated bacillus vaccine.
Unlike vaccinations, the completion of the recombinant integration protein (ec) test can be widely used in both new-school schools and in major hospitals and medical institutions.
The company's products in the field of tuberculosis are very well organized, in addition to the forthcoming test agent recombinant recombinant of bacterium tuberculosis, the integration of protein (ec) and cow branch bacterium vaccines, and the company's detection product, pure protein derivatives of BCG.
(bcg-ppd), aec/bc02 for recombinant recombinant tuberculosis vaccine (aec/bc02) and intra-injected BCG, in which the pure protein derivative (bcg-ppd) of BCG was obtained in November 2018 as a clinical batch, which, as a test agent, increased the purity of the proteins compared to the traditional ppd, using modern protein purity techniques.
The new drug standards are higher than those set by the World Health Organization and the national drug code, and will be replaced with the existing ppd reagents in the future, to be used in conjunction with the recombined nodule bacterium integration protein (ec) and to screen three groups of people in different states.
At the heart of the study, BCG ' s protective effects on infants and young children have been recognized but have yet to be further studied for adults. By 1988, 18 BCG random comparative clinical studies had been conducted internationally.
The BCG has been well protected in areas with low rates of infection or test positive rates for the pulmonary mellitus. Therefore, the company's BCG clinical trial is directed at the negative population of the pulmonary mellitus. If the final results confirm that the company BCG is protective of this group, the population base is far greater than that of the pulmonary tuberculosis infected population, from the national level.
The future market space is expected to be enormous from the strategic perspective of tuberculosis control and elimination. Another heavy-pound refrigerated tuberculosis vaccine (aec/bc02), developed by the company in May 2015, was clinically approved and is currently in clinical i, and recombinant tuberculosis vaccine (aec/bc02) is actually in bcg-cpg
As a composite septic, the specific hemoglobin of the nodule branch bacterium ag85 complex proteins, esat 6-cfp10 proteins etc., was recombined as a vaccine, compared to the traditional bcg vaccine (CbG), which incited the organism to immunize and protect by expressing proteins unique to the nodule bacterium (which is not expressed in BCG).
The protective mechanism, which is theoretically one of the most effective tools for dealing with bacterium tuberculosis, is more specific than the existing BCG and cow stubble vaccine, and the market space will be huge in the future if it can be successfully marketed and the protection of the population carrying bacillus tuberculosis will be further enhanced.
Taking into account the company ' s product lines in the field of nodules, in the future, two diagnostic reagents + three vaccine varieties will cover the healthy people who are not infected with TBB (inoculation of carbines in the skin), the population who are infected with TBB (inoculation of the cow branch or the frozen recombinant tuberculosis vaccine (aec/bc02), their market population base
Significant, potentially more than $5 billion in the market.5 Markets have a serious lack of awareness of companies in the pipeline, which is dominated by agency-based, long-saled vaccine-type companies, and companies in the pipeline.
Lack of awareness and understanding and, in fact, companies have for many years adhered to the proxy-autonomous model of research and development, and the company ' s exclusive three-way seedlings, ac-hib, were marketed at the end of 2014, 1.3 million sales were made in 2015, and the industry affected by the Shandong vaccine incident in March 2016 was irregular, with nearly 4 million sales in 2017.
5 million sales in 2018, contributing 1 billion yuan in net profits and 400 million yuan in net profits, becoming the weight of corporate autonomous research and development.
The combined annual net profit is expected to exceed $10 billion, supporting companies to further increase their investment in R & D, while supporting companies to further expand their sales, and the company now has 1,800 self-sellers, with not only good cold chain transport channels, but also full coverage of district CDCs and vaccination sites.
In this context, the company currently has dozens of heavy-pound product pipelines, as shown in the figure below:
We expect that the company will reach the peak of two major autonomous pounds in the future: the double rabies vaccine, the 4-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, the acyw 135-priced cerebral cerebral combination vaccine, which has been on the market since 2022-2023.
The second time in 2024 ~ 2025, we expect the company to have a double price of Songner's dysentery combined with vaccines, a four-price recombinant virus vaccine, a vev71 intestinal virus extinction vaccine, seedlings, double-priced foot-and-mouth vaccine, a combined vaccine with cell-free cells, 2025 ~ 2026.
In the longer term, the company also has products such as axle-virus elimination vaccine, ac-hib+100-white-scope six, acyw-135-hib+100-scope eight-scope vaccine.
Four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, acyw 135-priced cerebral combination vaccine, released 2022-2023, and 15-price pneumococcal combination vaccine, according to WHO, pneumonia is the leading cause of infectious death among children worldwide. Pneumococcus is pneumonia.
One of the most important pathogens is also a major cause of neutron, meningitis, and bacterium. Because of the multi-smelt membrane properties of the gland-positive bacteria, pneumococcus is difficult to trigger a fluid immune response for infants and children whose immune system is not yet fully developed, leading to serious consequences such as the spread of bacterium haemorrhage from the lungs to blood.
Pneumococcus has more than 90 serotypes, but the serotypes that cause invasive infections are relatively concentrated in some sub-types. Adults are different from the children’s leading pathogens, most of which are 1 to 9 and 12, while children
At present, 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine is available for adults, but not for children under 2 years of age, mainly because the multi-sugar vaccine is made up of multi-sugar antigens, while pneumococcus is a non-t-cell-dependent antigen and infants under 2 years of age.
Child immunity is generally weak and it is difficult to induce immune memory. As a result, multi-smelt protein combination vaccine has become a hot spot for infant and young children. Pneumocococcal vaccine development, chemically combining multi-sugar antigens with carrier proteins, antigens from non-dependent to prostate-dependent antigens, triggering under-two-year-olds, the elderly and others.
The immuno-impaired person produces an effective immune response and an immunological memory. prevnar7 is a global first-pulmonary combination vaccine, developed by Wyeth and marketed in 2000, which covers seven sub-serotypes of pneumocococcus (4,6b,9v,14,18c,19f and 23f).
The cylinococcal “run-off strain” has gradually become the dominant strain for children and adults who have infested pneumococcal infections, of which the serotypes are 19a and 6a, and the prevnar7 do not cover these two strains. Wheat then focused on the development of a broader 13-price prevnar covering serum subtypes, which was approved by fda in 2009 and is about to be approved.
According to the United States cdc study, Prevnar7/13 was listed and significantly reduced the incidence of pneumococcal infestation in children under 5 years of age (ipd). The number of children under 5 years of age suffering from pneumonia fell significantly after the introduction of the prevnar7/13 vaccine
Ten thousand and 1.2 million, with 4 injections per person, amounting to 165,000 and 300,000. According to 16 million newborns, the vaccination rate was about 1 per cent and 1.9 per cent. In April 2015, new vaccines due to expiry of the permit had not yet been registered and Prevnar7 officially suspended sales in the country.
In March 2017, prevnar13 was approved for listing in the country, and since there is no clinical data on the first dose applied to the corresponding immunization procedures for infants and young children aged 6 years or older in June, the age group for which vaccinations were granted in the country is 6 weeks to 15 months, a difference from the age of 6 weeks to 5 years abroad.
There is still a lot of room for improvement. Prevnar13 has also experienced supply stress, and sales potential is far from visible.
Vaccines are currently in the production approval stage and are expected to be approved in the second half of 2019, with clinical trial designs and applications of 6 weeks to 5 years of age, which is larger than Pfizer; 13-priced pneumococcal coils in Conte organisms have now completed the iii clinical phase, and production is expected to be declared in July/August 2019, with production expected by the end of 2020
Or was approved in early 2021, with clinical trial designs and declared ages of between 6 weeks and 71 months. 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine was developed by Quinoa, which is higher than the 13-priced Pneumococcal vaccine. 2 and 12f serotypes of Asia-endemic pneumococcal prophylaxis have been completed and are currently in progress.
In the selection of the iii clinical cooperation point, q4 is expected to enter the iii clinical phase in 2019, the iii clinical phase was completed in the second half of 2020, production was declared in the first half of 2021, and it is expected that the product will be included in the priority evaluation and approval is expected in the second half of 2022, as the product responds to two serotypes that are 13 more than the current 13-priced vaccine.
In fact, given that only Pneumococcal combination vaccine is currently shown globally at 7 and 13 prices respectively, the domestically studied varieties, both Watson and Conte, are also replicable 13-price combination vaccines (pre-preventive pneumococcus are fully consistent) and the company has 15-price combination vaccines, resulting in market-generated Pneumococcal combinations.
Questioning that there is not enough expectation of the species. But in fact, there are currently different international vaccines for pneumococcals, the 15-priced vaccine for pneumococcal combinations in Mercado, v114 is already clinically available in iii and was awarded in January 2019 by fda in the United States.
To qualify for a breakthrough drug, two more serums (22f and 33f) that cause disease than the 13-priced Pneumocococcal combination vaccine currently available, Pfizer himself is also developing a 20-price Pneumococcus combination vaccine, pf-06482077, which is already in place.
iii Clinical period, awarded by the U.S. fda (btd) in September 2018. Compared to 13 serum types (1, 3, 4, 5, 6a, 6b, 7f, 9v, 14, 18c, 19a, 19f and 23f) contained in the current Pneumococcal 13 (prevnar13), the 20-price combination vaccine included seven additional types.
The 13-priced combination of pneumonia vaccine is not the optimal product, as shown by the trend and direction of the development of the 13-priced vaccine, which is a continuous innovation, a multi-priced, and a wider serotype, with only intelligent flying organisms present in the country.
The development of a more optimized 15-priced combination of pneumonia vaccine, unlike the 15-price combination vaccine for pneumocococcal vaccine developed in Mercado, v. 114, the 15-price combination vaccine developed by the company, which is 2 and 12f more common serotypes in Asia than the 13-price combination vaccine, better suited to the needs of the domestic market and fully reflects the continuous innovation of the company.
And forward-looking capabilities, and none of the most recent products of Mercerton and Pfizer mentioned above have been clinically developed in the country, and when the company's 15-priced pneumonia is on the market, the advantage will be strong. With the company's strong marketing power, it is hoped that later, we will be able to take over half the market for pneumonia, and the sales potential will be broken.
Human rabies vaccine (mrc-5) rabies are an animal-origin infectious disease caused by rabies virus infection.
It is now symptomatic of vagabonds, water infestation, diarrhea, sexual paralysis, etc. According to the National Centre for Disease Control, in 2017 there were 516 rabies and 502 deaths, and in recent years the death rate has remained at over 90%, and there is no effective clinical treatment, and therefore there are no effective treatments available.
Post-disappear vaccination against rabies is the key to preventing rabies. Between 2015 and 2018, our rabies vaccine batches were maintained at 60 million to 80 million, equivalent to 12 million to 15 million, the largest adult vaccine species, at an average price of $50/approach.
According to the sub-cell classification used in the production of rabies vaccines, the people on the market in our country are divided into original chicken embryos with rabies vaccine, cell purity vaccine, rat kidney purity vaccine, vero purity vaccine and double human cell disease.
The four types of seedlings. Of these, the vero-cell purity vaccine is the dominant vaccine in use in the country, with twice as many human rabies and rabies, which are not yet widely used because the producer is only one in Dot-Conghua and lacks sufficient capacity. However, the rabies vaccine is the world's most recognized vaccine for immunization effectiveness and safety, and it is adopted in the same way as the human body.
The source's cell matrix, no allergies, antibody duration, known as the gold standard rabies vaccine, is the main direction for the future development of the country's ecstasy. Overall, double human cytopathies vaccine has reached protective levels at the rate of post-inoculation and antibodies.
The transition rate (the proportion of people in serum and antibodies who have reached the level of protection at a given time) has some advantages, but the vero-cell purity rabies vaccine has significant advantages in terms of scale production and cost. Security: concerns about the vero-cell vaccine are mainly related to the residual cancer of the virus dna.
On the one hand, the 2010 edition of the Chinese Pharmacy has raised the standard for dna residues (the dna residual should be no greater than 100 pg/agent than 0.1 ng).
Premiums are 100 times higher than the European and WHO standards (10ng) (standards are higher, France has been forced to withdraw from the Chinese market in recent years), and the clinical data available do not reveal any cases of cancer.
On the other hand, the domestic use of cylindrical techniques to purify the vaccine, lower the external protein and reduce the adverse effects, and the available national clinical data confirm that there is no statistical difference between the adverse effects of the vaccine and the vero cell vaccine in the country, so that there are two times as many people in the country.
The relative advantages of vaccine safety are not clear. Timeliness and passivity in the generation of moderate antibodies: the timeliness of vaccine induction is important because rabies are mainly used for post-exposure immunity.
The seroprevalence rate is significantly higher in the population during the high-risk period (within one week of exposure) and is higher than in the population with the verocyte purification of rabies, with a higher average geometric (gmt) level and longer than the level of protection (\geq0.5 iu/ml).
The cost and profitability of vaccine production are mainly two pieces, one for the acquisition of raw materials such as cellular matrices, viruses, and culture fluids, and the other one for the depreciation of the production line.
In cost terms, because the vero cells can be replicated on a large scale by microcarriers and bioreactors, with no limit on the number of intergenerational transmissions, and when the scale of production reaches a certain level, the average share of the old cost per product is very small, and the human double cell matrix can only be used within a limited intergenerational range.
The relative expansion of production capacity will require the purchase of more primary cells at a correspondingly higher cost, and the drop in human double-cell-based inoculation of viral strains is not very high. However, because of the price of the two-fold degenerative seedlings, the price is significantly higher than the price of the vero cells (in 2018, the price of the conducer bipolar degenerator was put at 255 yuan/pump, the price of the vero)
The price of the cytological magma is about $50/appreciation, and in Mäori, the Mäori rate is higher (94.79% in 2018 for the two-fold magnificent magma) and currently for the market, it is only the Duconghua family, 2016-2018, the 2nd of the Concorch creature.
In fact, due to the need for five vaccinations for the DMT standard inoculation procedures, the DMT has achieved a high rate of growth of 34.49, 91.01,07.26 million, but the price per person is $1275, compared to the price of 250 per person for the Vero cell dysentery.
It is much higher, requiring strong marketing and academic extension capabilities to gradually increase penetration. Concorch is now a national sole-product firm with weak self-extensive capacity and no other leading firms to promote and carry on, so market access is still low.
At present, the more rapid progress in the development of the two-fold magma consists mainly of the Contai, Chengdu and Ji Feikoma, of which the two-fold magma has completed the iii phase and is expected to be produced in the second half of 2019 and is expected to be approved by the end of 2020 or 2021, and Chengdu is currently in the ii phase of the clinic, which is two times the size of the Chi Failong Koma.
In July 2018, the Vero cell freeze-dry saplings developed by Ji Feilongkomazeng, which is currently in clinical iii, are expected to be completed in 2019 and registered for production in the first half of 2020 and are expected to be approved in the second half of 2021, were issued clinically and are expected to be marketed in 2023-2024 as a long-term growth point.
Because of the total market capacity of the rabies vaccine and the current market share of the two-fold magma is only 3.1%, the future market space is huge, and the two-fold magma of the smart-flying creature is expected to be less than one year in the evening than the product of the Contaire creature, but given the great marketing capacity of the smart-flying creature, we look forward to the expected release of the two-fold magma when the company is on the market.
We predict and measure that in 2021-2024, the company's double-breeding is expected to reach 200,000, 150,3 and 4-priced influenza virus fission vaccine. Influenza is a short term for influenza, due to respiratory and other diseases caused by influenza viruses.
In healthy children and adults, the influenza virus is an acute, restrictive disease. The influenza virus is a ran virus, divided into three sub-types, a (a), b (b), c (c), of which a (a), b (b) are more likely to cause a pandemic.
Influenza virus surface distributions with hemoglocin (ha) and neuro aminoase (na) are the most important surface antigens of the influenza virus, the main targets of the medium- and antibodies. But the genetic diversity of the two targets is very high, with different types of ha and na subtypes, and the combination of these different bases leads to hundreds of subtypes.
In 2013, the National Commission for the Care of the Influenza and the Center for Disease Control (cdc) joined the H1n1, H3n2 and b as seasonal flus (e.g., flu) and incorporated them into national statutory infectious diseases.
Since the reproducing of the influenza virus does not involve the nna calibration enzyme, it would be wrong to reproduce about 10,000 nucleic acids every time. There are two forms of variation of the flu virus, namely, antigen drifting and antigen transformation.
The former occurs in influenza A and B, the latter occurs mainly in influenza A. Antigen drifting makes it possible to re-infect the infected host. The antigen transformation allows the virus to create a new subtype, and there is a re-matching of mutations between the host ' s virus, which directly affects humans across the barrier of the species.
Influenza viruses are prone to mutation, which makes it more difficult to prevent influenza. In the winter of 2017, a peak of winter influenza in recent years, the number of cases and the number of deaths from influenza in the same period was higher than in previous years, mainly because of the mismatch between the influenza and pandemic strains in the country and the vaccine owners in the country.
To prevent a (h1n1) and a (h3n2) seasonal influenza virus and a (h3n2) influenza type b virus. There are two types of common epidemic strains: the Yamagata and the Victoria. The flu vaccine used at that time was three-priced, covering mainly a (h1n1) and a (h3n2) and b.
The four-priced influenza vaccine covering the Yamagata family was not approved in the country until June 2018, when the four-priced influenza vaccine was approved for the Waran and Longer Lives, and is currently produced only by the Warland Organisms.
In the winter of 2018, the influenza outbreak was unexpectedly higher than the same period in 2017, with the number of influenza cases and deaths reaching 1575,000 and 277 respectively in January-April 2019, compared to 516,000 in 2018 and a major influenza outbreak in the country in the last two years.
3211122 - Influenza incidences (millions) Influenza deaths (right, people)
In 2016-2018, we issued 2,417,000, 2.91 million and 16.15 million influenza vaccines, respectively. Influenza vaccines were generally concentrated in production and issuance in the second half of the year and were seasonal in nature. Of these, none were issued in 2018 and in 2016 and 2017.
In recent years, the issuance of influenza vaccines in our country has been measured on the basis of data issued in 2017, with three-priced influenza (child type) issued in the amount of 10.0552 million.
By contrast, the three-priced flu covered the haemagata strain in 2018, with a clear advantage, given that it covered four-priced influenza, which covered a toxic strain of haemorrhagic influenza in 2018.
In June, 5.12 million batches were issued by the Wallam organisms, and currently the drugs for influenza treatment are broadly classified as alkamines (glymethamines, glymethamines), neuroaminoase inhibitors (Ostawi, Zaminave, Pamilawe, etc.) and others (Libavelin, Middle Cheng, etc.)
The neurourbricase inhibitor is the dominant drug in current clinical applications because the strain of the epidemic has developed resistance to anesthetic drugs and the adverse effects of Libavelin are high. The Pandemic Influenza Program (2018 edition) makes Ostane the preferred drug, and Zaminave and Paramivi are usually used only as severe influenza.
During the high-prevalence flu season, Ostaway (Dafe) is frequently cut off, given the high number of patients in our country and their vulnerability to high-risk situations such as pregnant women, infants, the elderly and those with chronic basic diseases.
According to United States cdc data, the United States supplied about 145 million doses of four-priced influenza vaccine in 2016, for children.
Inoculation rates are 59% and 43.5% for adults, respectively, and in recent years the overall rate has remained at around 45%. Children and the elderly are at high risk of infection, with higher rates of vaccination, with 59% and 70.4% for children and over 65 years of age in the United States in 2016.
From 2012 onwards, who proposes to cover four-priced vaccines on a triple-price basis, as well as two strains of vaccine production. Four-priced influenza vaccines, four-priced influenza, four-priced influenza, are now on the market.
After becoming the mainstream of the US influenza vaccine, in my country most of the market is still in the hands of triple-priced influenza, given that the four-priced flu is currently approved by only one of the Huallan bio-businesses. Rongcoma’s four-price influenza is currently clinically in the iii phase and is expected to be completed by the end of 2019 and to be completed by mid-2020.
Like the rabies vaccine, in the future, four-priced influenza vaccine, although produced by a large company, has a huge industrial space, and our flu vaccination rate is currently extremely low, at less than 2%.
In the absence of influenza for many years, citizens are less aware of the influenza vaccine, but with the two consecutive winter influenza outbreaks in 2017 and 2018, we believe that there will be a significant increase in the awareness of citizens in the future; on the other hand, the previous three-priced influenza vaccine was at a lower price of $20 to $40 per vaccine and more producers.
Even if a single enterprise sells 5 million units, the corresponding sales amount is only 120 million yuan, making it difficult to pull through high-intensity academic education. However, the four-priced influenza vaccine is priced at $128 per cent, and the Wallan organism was approved in June 2018, and 5.12 million were issued that year, with a corresponding sales value of $650 million, and will be phased in as other firms move in the future.
The future of the flu vaccine industry will be fully opened with increased listing and vaccination rates. Although the 4-priced influenza vaccine of the wise-flying creature is expected to be approved in 2021 and will be marketed in 2022, given the company’s strong ability to sell, we still have confidence in the company’s 4-priced influenza vaccine, and we expect that 2021 will be sold.
(Wallan organisms were approved in June 2018, when the volume of distribution/sales reached 5.12 million) in combination with vaccines based on 108/ 4, acyw 135 groups of meningococococcal encephalitis, short-term encephalitis, an austomatic meningitis caused by meningoccus.
Invasive blood circulation from the nasal rim, resulting in sepsis, which is ultimately confined to the membrane and the spinal membrane, resulting in an abstinenced encephalitis. The symptoms of meningitis are similar to those of influenza and are difficult to detect at an early stage. If not treated in a timely manner, meningitis is lethal, with a mortality rate of about 20-35%.
The cerebral brain is transmitted mainly through air, with childhood-based diseases. Meningococcus has 13 main groups: a,b,c,d,x,y,z,29e,w (i.e. w135),h,i,k,l. Currently, human diseases are mainly caused by six groups: a group, b group, c group,
x-groups, y-groups, and w-groups. The x-groups currently have no vaccine to prevent, and the five other groups have one vaccine. The cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral ce.
In addition, Africa and Saudi Arabia have had brain outbreaks caused by w135 groups, while in some Western countries there have been brain outbreaks caused by c-groups. As a result, the composition of the brain vaccine varies from country to country, with some countries using group c vaccines, some using group a vaccines, and others using a vaccine.
Some use acwy vaccines. The trend is to include as many groups as possible and expand the protection of the disease.
Retrieving antigens made from bacterial membrane multi-sugar responses that induce antibodies are non-t-cell-dependent responses, aiding t-cells for memory b cells to mature, and antibodies produced without t-cell participation do not produce immune memory and do not have high filiation power against the protogeny, so multi-sugar vaccines do not provide long-term protection. At the same time, they do not provide long-term protection because they are two years old.
The following infant and young child immunization systems are not yet mature and t support lymphocytes are not yet mature, and therefore the assisted b lymphocyte synthesis antibodies are less capable of providing effective protection for infants and young children under two years of age. In addition, multi-sugar vaccines are not readily available for use as a booster vaccine because of the low immuno-remographic level of their development.
Conversely, when combined with the co-price of vaccines and vector proteins, it can change the immunological properties of multiple sugars by providing t-cell support, and in the combination of vaccines, the immunogeneity of multi-sugars is significantly enhanced, resulting in high affinity and antibodies and memory b cells, which can be used to strengthen immunizations to further enhance and strengthen the immune response.
The multi-sugar vaccine immune principle, combined with the vaccine immune principle, the wood cells.
On the whole, it can be seen that combined vaccines are significantly more effective than multi-sugar vaccines, so the dominant trend around the world is to phase out multi-sugar vaccines and use combined vaccines. Beginning in 2008, the US completely phased out acew, and began to implement the flow.
Acew. Under the latest United States immunization programme, a brain 4-priced multi-sugar vaccine (acyw) was proposed for the start of a brain 4 vaccine at the age of 2 months for special high-risk populations, and for all children at the age of 11 or 12 for the first dose of a brain 4 vaccine (acyw) at the age of 16 years, with an enhanced dose at the age of 18 years.
These adults also need to be vaccinated with 1 to 2 doses of brain-flux 4 and, depending on the risk, with a total of four products currently on the United States market: menactra (acwy cerebral combination vaccine, Sanofibasd production), menveo (acwy brain combination vaccine, gsk production),
Tremumba (b cerebral protein vaccine, produced by Pfizer) and Bexero (b cerebral protein vaccine, produced by gsk).
In the United States, immunization plans until the age of 18 are 18 years old. Forthosewhofallbehindstrartlate, providecatch-upvactionatthelareastportunityindidicatedbygreenbarsintable.
Todetermineminimumintervalsbetweendoses, seethecatch-upschedule (table 2). schoolryandadolescentvacineagegroupsareshadingray.
Currently, there are five types of cerebral cerebral vaccines listed on the national market, including a cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral vaccine, acyw 135 cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral vaccine and ac-hib III vaccine.
Of these, a cerebral glucose vaccine and ac cerebral glucose vaccine fall into the category of seedlings, with one dose of a cerebral glucose vaccine at the age of June and September, respectively, and one dose of ac cerebral glucose vaccine at the age of three and six, respectively.
But in practice, as mentioned earlier, the use of a glucose vaccine for infants under 2 years of age is not very effective, and we judge that this is due to the fact that the country has had a severe brain outbreak and the choices it has made with the country's economic capacity, and that children under 2 years of age, especially those under 1 years of age, are the age groups most at risk for brain transfer, and with the domestic market.
The ac group combines two type II brain combination vaccines with the ac-hib vaccine, which addresses the previously under-protection problems of children under 2 years of age. The ac group combines the brain mix with one dose each in the June and September years of age, which is a complete substitute for the multiplicity of a brain stream in the planned immunization.
Sugar vaccine, which not only has a good immune effect but also increases the immunisation effect on the c-group brain, while the ac-hib triple vaccine is 3 doses in the 2-May age group, one month apart, and 1 dose in the 12-71 age group, which boosts the immunisation, which is more pronounced than the ac-group combined brain vaccine, on the one hand by raising the vaccination time from the June age group.
At the age of February, the risk exposure has declined significantly, while at the same time avoiding separate hib vaccinations, reducing the previous ac+hib to a total of seven doses to four, simplifying the vaccination process considerably, and the dependency and accessibility of the inoculations. On the other hand, a brain outbreak in recent years in the country has shown a significant decline in the previously dominant group of a.
W groups, c groups, b groups, have become the mainstream, especially the b group, which provides protection for our cerebral vaccinations. At present, we have on the market acyw 135 sets of multi-genetic cerebral vaccines capable of preventing a group, c group, y group, and w135 groups of four cerebral encephalococcals, with one dose for each of the three and six years of age, respectively, which is theoretically a substitute for the country.
In the immunization programme, there is also the problem of ac brain glucose vaccine, which is not available for infants under 2 years of age, while immunization is not effective. Moreover, unlike the rest of the population, b brain flow requires special processes to produce protein vaccine, and there is currently no b brain glucose vaccine on the market.
For cerebral vaccinations under the age of 12 years, the main ones currently include a glucose vaccine, ac combinary cerebral vaccine and ac-hib triple seedlings, with a mass issuance of 39,94,000 in 2017, which corresponds to 17.9 million, covering almost all newborns, of which the share of the combined seedlings has continued to rise, especially ac-hib, as a result of capacity.
The number of vaccinations has been significantly reduced, and the market share has continued to rise. For cerebral vaccinations over the age of 12 years, mainly ace brain glucose and acyw 135 cerebral glucose vaccines.
For infants under the age of December, we are now able to prevent only a group and a group of c. There are still significant gaps in the overall coverage of prevention with the outside group of a group, c group, y group, w group and b group, especially in recent years. The brain outbreak has begun to shift to a group of cerebral bacteria, and new vaccines are urgently needed.
The special protein vaccine process required, which is currently the best vaccine against other cerebral cerebral strains for infants under one year of age, is the acyw 135 cerebral combination vaccine, with the fastest progress being made by the Consino Organism (h-stock listing company), which completed the iii clinical phase in October 2018, and is expected to submit production applications in the second half of 2019 and is expected to be completed in late 2019.
In late 2020 or at the beginning of 2021, followed by the swirling under the flag of the wise-flying creature, we are now in phase ii, since both the ac-hib 3 and the acyw 135 brain combination vaccine are applicable to brain attacks under the age of 12 years, and although each product is unique and superior, it is somewhat exclusive, and we are selling it at the same time for the company's future.
10,000, 8 million, 10 million, acyw 135 sold at zero, 1.5 million, 3 million, 4.5 million, respectively, and we expect that, with Consino and Qi Fei Bien, among other companies, on the market in China, the traditional multi-sugar vaccine will be phased out through continuous academic outreach and education, and the combination of vaccines will become market-driven.
In addition, the company had previously sold the acyw 135 cerebral glucose vaccine at a price of only $65 per cent, starting with the year q4 set 10 years ago, and is expected to sell it as a major autonomous species over the next two years, on the one hand by filling the short ac-hib gap and, on the other hand, by supplementing the acyw 135 cerebral combination before the vaccine is placed on the market.
We expect that in 2024-2025, the company will have an ev71 foot and foot vaccine, a double-priced foot and foot vaccine, a double-priced vaccine for Sonner's dysentery, a restructuring of the non-viral multi-priced vaccine, a 100-percent white and broken vaccine, a frozen dryer with a rabies vaccine (vero cells), a life-cycle virus vaccine, and so on.
1 ev71 Osteoporosis vaccine and double-priced Osteoporosis vaccine Hand foot and foot disease (handfootandmouthdiseseehfmd) is a childhood infectious disease known as rash hydritis.
A number of children can cause complications such as myocardial disease, emphysema, and sterile meningitis. Individual patients with serious illnesses can die if they develop quickly. The disease is mainly clinical with hand, foot, and mouth mucouses or ulcer formation after a breakup.
Malaysia, Japan, Singapore, Viet Nam, Korea, Thailand, Cambodia, among others. We are the country with the highest number of reported cases of foot-to-mouth disease in the world. Since 2008, we have integrated foot-to-mouth disease into the management of Category C infectious diseases.
High-intensity epidemic, rising from 3701/10 thousand in 2008 to 169.4 per 100,000 in 2018, with the number of cases and deaths still at the top of category C infectious diseases.
There is a low incidence of STDs, with a gradual increase from the age of June, with children aged 1 to 2 at the highest risk of morbidity. Young children are at a higher risk of serious illness and death.
The most common cases are the intestinal virus, type 71 (ev71) and the Kosachi virus, type a16 (ca16), most of which are caused by v-71 infections. Between 2008 and 2015, approximately 570,000 Hfmd laboratory diagnostic cases were reported throughout the country.
In addition, there are 74% cases of serious diseases and 93% of deaths. In order to prevent the spread of Hfmd and related diseases caused by the infection, several countries or regions have taken action.
In addition, there are no special medications available for treatment of foot-to-mouth diseases and anti-vev71 infections, and there are no anti-vev71 vaccines.
The virus is the most lethal form of death, and the injection of the ev71 vaccine is the most important means of controlling the disease. Three companies have now been approved for the production of the intestinal virus ev71 vaccine, which has been on the rise since 2016 in Chinese medical science.
The amount issued was 33.09 million, and even if conservatively calculated in terms of the specifications of 168 dollars/bottle, the corresponding amount of sales of the intestinal virus ev71 elimination vaccine in 2018 was approximately $5.56 billion.
By two/persons, rolling for three years starting in 2016 (conservative estimates of Beijing’s Quantico and Wusheng products are only 10,000, measuring about 60% of the current intestinal virus ev-exercise vaccine. Vaccines have been approved and will not preclude future exports to other Asia-Pacific countries with high levels of hand-to-hand disease, thus opening up further growth.
In addition to the three enterprises mentioned above, the intestinal viral ev71 vaccine is currently being approved for clinical treatment in five companies, such as Conte, Twilight Lantern and Warland, which are now at the fastest stage of clinical progress and are being approved in the Year, and will receive a share of the market from the huge market for hand-held foot-and-mouth vaccine.
Humans, however, still have 2,376,000 people infected with foot-to-mouth disease in 2018 (Veh71 accounted for only 44% of foot-to-mouth disease), and the number infected in 2018 is even higher than the 1,952,000 people infected in 2017. Thus, the future trend will be one of double-priced vaccines for foot-to-mouth disease (ev71, ca16), or even more expensive ones.
Although the ev71 vaccine has now been produced by three companies and has been followed by a number of company clinics, the future trend is to prevent the double-priced foot-to-mouth vaccine of ev71+ca16, which is now pre-clinical only for the Waran and the wise-flying creatures, and we expect that the double-priced foot-to-mouth vaccine for the wise-flying organisms will be approved around 2025.
With the remarkable advantage of double-priced foot-to-mouth vaccine, the competition for hand-to-hand and foot vaccine will be reversed, taking over the market for the existing ev71 foot-to-hand vaccine. Given that double-priced foot-to-mouth vaccine is expected to be higher than the ev71 vaccine, we expect that its potential market space is expected to be at 10 billion levels.
Bacterial dysentery is a worldwide epidemic of acute infectious diseases caused by bacterium dysentery, which is transmitted mainly by means of dung, with a very small dose of infection and a typical dysentery produced by 10 to 100 bacteria.
The disease is a major clinical symptom of abdominal pain, diarrhoea, diarrhea, haemorrhage, sepsis, etc. The incidence of bacterial dysentery has been at the forefront of the legal category A and B infectious disease for years, and according to the epidemiological reports, it is common to all age groups, among infants and the elderly, and more often in the fall of summer.
Diarrhoea is responsible for 80% of the 24 statutory communicable diseases, while diarrhea accounts for 50% of the total incidence of diarrhoea and poses a serious threat to the health of the population, especially the health of infants and young children, to the attention of governments around the world. More than 160 million cases per year worldwide kill 1 million people, the vast majority of whom are children under the age of 5.
In 2016, the number of cases of bacterial dysentery in all age groups in the country (thousands) Immunized the population using the two-priced dysentery vaccine for oral Fossil and Songné is an important measure to prevent and reduce morbidity among the population.
(fsm2117) Intestine solubility capsules have been made, approved for listing as early as 2002, followed by a nationwide roll-out due to higher vaccine standards (no batch issuance data since 09). January 2015, the company ' s fully-owned subsidiary, Beijing-based China Green Bamboo Biopharmaceus Ltd. and An Qui-Filong.
Coma Biopharmaceuticals Ltd. co-declared a double-priced vaccine for the sodium dysentery of the Foe, which is a new type of prophylactic product, not only a major project for major new drugs at the national level, but also a global innovation, and is currently marketed without the same type of vaccine on the domestic and international markets and in high demand.
As shown in the figure above, the highest number of cases occurred among infants under the age of two, while the previous two-priced live vaccination age for Faw and Songner dysentery in Lanzhou began after the age of three, while the company ' s dysentery vaccine, used as a combined vaccine from the age of March, significantly reduced the risk of dysentery in children and had a strong competitive advantage.
Currently, the company ' s two-priced vaccine for soybean dysentery is in clinical stage ii. Since the vaccine is declared as a new type of drug, it requires safety tests for i and ii periods, the overall clinical process is longer, and we expect 4.5 million copies to be equal, assuming a price of 500 yuan per person, the sales revenue is 2.3 billion yuan.
The World Health Organization's WHO data show that infectious diarrhoea is one of the 10 leading causes of death worldwide. About 1.7 billion people die every year.
Diarrhoea is the second cause of death, especially among children under five. About one-fifth of the world ' s acute gastrointestinal inflammation is caused by the virus, and research suggests that acute gastrointestinal inflammation due to viral infections in our country is about 20%, with an annual prevalence rate of about 6/100 persons in the whole age group, including children under 5 years of age.
In addition, according to the United States cdc, the virus produces $60 billion a year in medical costs and productivity losses globally. Noelox and rotavirus are two of the most important pathogens of acute gastrointestinal infestation in infants and young children, due to rotaviruses.
The spread of vaccines, such as the virus, is increasingly attracting global attention because of its tendency to replace rotavirus as the common pathogen of viral acute gastrointestinal inflammation. No, such as the rapid mutation of the virus, high environmental resistance, low doses of infection, short lurking periods after infection, long detoxification times,
As a result of the short period of immunization protection and the diversity of modes of transmission and the general vulnerability of the whole population, the virus is highly contagious and rapidly transmitted. Based on genetic characteristics, the virus is divided into six gene groups (genoggroup, gi-gvi), gi and gii.
Giv is also infected by the two major gene groups that cause acute gastrointestinal inflammation in humans, with a total of 29 sensory genotypes. The following are some of the major challenges in preventing HIV infection:
Since the Noel virus does not grow effectively in cells and does not produce large-scale in vitro culture, the \triangleright-based extinction and detoxification strategy does not apply to the development of the virus vaccine.
The virus has more than 20 subtypes and is changing, and there is a lack of cross-fertilization between subtypes.
Infected with a virus, it can still re-infect a virus of the same or different strains. The four-priced vaccine (Hanson yeast) and the wise-flying creature have been given clinical trials of the virus vaccine (Bish yeast) batches, beginning at the clinical stage.
Of these, the 4-priced virus vaccine of the wise-flying creature, developed in collaboration with the full-time subsidiary, Gifeilongkoma, and the Shanghai Basteur Research Institute, uses genetic engineering technology using the Bishreath mother as the source protein expression system, and lists four sub-types of neptunium vp1 of the virus, followed by high-density fermentation, collection of fungi, etc.
Obtaining four subviral sample particles of single-priced primary fluids. Researchers have identified four virus sub-types that are widely prevalent in the country, which theoretically prevent 80% to 90% of non-viral infections and the acute gastrointestinal inflammation associated with them, in order to obtain the next highest price of a clinically licensed vaccine worldwide.
Based on 13 million newborns, assuming a future vaccination rate of 35 per cent, the company's four-priced seedlings, which account for 90 per cent of the annual sales due to their significant advantages, corresponds to 4.1 million copies, cf. Mossaton's five price, rotational virus vaccine is priced at $840 per person, assuming that due to the higher technical barriers to the virus vaccine, the price is assumed to be 840 dollars per person.
1,000 yuan per person, with 4.1 million sales for the company.4 billion yuan. 4-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Toxoids are proportionally proportional and are effective against the three diseases of pertussis, diphtheria and tetanus. Currently, the DTP has been integrated into the national immunization programme, with one dose each in the three, four, five, and 18 months of age, and one dose of DPT at the age of six as a booster of immunization.
Between 2016 and 2018, the country issued 136 million, 120 million and 5871 million vaccines, a yearly average of 2,622 million. The 100-white vaccine was divided into dtwp and dtap.
An effective antigen (pt, fha, dt, tt) of the vaccine is the same, the main difference being that the co-purification of the pertussis vaccine is prepared in the production process by the pertussis-wide system, which involves co-purification of the pertussis antigens, which makes it difficult to control production on an ad hoc basis, resulting in a difference in the amount of per dose of the pertussis antigen. On the contrary, the non-cellular pertussis vaccine
Each pertussis antigen is purified separately, and it is fitted at a fixed scale, thus ensuring a fixed and consistent approach. The consequence is, on the one hand, that the whole cell albino vaccine, which is based on the use of the universal system of pertussis, contains, in addition to its active components, a variety of harmful by-products, such as fat and sugar, that cause by-products.
Sub-responses after vaccination are high and severe; on the other hand, co-purified 100-white vaccines protect only infants up to the age of 2 years and do not provide effective and durable immunization protection as an intensive post-immunization vaccine. This is also the case with the use of a single dose of white-collar vaccine as a booster at the age of 6 in the national immunization plan.
In our immunization program, which has already been used as an immunization program abroad, there is a lack of whooping cough and a certain deficiency in the strengthening of immunization. At present, the anti-cellular albino vaccine, which is on the market in the country, has been prepared for co-purification techniques, and is currently being studied in the clinical field.
We expect that the company will receive a clinical batch of 100-white vaccine in the second half of 2019, in accordance with reasonable progress.
Although there are more producers of this variety, it is expected to replace a seedling with five needles per person (a base of four needles plus one boost in immunization), a potentially large market space and a strong marketing capacity for companies, and we expect that even if conservative predictions are made, we will be able to find a solution to this problem.
If the company's income and net profit were to be limited by the adsorption of cellless perch vaccine alone, the company's strategic importance in studying the species was that, after the company's adoption of a co-vaccination vaccine with cellless perch, frozen ac-hib production was processed, the company was able to further develop and declare that it had no cell perch.
The combination of +freezing ac-hib and the subsequent adsorption of cellless +acyw135+hib +8 seedlings, once they are marketed, will have a significant advantage in optimizing and reducing the number of vaccinations planned, which would actually be equivalent to the sale of type two seedlings, which will become the market where the original type of seedlings are located and further developed.
There is a huge market space for vaccines. 5.3. Markets consider companies to be sales companies and should not be overvalued.
We believe that the company's partnership with Mercantón is not a loose proxy, that the vaccine industry is much more regulated from production to circulation than drugs, and that the 2016 regulations governing vaccine circulation and vaccination prevention provide that:
The foreign vaccine manufacturer of the vaccine should designate an agency within the country to sell all vaccines imported by the manufacturer in a uniform manner, while the circulation of the vaccine is “one-vote” and is distributed directly to the county CDC, the company being the exclusive agent (only one) in the country and the country's most capable of selling vaccines.
Industry, it can be said that companies are the alternative in terms of both policy rules and markets, and this intergenerational relationship goes far beyond the general proxy relationship in the domestic pharmaceutical field, so we believe that the income and profits generated under this model should not be significantly lower in valuation than from the product category.
In the city, the 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine has a marketing potential of 5 billion yuan, the 4-priced virus vaccine has a marketing potential of 4 billion yuan, the cow branch branch bacterium vaccine, the double larvae plus the frozen disease (vero cell), the 4-priced cerebral combination vaccine, the two-price combination vaccine for the Songné dysentery disease, the ev71 intestinal virus vaccine plus double-priced foot and foot disease.
The vaccine has a sales potential of $2 billion to $3 billion, the 4-priced influenza vaccine, 23-priced multi-sugar vaccine, and the co-inhalation of half-billion-dollar cogeneration vaccine. In the long term, the company also has ac-hib-100-bold six-mode, acyw 135-hib-100-bold eight-gauge seedlings, etc., which are in the process of being studied.
Vaccines are being released very quickly, and it can be expected that in the coming years, many of these super-pound varieties will be on the market, not just driving companies' revenues and profits to continue to grow rapidly, but at the same time, the company's income and profit structure will also be 11 billion yuan, or 49 per cent, of its own species, with a net profit margin expected for autonomous products.
Higher, with 71% expected. So, we believe that the company’s future valuation is expected to continue to be repaired, and that the company will show a two-fold improvement in performance and valuation.6 The company’s long-term market value is expected to go beyond 200 billion and not fall into Hpv vaccine sales.
The new formulation 6.1, ac-hib is expected to be approved in 2020, with a limited impact on the company ac-hib being one of the heavy-pound varieties that the company has developed autonomously.
For a period of five years, 5 million copies were sold in 2018, equivalent to 1.25 million copies per person at 4 needles. First, the ac-hib is a combined seedling, which has a better immunisation effect than the ac-sugar seedlings in the national immunization plan. At the same time, the inoculation age from the June-to-February age of the brain of a group is advanced to the February-to-February age of one.
The risk of exposure for infants and young children has been reduced, and, to a lesser extent, ac-hib 3 doses of multi-sugar plus 4 doses of 4 doses of vaccine have been vaccinated, requiring only 4 doses, which has resulted in a significant simplification of vaccination procedures and an increase in the number of vaccinations.
On 2 April 2014, the ac-hib vaccine was registered with the former National Directorate of Monitoring of Food Drugs and Drugs for a period of five years.
The Authority submitted an application for re-registration of the ac-hib vaccine, which, as of now, had not been completed and the company had not received a re-registration request. Given that the original pharmaceutical approval number was valid until 1 April 2019, the subsidiary would suspend the production of the ac-hib vaccine until it had been re-registered.
The announcement of the above-mentioned information has led to a significant drop in stock prices, and we expect that the standard threshold will continue to rise as the vaccine industry continues to tighten, but the ac-hib triad has been on the market for five years, with over 10 million cumulative sales, with no adverse effects of scale and serious incidents.
The most conservative expectation is that the re-registration of the ac-hib vaccine will not be approved, but we predict and measure that the company produced and issued ac-hib before 2 April 2019, but not sold, is expected to be around 6 million, and that this product will remain normal in 2019 and 2020 q1
Marketing, q1~q2 is expected to reach 1 million to 1.5 million by 2020, so the new oc-hib vaccine company ' s frozen ac-hib brain combined vaccine will actually be issued and sold. At the same time, the market will not have to worry about a return to the company ' s frozen ac-hib brain combined vaccine sales in 2021.
In December 2014, the ac-hib vaccine was approved. 1.6 million were sold in 2015, and in March 2016, the Shandong vaccine incident prevented the industry from operating normally in 2016, but in 2017 the company ac-hib reached nearly 4 million sales. As can be seen, the vaccine industry ' s preventive attributes and marketing model determined a real market.
We believe that the ac-hib vaccine has a significant advantage, as the company's exclusive species, and we believe that it has a potential sales size of 4 million and a corresponding sales volume of 16 million, and that the market is expected to reach a market size of 3.4 billion at 210 yuan/contribution prices.
The impact of the whole event, with millions of dollars in revenue out of 1.5 billion yuan, is mainly reflected in the fact that corporate performance in the first three quarters of 2020 is still expected to grow by more than 50 per cent, with no long-term impact on the company ' s medium- and long-term development, with 6.2 and five-price rotations starting in 2019.
Human Rotavirus (hrv) is the leading cause of severe acute gastrointestinal inflammation and dehydration among infants and young children worldwide, caused by diarrhea caused by the infection of small intestinal cortex cells, resulting in cellular damage, almost all children have been infected with hrv three to five years after birth, and approximately 525,000 children under five die of diarrhoea every year.
Of children under the age of 5 years, approximately 13 million cases of transmissible diarrhea occur each year, 2.5 million cases of transmissible diarrhea are reported each year, 230,000 cases of transmissible diarrhea are hospitalized each year, and the cumulative cost of medical care is nearly 800 million yuan per year.
Compared to developed and developing countries (as in the case of BRICS and some Asian countries), we have a higher mortality rate from the virus. Of every 100,000 children under 5 years of age, 3.5 die from the virus, which is much higher than in other developed countries.
Three times as much as Brazil. For infants and young children infected with Rotavirus, there is currently no specific treatment, effective vaccine prevention is currently classified as a type of vaccine in developed countries such as the United States, where all children are vaccinated free of charge at State expense, and 73% in the United States. The vaccine is still in category II in our country and is consumed.
At its own expense, the vaccination rate in the country is currently less than 5%. Previously, only the State of Lanzhou produced an oral rotavirus vaccine (a commodity called Rotwe), which is adapted to prevent diarrhoea caused by a group of infants and young children.
In 2018, a total of 5.15 million doses of the oral Rotavirus vaccine were issued in Lanzhou, for 1.72 million doses, regardless of the booster needles, taking into account the number of infants between the ages of 6 and 3 and the number of infants between 6 and 3 years of age at least 40 million.
The Rotavirus vaccine has undergone three generations of technological development, and the single-priced Rotavirus vaccine in Lanzhou uses the first-generation technology to immunize animals (e.g., cattle, monkeys) directly to humans. It does not work well. It is no longer needed abroad.
The single-priced rotavirus vaccine in Lanzhou can only prevent g10p [12] serum rotavirus, while Mercado is an oral rotavirus five-priced live vaccine for 6- to 32-week-old infants, using three doses in oral form.
Prevention of gastrointestinal disease caused by serotypes g1, g2, g3, g4 and p1. In addition, in terms of effectiveness angles, the data from Rotro and Rhodes show similar effectiveness, with more than 80% effectiveness in developed countries, more than 90% effectiveness in the prevention of HDR infection in developing countries, and proven high effectiveness in developing countries.
Table 26: Comparison of the main three major rotational virus vaccines. On 19 April 2018, the Meshadong five-priced vaccine was approved for import, and on 18 September 2018 it was issued and officially placed on the domestic market.
Previously, Länder sold about 5 million units of single-priced rotavirus vaccine, at a unit price of $172 million, with sales revenue close to $1 billion, but the rate of penetration remains low, and we expect that the main reason for this is that Länder itself, as a state enterprise, has a general capacity to sell.
\triangleright single-priced rotavirus vaccine only prevents single serum rotavirus, which is deficient in efficacy, safety, and, most importantly, its vaccination procedure is used once a year, from six months of birth to three years of age, 4-5 years of age.
Once more, the inoculation is less dependent. And Mossathon's five-priced rotavirus vaccine has a significant advantage in its efficacy and safety, while its intake process is the first dose to be taken from 6 to 12 weeks of age, followed by a interval of 4 to 10 weeks and completed within 32 weeks of age.
With all three doses of oral inoculation, the vaccination period is concentrated in the child’s 32nd week of age, and the inoculation is better. At the same time, the ability of Ji-fui creatures to sell is remarkable compared to that of Lanzhou, and we understand that because of the company’s generation,
The Mercertonhpv vaccine continues to be in a state of oversupply, and since 2019 the company has been focusing its tests on sales personnel, mainly on the five-priced rotavirus vaccine, and the sales of the five-priced rotavirus vaccine have been able to obtain a higher Hpv sales quota and a higher total sales volume, which has led to higher sales.
In fact, Meshadong's five-priced round vaccine is not a good procedure and age group in the country, requiring oral first dose for 6-12 weeks, second dose for 4-10 weeks between oral and first dose, third dose completed by 32 weeks (August age) at the latest, with a very demanding time frame for the vaccination process, window period
It's very narrow, and during this time period there are many types of seedlings to be vaccinated for newborn babies, and under these difficult conditions, the monthly distribution of the company's five-priced rotation vaccine is significant, and it is expected that sales will be completed throughout the year in proportion to the base purchase agreement signed by Mercerton, reflecting an exceptionally strong marketing and extension capacity of the company.
In July 2018, the company announced the signing of a five-priced rotational vaccine supplement with Mercerton Corporation of the United States, in which it signed an oral five-priced rotational virus detoxification vaccine (Vero cell) - the basis for a five-price rotation vaccine.
The volume of procurement plans, 2018-2021, the base purchase of five-priced round vaccines, 247 million, 6.5 years of progress of approved issuance and the discrepancy between initial base purchases and end sales, 2019-2021, is broadly consistent with our assumptions, to some extent side-faced, confirming the convergence of our assumptions.
6.3. The agent Hpv vaccine began to drop significantly after its peak in 2023, concentrating its own heavy-pound varieties on the market against the above-mentioned effects.
From 2019 to 2020, corporate income and net profits will also be protected by Hpv and five-priced rotational vaccines with high growth, and the listing of cow branch bacterium vaccine and ec test agents is expected to further boost public access to dry ac-hib III, 15-price pneumococcal combination vaccine, double rabies vaccine, 4-price influenza.
Multiple pounds of viral crack vaccine, acyw4-priced cerebral combination vaccine, etc., will continue to grow rapidly, driven by the company’s rapid growth. The company’s highest-pound proxy Hpv vaccine is expected to reach its peak, starting in 2024, and will be sold thereafter.
Revenue is likely to decline gradually, but the company will be coming up with the ev71 rabies vaccine, double-priced ecstasy vaccine, double-priced diarrhea vaccine, recombinant non-viral multi-priced vaccine, a 100 percent white-and-white vaccine, frozen rabies vaccine (Vero cell), life-cycle virus vaccine,
Not only did the listing of the dozens of heavy-pound species, such as the HCV vaccine and the restructuring of the hepatitis B vaccine (Hanson yeast), further drive the company to continue to grow rapidly, but it was also able to withstand the effects of the gradual decline in revenues after the peak of Hpv vaccine sales in 2024.
Because Hpv has a net profit margin of 16 to 18% as an agent, while the net profit rate for an autonomous heavyweight species has fallen by 16 billion dollars, an autonomous product will need only about 6.5 billion dollars in revenue to withstand the profit effects of the decline in Hpv vaccine income. As noted earlier, only 15-priced pneumocococcal combination vaccines and heavy
The market capacity of the two varieties of the Unito virus multi-priced vaccine is 5 billion yuan and 4 billion yuan, so the company will not face future revenues and profits from the sales of the proxy Hpv vaccine.
The ec is expected to be approved in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020, and partly resistant to the ac-hib of 30,000 sales, thereby contributing about $450 million in revenue from the sale of its own products. Starting in 2021, corporate income from autonomous products will begin to grow at a high rate, with a heavy freeze on the one hand.
Ac-hib 3Ds were marketed in 2021, and two company-owned products were approved in 2021 and 2024.
In 2023 (see Hpv vaccine section above), Hpv vaccine sales dropped significantly in 2024, from a net profit that will significantly exceed agency varieties, after which the net profit share of the company ' s autonomous product will continue to rise significantly. Under the above assumptions, the company will have received the Hpv vaccine after peaking in 2019-2026, as shown in the figure below.
As a result, corporate income fell by 37 per cent in 2024, net profits fell by only 18 per cent, mainly from the high net profitability of owned products, and its rapid growth was partly counterproductive to the impact of the large decline in hpv, while in 2025 and 2026, companies would continue to achieve a new wave of autonomous products, driven by a peak in the approval of their own products.
Thus, it can be seen that the company will not be caught up in the revenues and profits of the agency ' s Hpv vaccine sales, which will fall off the cliff. Instead, the company will be able to counter the effects by placing a dozen heavy-pound varieties on the market, and starting in 2024, the company will be integrated into R & D + sales, with its own products as the main profit structure.
On June 5, 2019, the company announced the second draft of the employee holding plan, which was finalized.
It is implemented in the form of a trust scheme with a ceiling of $700 million, with a 1:1 ratio of priority shares and lower and lower grades, in which the employee holding plan raises no more than $350 million to buy lower and lower-grade shares.
The employee holding plan has a 36-month duration and a 12-month locking period, starting with the transfer of the company’s last bid to the title of the trust scheme. This employee holding plan is intended for the company’s core and affiliates’ core staff.
Over 800 persons, of whom 13 senior managers, directors, supervisors, directors of companies participating in the SMPs, proposed to join the SRP of $103 million, while the rest of the staff proposed to subscribe to the SRP of $247 million in total.
In either case, the leverage of the employee ownership scheme demonstrates the firm’s and its staff’s confidence in the company’s development.
We look forward to the vaccine industry, which will be governed by the chaos, and the industry’s regulatory stance is unprecedented. It is inevitable that in the coming years, the industry will be reshuffling and increasing its concentration, while the variety of second-class seedlings will continue to be marketed, the space for industry will be opened further, from R & D to sales in the vaccine industry.
As far as capital power is concerned, we believe that smart-flying organisms have a significant lead and are most likely to emerge as absolute leaders in the field of vaccines, with a market value of 200 billion. The re-registration of the ac-hib seedlings triggered a fall in corporate stock prices, a rational analysis, and the impact of the event was limited to the impact.
Starting with the event, which caused the company to lose only about 10 per cent of its profits in 2020 compared to what was originally expected, but the cow branch bacterium vaccine and prefilled acyw 135 cerebral glucose disease.
Sub-investor interest ignores the value of many other aspects of the announcement. On the one hand, the company's imminent approval of a microcard plusec diagnostic reagent is expected to achieve rapid release and exceed market expectations, driven by major national policies, and sales revenues are expected to break out in 2023.
2 billion yuan; on the other hand, the company is the richest of all vaccine companies and is expected to peak twice in 2022 and 2025, not only to withstand the impact of the decline in revenues after the peak of the Hpv vaccine, but also to contribute to sustained corporate income and net profits.
Newly high, we expect the company's revenues and net profits to reach $36.8 billion and $13.4 billion in 2026, the lowest evaluated among vaccine companies, and the largest and most valuable producer in the pipeline, we believe that the company's value is undervalued and covers the first time that it is rated as “strongly recommended”.
Risks of new products being approved less than expected; of existing products being sold less than expected; of new products being marketed less than expected; of individual varieties not being approved as scheduled; and of termination of cooperation with Mercerton.