Chinese smelt (601618.sh)
RMB, 5.12 per cent higher than the previous year; $6,669 million in revenue from resource development operations and $6,669 million in non-metallurgical engineering for newly signed engineering contracts. During the reporting period, the company achieved $12,04,980 million in new contracts, an increase of 18.17 per cent over the same period of the previous year.
The amount of the contract for the new non-metallurgical works was $10,02,972 million, an increase of 20.09 per cent, or 86.41 per cent, and an increase of 1.06 pct, compared to last year. As the steel plant moved and the structural dividends, such as the replacement of capacity, were phased out.
In a “double carbon” context, a reduction in carbon emissions from gold management projects offers an opportunity for companies. At the same time, companies continue to operate in the housing and infrastructure domain, deepening their engagement with strategic customers, such as local governments and large firms.
In the future, it is expected that the share of non-metallurgical engineering under new contracts will continue to rise.
The company is the world’s largest metal construction contractor and metal company operator, and the industry’s leader is strong. At the same time, the company actively expands other areas, housing and infrastructure.
Income from construction continued to grow; major breakthroughs were made in the areas of eco-environmental protection (including municipal sewage treatment, riverway management, waste incineration, solid waste disposal, soil restoration, mine rehabilitation), new energy projects, thematic parks, etc.; real estate, etc.
In the area of resource development, the “double carbon” strategy has led to major adjustments in the structure of the supply of and demand for minerals and the emergence of new technologies.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.