Electronic semiconductor, leader of a national cpu manufacturer, in a fast-growing period, leader of a national high-end processor, in an outbreak. Sealight has been focused on it for eight years since its inception.
Advanced microprocessors, a joint venture with md in 2016, received technical authorization and support to join the X86 camp. After the change in the stock system in 2020, China became the company’s largest shareholder, and now many senior managers and core technicians come from China, China, to build the company’s technology.
The company’s main products include the general processor cpu and the co-processor dcu, which, after many years of research and development, forms a rich product matrix, gradually moves into volume production, with the effect of scale leading to a gradual release of performance, with an increase of 126.07 per cent in the year 2021 and 2022h1, respectively.
The global high-end processor market has long been monopolized by overseas giants, the US has been blocking China’s core technology for many years, and high-end instrument technology is high, important in integrated circuits, and there is a strong degree of urgency to control it.
Total equity/flow (million shares) x 86 servers and other downstream applications create a large market space in the country.
On the other hand, the gpgpu technology as an important branch of gpu is constantly developing and is ecologically improving, with a 12-month high/minimum track as an opportunity for the country's post-partum entrants, with the rapid flow of artificial intelligence.
The rapid expansion of our gpgpu market has opened up opportunities for national producers. Economies are significant, with performances greater than those in the international mainstream, and sealights have come out.
The chip is authorized to enter the x86 processor design field, with a strong compatibility capability, which constantly expands the industry's logo customers and shapes their powerful ecological advantages. 2) Performance is at the same level as the mainstream international high-end processors. Sealight is always high-level research and development inputs, creating rich intellectual property rights.
:: Investment advice: companies are leading high-end processors in the country, high R & D and shareholders, and products with an advantage in the regulatory context are constantly up-to-date, with performances comparable to those in the international mainstream, based on the x86 Directive
(i) High-end processor provider with a growing product matrix
Sealight Information is a company engaged in research and development of computing chip products and systems, such as high-end processors, accelerators, and a market-mainstreamed X86 set of instructions, with a mature and rich applied ecological environment. Reviewing the history of the formation and development of sealight, October 2014, Tianjin Haitai Science and Technology Investment Manager.
In 2016, the company, jointly with the md, set up two subsidiaries, Sealight and Microelectronics, and signed the Technology Permit Agreement, which received technical authorization and related technical support from high-end processors. In 2020, it was changed to a limited company, and after the change, China Light became the company’s first shareholder.
In August 2022, the company was listed on the project board. October 2014, Tianjinhai