The first quarter of 2024 was published. The company achieved operating income of $6.105 billion in the first quarter, a decline of 32 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2,291 million in the return to the mother, a decline of 29 per cent in the same year; net of non-recurring gains and losses.
The return on investment has declined significantly, and is related to derivatives and direct equity investments. Companies have continuously increased bond allocation during the past quarter, and investment operations have been reduced owing to fluctuations in equity, derivatives, equity market valuations during the current season. When policies to regulate private collection and off-site derivatives operations have become more stringent, institutional product systems need to be continuously adjusted.
The company has recently disposed of some of its assets abroad, and cross-border platform resources continue to be consolidated. On April 25, the company sold all shares held in the turnkey asset management platform at $35.25 per share to the private equity agency gtcr, which is expected to receive approximately $1,793 million in cash if it is authorized to do so.
At the same time, the assetmark is expected to withdraw from the market from New York. After the assets are disposed of, overseas operations are expected to become more focused, and the total assets of the overseas platform, China-Thai International, have grown at a compound rate of 8.8 per cent over the last three years, with total assets exceeding HK$20 billion by the end of 2023, and have continued to be replenished to Singapore affiliates in the recent past.
As of the end of March, the value of the Watterbury Africa Foundation, based on the passive index, had broken out by 3300.
Investment proposals: our projections of corporate profitability remain unchanged, with a forecast of net corporate returns from 2024 to 2026.
In the context of reboot, companies will highlight the advantages of the Internet and products by maintaining a “buy-in” rating for companies.
Huatai Securities (601688.sh) - The Platform's Sustained Strength, Science and Technology-Driving Transformation - Figure 2: Corporate Revenue and Growth in a Single Season (Billions, %) Figure 1: Corporate Revenue and Growth (Billions, %)
Figure 3: Net corporate return profits and speed of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Net corporate return profits and speed of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 5: Main corporate business structure
Investment Recommendations: Our projections of corporate profitability remain unchanged, and the net return profits of companies for the period 2024-2026 will highlight the advantages of the Internet and products separately, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the company. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author