Quarterly review 2024: Self-employed roll-out of overall performance, sale of shareholdings or optimization of resource allocation
Research assistant Lo Woo-Kang incident: 1-week report issued by Huatai Securities in 2024, with company 24q1 achieving gross operating income of $6.105 billion  heavy asset business: the decline in self-employment constitutes a significant drag. 1) High base plus low equity market opportunism
In the first quarter of 2024, income from self-employment (investment gains - return on investment to associated enterprises + net gain on fair value changes) was $1,881 million, with a stronger negative impact on corporate equity and derivative self-employment in the face of large fluctuations in the market for profit.
In response, there was a contraction in the size of the company's own investments (2401 company-transactional financial assets compared to 23.1 billion yuan), resulting in a significant decrease in the company's income from 24q1 self-employment. (2) Increase in interest expenditure — light asset operations: brokering, low-intensity investment, relatively strong management of the business. 1) Brokering
Financial product operations are under pressure. 2) Equity financing is constrained by policies and investment commitments. The ipo and refinancing phases are under pressure, with 2024q1 companies having ipo/refinancing issues of the same size as the dollar. 3) Investment management revenue continues to grow. 24q1 companies have managed operations with revenues of +10% to 10%.
1106 million yuan. The size of corporate equity fund management has expanded rapidly.
Total equity, about 68.4 per cent of the general share issued by theassetmark, after the transaction is completed, the company will receive approximately $1,793 million in cash, which will be used to supplement the company ' s operating funds to evaluate performance against expectations and investment returns at its core
The sale of equity is expected to maximize the return on investment and provide better support for the company’s performance.
Review: Performance meets expectations, self-financing leads the consolidation of barriers to the competition of head securities dealers, while building on the continuing growth trend in core competitiveness in science and technology. Vi Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.