Taibo, China (601601.sh) optimized configuration and value index growth
In 2023, China's insurance services received 26,670 million yuan, and the transition results were remarkable, with the core indicators continuously rising. Industry averages were subject to capital market fluctuations and accounting standards adjustments. Companies maintained a steady level of dividends, and in 2023 they were expected to find gold dividends for all shareholders.
Long Air II is progressing steadily, building on the outcome of the debt-end transition. In the second half of 2023, the company launched the Long Air II transformation strategy, investing in intra-energy field connectivity and improving the efficiency of the transition operations. 1) Risk: 52 weeks of maximum/minimum price
In 2023, the company had a risk channel of $883.94 million and 10.6 pt. The first annual commission income per person per month of core manpower increased significantly by 46.3%, leading to a high number of channels nbv.
19.1%.) Silver insurance: In the context of tighter regulation, the premium revenue from the silver insurance channel has been rising in reverse, with the new insurance insurance policy continuing to grow in the industry, with a robust profitability. By the end of 2023, the company finance industry had achieved $18,834 million in revenue from the original insurance policy, an increase of 11.4%, benefiting from the new car insurance policy.
In addition, in the sustained recovery of the economic situation, non-car insurance increased by 19.2 per cent, which is higher than the average water level in the industry. In 2023, the fiscal coor was higher than in the same year, as a result of the high incidence of disasters and rising demand for vehicles.
China Taibo (601601.sh) - Debt Reform, President of Long Air - billion yuan, an increase of 10.1 per cent in the same year, in the context of low capital market shocks and downward shifts in interest rates, the performance of the public sector in terms of returns on investment was pressured, and under China's corporate accounting standards, total and net returns on investment were achieved, respectively.
Structure, bond addition and appropriate adjustment of equity asset allocation, with bond-type asset ratios, 2023, new accounting standards implemented in the insurance sector increasing corporate profit scale volatility, superimposed capital market continued low shocks, and companies accumulated a net return profit of $27.26 billion, a 27.1 per cent decline in the same year, lower than industry average water.
First, large equity assets are designated as fvtpl measures that directly increase profit balance fluctuations. Under the new financial instrument guidelines, equity assets are designated as fvoci, and the decision is irrevocable, with only dividends to be recorded as gains or losses, and the purchase and sale price at disposal.
The difference is not counted as gains or losses, but only as retention proceeds, so that insurance companies classify large amounts of equity assets as financial assets (fvtpl) measured at fair value and their movements as gains or losses in the current period, and the effect of fair value changes in financial assets resulting from changes in capital markets on the profit statement becomes greater. Second, there is a change in the profit table in the subject matter relating to the accounting of investment returns.
The main subjects under the old guidelines relating to the accounting of investment returns are investment returns, gains and losses on fair value changes and impairment of assets, while the main relevant items under the new guidelines are interest income, investment gains, gains and losses on fair value changes, credit impairment losses, and the specific formula and calculation process are shown in the table above.
The financial assets classified under the guidelines as amortized at amortized cost are classified as interest income at fair value and their movements are accounted for in his combined earnings, calculated on the basis of the actual interest rate method. “Credit impairment loss” reflects credit losses recognized by an enterprise's readiness to account for credit losses on financial instruments in accordance with the guidelines for new financial instruments.
The investment rate of return is under pressure and, under the Chinese corporate accounting standards, the total and net investment rates of return are 2.6 per cent and 4.0 per cent, respectively, down by 1.5 pt and 0.3 pt from the same year. The company continues to optimize its asset allocation structure, with additional bonds, and figure 3: the structure of the company’s asset allocation (by asset type, unit: per cent)
Figure 4: Structure of corporate asset allocation (by accounting method, unit: per cent) Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future