Helces, who has been in high profile for 18 years, tried to set off the leading conglomerates, one of the largest consumer electronic exhibitions in the world, 9-12 January 2018, American time.
Launched in Vegas, 127,801.56. The Wisdom Family is one of the hot spots of this show, and as the leader of the wise family in our country, Hale, an electric tap company, has received a lot of attention at the show.
The Global Topbrands award ceremony for 2017-2018, sponsored by the International Data Group (idg), was held at the Cees Exhibition Hall. Haile won the Global Smarter Power Top 10, which became the only Chinese company to win the prize. Heil also won the Chinese Consumer Lead Electronics Top10, and the Global Consumption Power.
The three big prizes, Qingdao Hale, Global Television 20, became a star company at the ceremony.
At the ces site, Hal shows the intelligent life scenes of the wisdom living room, the kitchen, the laundry room, the bathrooms, and the four smart scenes. Haile also shows the landing results of the Heilu+ smart air conditioning into the Amazon's alexa smart family skill, the Hair Wisdom family acquired ocf.
The two results mean that the Hair Wisdom family has won the first international pass and the Wisdom family has entered the international arena. ocf is the largest standard organization in the world's property networking industry, and Hal's smart products will be cross-branded, cross-producted with more than 200 firms in the ocf.
Halu+Intelligent Life is the first open platform in the current intelligent family domain to connect with and connect different household appliances and services. To date, Halu+ Online users have broken through 50 million, generated 437.2 billion online interactions per day, and more than 800,000 eco-resources, traded super-transactions.
Wang Jie Ting, January 9-10, China Time, the National Technical Committee for Standardization of Electrical Appliance (NTC)'s Smart Household Sub-Technology Committee was convened in Xiamen during the year to validate the adoption of "Intelligent Household Electrical Intelligent Technologies Ice " , led by Haile.
Special Requirements for Boxes and Special Requirements for Smart Household Electrical Smart Technology Air-Conditioners, 2 national standards, define terms and definitions, requirements and test evaluation methods for smart refrigerators, as well as for smart refrigerators.
The introduction of standards has helped to reduce the confusion among home power companies about labeling products as “intellectual” and to protect consumers. We believe that industry standards drop-downs have contributed to raising the intellectual level of most of the industry's smart products and to improving consumers' experience with smart household electricity products, thereby enhancing consumer-friendliness.
At the Heir Innovation Annual Conference in 2018, Heir Group President Zhou Yunjie released the 2017 Market Innovation Report. According to the report, Heir Group’s global turnover reached $241.9 billion in 2017, a 20% increase over the previous year.
In 2017, the market share of the chain was 35% higher than in 2016. In January 2017, it rose by almost 10 percentage points.
The Heir project “Key technologies and applications for internationalization and industrialization of the dtmb system” was awarded the National Science and Technology Progress First Prize, the only award ever made in the history of household electricity for scientific and technological progress. According to Zhou Yunjie, cosmoplat is the only interactive industrial Internet with full-flow participation around the world.
Taiwan, first of all, is the third level of the world above the advanced manufacturing industry of the United States and the 4.0 German industry. One of the four major international standard groups, the American Electrical and Electronic Engineers Association, has adopted a proposal for a large-scale custom-made international standard of requirements led by China Haile, the first Chinese-owned smart manufacturing standard in the world, Haile.
Cosmoplat represents the Chinese model that begins to move to the center of the world stage. Zhou Yunjie also said that on November 10, Ashton, the Internet father, came to Haile, and he said, "I've studied a lot of businesses around the world, and I've never seen a company like Haile do this to prepare for the Internet." Finally, Zhou Yunjie said that 2018 was a complete copy of the prototype.
The key year is also the year led by the full-scale detonation of the Heelbus network. The investment proposal suggests that companies’ accumulation of intelligent homes and interconnected plants have been effective, that the pace of future realizations3 and that the shift in market style has led to valuation volatility risks.