Colored Industries: The Purple Gold Mine, May 27, 2019.
This week’s industry perspective: the price of precious metals is warming slightly, and the price of small and rare earths is rising. 2 Medium and rare earth products are rising. In recent rare earth events, Myanmar’s rare earth exports to China and our imports into the United States are about to be taxed, and the supply of the rare land will be strained in the future.
Science and Technology, Inc., is aware of business operations and the development of the rare earth industry in the state. The rare earth market, stimulated by multiple advantages, has sustained the price of the medium and rare earth,3 and smm has published production data for China ' s basic metals in April 2019. In April, China produced 706.5 million tons of copper electrolysis, a decrease of 4.24 per cent compared to the previous year: 289,000 tons of aluminium electrolysis, a decrease of 2.08 per cent compared to the previous year; 257.2 million tons of raw lead, an increase of 6.44 per cent compared to the same year; and 46.11 million tons of zinc refined, an increase of 3.71 per cent compared to the previous year;
Electrolysis nickel production was 12,600 tons, an increase of 5.55 per cent over the same period.4 The “six categories” waste copper conversion limitation implementation programme was issued with heavy pounds. The China Regenerative Copper Industry Chain Summit, held on 19 April, began implementation on 1 July 2019.
The meeting showed that the “waste six” import request conditions and the specific processing process for the “waste six” import documents were integrated with the currently implemented “Market limit hot spots, industry depths,” and that environmental protection regulations for solid waste that pursue imports that can be used as feedstocks were largely consistent, and reaffirmed that only enterprises actually engaged in processing applications,
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. Imports by agents of other enterprises may not be commissioned, and solid waste import licences may not be transferred.
The period is updated on a weekly basis, with a follow-up point if the offer remains unchanged and a justification if the offer is made.
For the next three months, we're looking forward to the idea that the stock market is going to be significantly overtaken by the stock market.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Tons, 263 per cent less than the previous year. For the production of copper, 683.1 million tons, or 7.40 per cent more than the previous year, of which 2,486 million tons of mineral copper, or 19.52 per cent more than the previous year. The increase in corporate copper mine production was mainly due to the production of Congolese copper from Kolwezi, which generated revenues of $8.82 billion, or 23 per cent, from mining copper, contributing 4,405 million yuan, an increase of $800 million over the previous year. The company achieved a net return of $4,094 million throughout the year, of which $741 million in the fourth quarter, mainly as a result of expenditure and planned expenditures for the fourth quarter.
In recent years, the company has been working on the expansion of overseas mines, and in 2018 it made a major breakthrough in overseas M & As, and successfully acquired the Serbian rtbbor group, Canadian listed company nelevsun, gold, copper, and zinc reserves. By the end of 2018, the amount of gold, copper, and zinc resources had increased significantly.
The reserves of offshore project resources (by equity) amount to 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38,79.44 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, the construction of copper mines, with the Kamua copper mine being the fourth largest copper mine in the world, with more than 42 million tons of resources, which will further increase the company ' s output.3 The process of internationalization has accelerated, with vast reserves in overseas mines.
By the end of 2018, reserves of offshore projects (by equity) had increased by 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38.7944 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, and the construction of copper mines, the fourth largest copper mine in the world, in Kamoa, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase corporate production.
Tens of tons, 41.1 per cent more than the same year, 380,000 tons of mineral zinc, 36.7 per cent more than the same year, 275 tons of mineral silver, 24.6 per cent more than the same year, and 2.5 million tons of iron concentrate, roughly the same. The increase in 2019 will come from the ongoing Dobble Mountain II project, the Luvezi Copper II project, and the overseas M&A. Forecasts: based on the latest federal fund interest rate trading, the Fed ' s probability of reducing interest in 2019 is increasing, looking at the price of gold under the Fed ' s dove policy.
The uncertainty of supply in 2019 will lead to a higher than expected supply gap for refined copper, which will support copper prices; in the long run, the global trend of inadequate supply of refined copper will be difficult to reverse and take into account the long-term trend in copper prices. \triangleright
\triangleright Study: 20190326 UV Mining (601899): Good performance, growth expectations due to overseas expansion.
The non-ferrous metals and steel industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference for investment decisions of this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.