The colored industry: the Purple Gold Mine, April 15th, 2019.
This week ' s industry view: metal prices continue to be pressured and precious metals still have a long-term configuration advantage. 2; smm releases China ' s production data for basic metals in March 2019. In March, China produced 75.11 million tons of electrolytic copper, an increase of 5.28 per cent compared to the previous year: 29,981,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium, a decrease of 1.5 per cent compared to the previous year; 25,77 million tons of primary lead, an increase of 5.83 per cent compared to the previous year; and 45.21 million tons of refined zinc, an increase of 1.39 per cent compared to the previous year;
In the medium and long term, however, we believe that the market environment remains favourable to gold prices, concerns about slowing global economic growth, and geopolitical considerations.
Risks affect investors’ confidence and market sentiment, and gold can still be deployed over the long term.4 Domestic supply of rare earth will contract. Smm reports that our rare earth imports in 2018 exceeded 53,000 tons, an increase of 4% from the world’s largest producer of rare earth to the largest importer.
[Excellent push] is a product of a weekly industry that gathers policy foresight, market supply. We believe that the supply of rare soil in the country may have contracted beyond expectations in 2019.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. [Excellently] Industry covers the best in the company, each period [excellently]: Purple Mining (601899).
The period is one to two shares. The weekly update, if the offer remains the same, is followed by an evaluation, and if the offer is made, the reasons are given.
In order for the production of copper from the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kolwezi mine, the mine generated $8.82 billion, an increase of 23 per cent over the same period, contributing $4.405 billion in Maori, compared to the previous year's cindasecuitiesco.ltd
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in Beijing City's west corner has increased by $800 million. The company has achieved a net profit of $4,094 million for mothers throughout the year, of which $741 million in four quarters, mainly as a result of four-quarter expenditure and an increase in the impairment of the assets being transferred, which has led to a decline in the performance ring.
2. The process of internationalization has accelerated, with vast reserves of overseas mineral resources. In recent years, the company has worked to expand its overseas mines, and in 2018 the company ' s overseas M&As have again made major breakthroughs, with successful mergers and acquisitions of Serbian rtbbor Group, Canadian listed company devsun, gold, copper, and zinc reserves increasing significantly. By the end of 2018, the reserves of offshore project resources (by equity) were 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38,879.44 million tons of copper, and 2,24.44 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, and 65.50 per cent of the total amount of lead and zinc, respectively.
The construction of copper mines, the fourth largest in the world, the Kamoa copper mine, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase corporate production when it is built.3 The process of internationalization has accelerated, and overseas mineral resources have been abundant. Companies have been working on the expansion of overseas mines in recent years, and in 2018 the overseas mergers and acquisitions of companies have again made a major breakthrough, with successful mergers and acquisitions of Serbian rtbbor, Canadian listed companies devsun, gold, copper, and zinc. By the end of 2018, the reserves had increased significantly.
The reserves of offshore project resources (by equity) amount to 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38.79.44 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company's total, the construction of copper mines, with the Kamua copper mine being the fourth largest copper mine in the world, with more than 42 million tons of resources, which will further increase the company's output once completed.Tons of tons, 41.1 per cent more than the same year, 380,000 tons of minerals and zinc, 36.7 per cent more than the same year, 275 tons of mineral silver, 24.6 per cent more than the same year, and 2.5 million tons of iron concentrates.
The increase in 2019 will come from the ongoing Dobble Mountain II project, the Luvezi Copper Mine II project, and overseas M&As. Predicted: Based on the latest federal fund interest rate futures transactions, the Fed’s probability of reducing interest rates in 2019 is increasing, depending on the price of gold under the Fed’s doves policy. The uncertainty of supply in 2019 will lead to a gap in refined copper supply, which will support copper prices: in the long run, the global supply of refined copper is inadequate.
The trend is hard to reverse, and the price of copper is on the move for a long time.
Research on the subject: 20109326 (601899): Strong performance, growth expectations due to overseas expansion.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.