The industry view this week is that metal prices are under pressure and rare earth prices continue to rise only marginally.
1. The price of basic metals fell on the whole line. As of 31 May, lme copper, aluminium, zinc, lead, tin, nickel prices were $5780.5 per ton, $1761 per ton, and prices of basic metals continued to rise only marginally, as a result of volatile internal and external conditions.
In April, China produced 706.5 million tons of copper electrolysis, a decrease of 4.2 per cent in the same year: 289,000 tons of aluminium electrolysis, a decrease of 2.08 per cent in the same year; 257.2 million tons of raw lead, an increase of 6.44 per cent in the same year; 46.11 million tons of zinc refined, an increase of 3.71 per cent in the same year; 12.26 million tons of nickel electrolysis, an increase of 5.55 per cent in the same year.
4. The “six categories” of copper switching restrictions implementation programme was launched with a heavy weight. The China Regenerous Copper Industry Chain Summit, held on 19 April, presented a policy of import policies for the “six categories of waste” conversion restrictions, which began on 1 July 2019 with the introduction of the “excellent promotion” as an industry product. The meeting showed the requirements for the “six categories of waste” import requests and the specific processing process and the current implementation of the “limits”
Market hot spots, industry depths, and environmental protection regulations for solid wastes that seek to be used as feedstocks for imports are generally consistent, and it is reiterated that only enterprises actually engaged in processing use can apply for them and that investors with absolute earnings have important reference value.
Imports may not be entrusted to other agents, and solid waste import licences may not be transferred.
We'll follow up on the evaluation, and we'll explain the reason if we propose a stock change.
The Mt. 601899 believes that these stock movements will significantly win over the market.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 House No. 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing City, 2.63 per cent lower than the same year. Copper production of 68.31 million tons increased by 7.40 per cent compared to the same year, of which minerals 24.86 million, or 19.52 per cent, increased the same year.
The amount came mainly from the production of Congolese copper in Kolwezi, which generated revenues of $8.82 billion, an increase of 23 per cent over the same year, contributing $4.405 billion, an increase of $800 million over the previous year. The company achieved a net return of $4.09 billion to its mother throughout the year, of which $741 million in the fourth quarter, mainly as a result of increased spending on four quarters and an increase in asset write-downs.
2. The process of internationalization has accelerated, with vast reserves of overseas mineral resources. In recent years, the company has worked to expand its overseas mines, and in 2018 the company ' s overseas M&As have again made major breakthroughs, with successful mergers and acquisitions of Serbian rtbbor Group, Canadian listed company devsun, gold, copper, and zinc reserves increasing significantly. By the end of 2018, the reserves of offshore project resources (by equity) were 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38,879.44 million tons of copper, and 2,24.44 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, and 65.50 per cent of the total amount of lead and zinc, respectively.
The construction of copper mines, the fourth largest in the world, the Kamoa copper mine, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase corporate production when it is built.3 The process of internationalization has accelerated, and overseas mineral resources have been abundant. Companies have been working on the expansion of overseas mines in recent years, and in 2018 they made another major breakthrough in overseas mergers and acquisitions, successfully buying Serbian rtbbor group, Canadian listed companies devsun, gold, copper, and zinc reserves. By the end of 2018,
The reserves of offshore project resources (by equity) amount to 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38.79.44 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company's total, the construction of copper mines, with the Kamua copper mine being the fourth largest copper mine in the world, with more than 42 million tons of resources, which will further increase the company's output once completed.Tons of tons, 41.1 per cent more than the same year, 380,000 tons of minerals and zinc, 36.7 per cent more than the same year, 275 tons of mineral silver, 24.6 per cent more than the same year, and 2.5 million tons of iron concentrates.
The increase in 2019 will come from the ongoing Dobble Mountain II project, the Luvezi Copper Mine II project, and overseas M&As. Predicted: Based on the latest federal fund interest rate futures transactions, the Fed’s probability of reducing interest rates in 2019 is increasing, depending on the price of gold under the Fed’s doves policy.
The trend is hard to reverse, and the price of copper is on the move for a long time.
Research in this area: 20190326 (601899): Strong performance, growth expectations due to overseas expansion.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.