Colored Industries: The Purple Gold Mining, 24 June 2019.
Industry perspectives this week: it is proposed to continue to focus on investment opportunities for precious metals.1 The price of gold has increased considerably. As at 21 June, the prices of lme copper, aluminium, zinc, lead, tin, nickel were $5941 per ton, $1743.5 per ton, $2542.5 per ton, and the United States were more likely to lower interest rates, depending on the future price of gold.
Concerned about the development of the current trade situation and its impact on the economic prospects of the United States, and taking appropriate measures to support economic growth. Moreover, as part of the United States economic data sheet is weak, the dollar is on the move or nearing its turning point, and the price of the gold is good.3 The chuquicamata copper mine has begun a strike, or will affect global production.
Workers of Union 1, 2 and 3 in the chuquicamata copper mine began their strike on 14 June at 5 a.m. Smm reported that copper production in chuquicamata in 2018 amounted to 321,000 tons, or about 2% of the global supply of copper. We believe that this strike may tighten the global supply of copper. 4 and smm publish production data for China ' s basic metals in May 2019. In April, our electrolysis copper production was 70,65 million tons, a decline of 4.2 per cent compared to the corresponding figure; and electrolytic aluminium production.
2.89 million tons, or 2.08 per cent less in the same year; 257.2 million tons in primary lead, an increase of 6.44 per cent in the same year; 46.11 million tons in refined zinc, an increase of 3.71 per cent in the same year;
Market hot spots, industry depths, etc., have an important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
This period is only one to two shares.
They believe that these stock trends will be a significant victory over the market, with the construction of Sunda S.A.S. Ltd., mainly from the production of the Congolese Kolowezi copper mine, which generated revenues of $8.82 billion, an increase of 23 per cent, and contributed $4.405 billion in Maori, compared to the sum of $4.405 billion.
Last year, building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City Front Street in Beijing City City, increased by $800 million. The company achieved a net profit of $4,094 million for mothers throughout the year, of which $741 million for the fourth quarter, mainly due to spending on the 4th quarter and billings.
In recent years, the company has been working on the expansion of overseas mines, and in 2018 it made a major breakthrough in overseas M & As, and successfully acquired the Serbian rtbbor group, Canadian listed company nelevsun, gold, copper, and zinc reserves. By the end of 2018, the amount of gold, copper, and zinc resources had increased significantly.
The reserves of offshore project resources (by equity) amount to 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38,79.44 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, the construction of copper mines, with the Kamua copper mine being the fourth largest copper mine in the world, with more than 42 million tons of resources, which will further increase the company ' s output.3 The process of internationalization has accelerated, with vast reserves in overseas mines.
By the end of 2018, reserves of offshore projects (by equity) had increased by 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38.7944 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, and the construction of copper mines, the fourth largest copper mine in the world, in Kamoa, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase the company ' s output.
Tens of tons, 41.1 per cent more than the same year, 380,000 tons of mineral zinc, 36.7 per cent more than the same year, 275 tons of mineral silver, 24.6 per cent more than the same year, and 2.5 million tons of iron concentrate, roughly the same. The increase in 2019 will come from the ongoing Dobble Mountain II project, the Luvezi Copper II project, and the overseas M&A. Forecasts: based on the latest federal fund interest rate trading, the Fed ' s probability of reducing interest in 2019 is increasing, looking at the price of gold under the Fed ' s dove policy.
The uncertainty of supply in 2019 will lead to a higher than expected supply gap for refined copper, which will support copper prices: in the long run, the global trend of inadequate supply of refined copper will be difficult to reverse and take into account the long-term trend in copper prices. \triangleright
\triangleright \triangleright \research: 20190326 (601899): Robust performance, growth expectations due to overseas expansion. Futuresmarkets, journalfoliomanage, journalftrading, and other well-known European-American journals.
The non-ferrous metals and steel industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference for investment decisions of this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.