The industry view this week: the price of metals has fallen as a result of the strong dollar index.
The prices of lme copper, aluminium, zinc, lead, tin, nickel, $6,419 per ton, $1864 per ton, 2969,2 and precious metals, respectively, fell short on 5 April, but still have a long-term configuration advantage. The fall in precious metals was mainly due to the strong dollar index, and the continued sharp fall in gold also caused a drag on the precious gold market. But we believe that in the medium and long term, the market environment remains more favourable to gold prices, concerns about the slowdown in global economic growth and geopolitics.
Risks affect investors’ confidence and market sentiment, and gold can still be deployed over the long term.3 Domestic supply of rare earth will contract. Smm reports that our rare earth imports in 2018 exceeded 53,000 tons, a 4% increase from the world’s largest producer of rare earth to the largest importer.
In February, China produced 7196 million tons of copper electrolysis, an increase of 2.19 per cent compared to the previous year; the production of aluminum electrolysis was a product of the industry.
The production of electrolysis nickel was 121,000 tons, an increase of 9.32 per cent over the same period, and market hot spots, industry depths, are one thing that has important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best in the company, each of which is the first in the current period: Purple gold mining (601899). The period is only one or two shares. It is updated every week, if the offer is not.
They think that these stock trends will be a significant victory over the market, and they'll build the Sinda Securities Company.
For the production of copper from the Congo's Kolwezi mine, mining copper generated revenue of $8.82 billion, an increase of 23 per cent over the same period, contributing $4.405 billion, compared to the previous year's Cinda Securitiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The company achieved a net return of $4,094 million throughout the year, of which $741 million in four quarters, mainly as a result of four-quarter expenditure and an increase in the impairment of the assets taken.2 The acceleration of the internationalization process and the high reserves of overseas mineral resources.
By the end of 2018, reserves of offshore projects (by equity) had increased by 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38.7944 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, and the construction of copper mines, the fourth largest copper mine in the world, in Kamoa, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase corporate production.
3. The process of internationalization has accelerated, and overseas mineral resources have been abundant. In recent years, the company has devoted itself to the expansion of overseas mines, and in 2018 the company ' s overseas M&As have again made major breakthroughs, with the successful M&A acquisition of Serbia ' s rtbor Group and Canada ' s listed company, devsun, gold, copper, and zinc reserves increasing significantly. By the end of 2018, the reserves of offshore project resources (by equity) were 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38,879.44 million tons of copper, and 2,24.44 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total,
The construction of the copper mine, which is the fourth largest in the world, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase corporate production once it is completed. Ten thousand tons, 41.1% more than the previous year, 380,000 tons of mineral zinc, 36.7% more than the same year, 275 tons of mineral silver, 24.6% more than the same year, and 2.5 million tons of iron ore, which is essentially the same.
Forecast: According to the latest federal fund interest rate futures transaction, the Fed’s probability of reducing interest rates in 2019 is increasing, depending on the price of gold under the Fed’s dove policy. The uncertainty of supply in 2019 will lead to a higher than expected supply gap in refined copper and support copper prices: in the long run, the global trend of inadequate supply of refined copper is difficult to reverse and looks forward to a long-term trend in copper prices.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright  Research: 20190326 UV Mine (601899): Good performance, growth expectations due to overseas expansion.
The non-ferrous metal and steel industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) is eligible for the securities investment consultancy that the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.