Colored Industries: The Purple Gold Mine, 10 June 2019.
This week’s industry perspective: the probability of risk avoidance increases and the Fed’s interest rate reduction increases, depending on the price of precious metals. 1. Risk avoidance increases, and the price of precious metals rises. As of 7 June, the prices of lme copper, aluminium, zinc, lead, tin, nickel were $5770 per ton, $1733 per ton, respectively, affected by global pessimistic economic expectations, risk avoidance developed, and the price of precious metals rose significantly.
Recently, a number of US Federal Reserve high-ranking officials released the doves’ rhetoric, with US Federal Reserve Chairman Powell saying that the Fed is following the current trade situation closely and will take appropriate measures to support economic growth. Moreover, as part of the US economic data sheet is weak, the dollar has moved or is approaching a turning point, and the price of profit is good.
The price of rare earths has continued to rise only marginally. Prices of rare earths have been rising in recent times, spurred by multiple benefits. We believe that the price of rare earths will be on a short course to publish production data for China ' s basic metals in May 2019. In April, China produced 706.5 million tons of electrolytic copper, a decline of 4.24% compared to the previous year: electrolytic aluminium production.
2.89 million tons, or 2.08 per cent less in the same year; 257.2 million tons in primary lead, an increase of 6.44 per cent in the same year; 46.11 million tons in refined zinc, an increase of 3.71 per cent in the same year; and 1.26 million tons in the pursuit of electrolytic nickel, an increase of 5.55 per cent in the same year, in market hot spots and industry depths.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. [Excellently] the industry covers the best in the company, with only 1-2 shares per period.
This period [excellent push]: The Purple Gold Mine (601899) is changed, followed up and justified if stock changes are proposed.
The production of 68.31 million tons of copper increased by 7.40 per cent in the same year, with 24.86 million tons of mineral copper increasing by 19.52 per cent in the same year.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City of the West Side of Beijing, mainly from the production of Congolese Koluwezi copper mine, which generated revenue of $8.82 billion, an increase of 23 per cent, and contributed $4.405 billion, an increase of $800 million over the previous year. The company achieved net profit of $4.094 billion to its mother throughout the year, of which $741 million for the fourth quarter, mainly due to spending on the fourth quarter and the forecast.
In recent years, the company has been working on the expansion of overseas mines, and in 2018 it made a major breakthrough in overseas M & As, and successfully acquired the Serbian rtbbor group, Canadian listed company nelevsun, gold, copper, and zinc reserves. By the end of 2018, the amount of gold, copper, and zinc resources had increased significantly.
The reserves of offshore project resources (by equity) amount to 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38,79.44 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, the construction of copper mines, with the Kamua copper mine being the fourth largest copper mine in the world, with more than 42 million tons of resources, which will further increase the company ' s output.3 The process of internationalization has accelerated, with vast reserves in overseas mines.
By the end of 2018, reserves of offshore projects (by equity) had increased by 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38.7944 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, and the construction of copper mines, the fourth largest copper mine in the world, in Kamoa, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase the company ' s output.
Tens of tons, 41.1 per cent more than the same year, 380,000 tons of mineral zinc, 36.7 per cent more than the same year, 275 tons of mineral silver, 24.6 per cent more than the same year, and 2.5 million tons of iron concentrate, roughly the same. The increase in 2019 will come from the ongoing Dobble Mountain II project, the Luvezi Copper II project, and the overseas M&A. Forecasts: based on the latest federal fund interest rate trading, the Fed ' s probability of reducing interest in 2019 is increasing, looking at the price of gold under the Fed ' s dove policy.
The uncertainty of supply in 2019 will lead to a higher than expected supply gap for refined copper, which will support copper prices: in the long run, the global trend of inadequate supply of refined copper will be difficult to reverse and take into account the long-term trend in copper prices. \triangleright
\triangleright \triangleright \research: 20190326 (601899): Robust performance, growth expectations due to overseas expansion. Futuresmarkets, journalfoliomanage, journalftrading, and other well-known European-American journals.
The non-ferrous metals and steel industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference for investment decisions of this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.