Colored Industries: The Purple Gold Mining, May 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, Shinda's Powerful Push.
This week's industry perspective: Basic metals are stable in prices, with medium-sized rare earth supply under pressure.1 Basic metals are stable in prices. As of 17 May, lme copper, aluminium, zinc, lead, tin, nickel prices were US$ 6025 per ton, US$ 1805 per ton, US$ 2755, Middle and rare earth supply under pressure. On 15 May 2019, Yunnan was officially closed to customs to ban all imports and exports of goods related to rare earth operations for nearly two years.
In April, China produced 706.5 million tons of copper electrolysis, a decrease of 4.2 per cent compared to the previous year: 289,000 tons of aluminium electrolysis, a decrease of 2.08 per cent compared to the previous year; raw lead, a rise of 6.44 per cent compared to the previous year; and refined zinc, a rise of 3.71 per cent compared to the previous year;
Electrolysis nickel production was 12,600 tons, an increase of 5.55 per cent over the same period.4 The “six categories” waste copper conversion limitation implementation programme was issued with heavy pounds. The “six categories” conversion restriction import policy, which began on 1 July 2019, was presented at the China Regenerative Copper Industry Chain Summit on 19 April.
[Excellently] Industry weekly products, with policy foresight and regulations for the environmental protection of solid wastes that can be used as feedstocks for imports, and reiterating that only enterprises actually engaged in processing use can apply for them, market hot spots, industry depths and pursuits.
Imports by other agents may not be commissioned, and solid waste import licences may not be transferred. Investors with absolute earnings have important reference value. [Excellently] Industry covers the best of companies, each of them.
The period is one to two shares. A weekly update is provided if the proposed stock is not available for the current period: 60189; the change is followed up and the reason is given if the proposed stock is changed.
They believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, with the construction of the Sunda Stock Company Ltd. tons, a decline of 2.63 per cent in the same year. The production of 68.31 million tons of copper, an increase of 7.40 per cent in the same year, of which 24.86 million tons of mineral copper, an increase of 19.52 per cent in the same year.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, mainly from the production of Congolese copper mines in Kolwezi, which generated revenue of $8.82 billion, an increase of 23 per cent, and contributed $4.405 billion in Maori, compared to the sum of $4.405 billion.
The company achieved a net return of $4,094 million to its mother throughout the year, of which $741 million in four quarters, mainly as a result of four-quarter expenditure and an increase in asset impairments, which led to a decline in the performance ring.2 The process of internationalization has accelerated, with vast reserves of overseas mineral resources.
By the end of 2018, reserves of offshore projects (by equity) had increased by 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38.7944 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, and the construction of copper mines, the fourth largest copper mine in the world, in Kamoa, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase corporate production.
3. The process of internationalization has accelerated, and overseas mineral resources have been abundant. In recent years, the company has devoted itself to the expansion of overseas mines, and in 2018 the company ' s overseas M&As have again made major breakthroughs, with the successful M&A acquisition of Serbia ' s rtbor Group and Canada ' s listed company, devsun, gold, copper, and zinc reserves increasing significantly. By the end of 2018, the reserves of offshore project resources (by equity) were 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38,879.44 million tons of copper, and 2,24.44 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total,
The construction of the copper mine, which is the fourth largest in the world, with more than 42 million tons of resources, will further increase corporate production once it is completed. Ten thousand tons, 41.1% more than the previous year, 380,000 tons of mineral zinc, 36.7% more than the same year, 275 tons of mineral silver, 24.6% more than the same year, and 2.5 million tons of iron ore, which is essentially the same.
Forecast: According to the latest federal fund interest rate futures transaction, the Fed’s probability of reducing interest rates in 2019 is increasing, depending on the price of gold under the Fed’s dove policy. The uncertainty of supply in 2019 will lead to a higher than expected supply gap in refined copper and support copper prices: in the long run, the global trend of inadequate supply of refined copper is difficult to reverse and looks forward to a long-term trend in copper prices.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright  Research: 20190326 UV Mine (601899): Good performance, growth expectations due to overseas expansion.
The non-ferrous metal and steel industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) is eligible for the securities investment consultancy that the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.