Building a leading drug research and development service platform, companies moving into a new phase of development, Conlon becoming (300759.sz) – the advantage of integration is emerging, and small molecule cdmo operations are expected to accelerate.
For 17 years, Kang Long has grown into a global-led outsourcing service platform for pharmaceutical research and development through endogenous growth and extended M&As, providing global clients with a process-wide research, development and production service from drug discovery to listing. In the short term, laboratory chemistry and biosciences have developed and become public.
In the medium to long term, the advantages of a company’s full-time, integrated layout are expected to emerge and drive clinical coro and strategic emerging business.
• Laboratory chemistry and bioscience development, cmc services are about to enter the development of fast-track laboratory services as the core business of the company, the advantages of which will be further demonstrated as laboratory chemical and bioscience synergies increase, thus driving the rapid growth of laboratory services.
Continuous flow to cmc, with 1,013 drug molecules or intermediates served in 2021, of which 754 preclinical items, 224 in clinical i-ii, 30 in clinical iii and 5 in process validation and commercialization, project ladders have been formed and are expected to be added to the cumulative release of commercialized capacity to facilitate small molecule cdmo operations plus
Rapid growth, cmc services into the fast-track of development, contributing significantly to corporate performance. Quality of clinical cro development, strategic emerging business opening up long-term growth space, looking back into clinical cro business development, firm stability, unique advantages and client responsiveness.
Needs, continuous strengthening of the technical platform required for clinical development, comprehensive enrichment of services, high-quality clinical development services for clients, support for new drug approval, and expected high-quality development of clinical coro.
Building an enabling integrated technology platform, coupled with a high industry profile, is expected to sustain two operations with rapid growth, further opening up medium- and long-term growth space.1 The global leading process-wide integrated pharmaceutical research and development service platform
Conlon became established in 2004 with a new chapter in development, starting with the listing of a and h shares in 2019. Seventeen years of growth, companies have grown through endogenous growth and extended M&As, and now serve as a global-led pharmaceutical research and development service platform that can provide global clients with a whole process from drug discovery to drug development.
1.1. Vision, global drug research and development platform for a process-wide, integrated service Innovative drug outsourcing service industry-wide, process-based drug research and development: company-based drug research
The front-end-laboratory service is the starting point, with the client moving forward with the project, vertically integrated layout cmc (small molecule cdmo) operations. In addition to providing customized products for clients, the company further expands its clinical research services horizontally and strengthens the coordination of different disciplines at the same stage of new drug development.
In addition, the company is actively developing a more promising platform for biomolecular and cgt drug research and development services to meet the demand for multi-therapeutic drugs, including small, big and cgt clients, and to provide a full range of service capabilities for the diverse needs of clients.
The extended layout of the laboratory operations, on the one hand, opens up the growth space of the company and, on the other hand, enhances the coherence of the company ' s operations and enhances its customer-to-company glue. Figure 1: Full-scale layout to meet customer one-stop demand for services
The drug was discovered, the ind was clinically tested before it was declared.
Laboratory chemistry  drug metabolic dynamics/absorption, diffusion, metabolism, excretion, in vitro biology and pharmacology in the body
Laboratory services sci/preforms cmc (small molecules)
(cdmo) Services for the development and production of preparations
• Monitoring of bioanalysis services;
* Molecular drug discovery services * Cell and gene therapy laboratory services *
Moleculars and Fragmentation and Genetics Development and Production Services (cdmo)
(cdmo) The advantages of an integrated pharmaceutical outsourcing service are emerging: as the demand of the client of an innovative drug expands to the industry, an integrated outsourcing service is more responsive to the needs of the client, and the platform for a fully integrated process service will take over.
In line with industry trends, Kang Long has been active in fostering three main potentials while consolidating strong areas. Businesses have now become the only global, process-wide, cro+cdmo platform, with firms expected to accumulate competitive advantages.
Integration of global resources and full coverage of the pharmaceutical R & D hotspots: corporate internationalization strategy is advancing steadily, Conlong has become 18 operating entities (10 overseas) in China, England and the United States, with global medical R & D hotspots. We believe that territorialization helps to respond to clients ' needs in a timely manner, to understand their needs well and to understand their needs.
And to meet the needs of clients for a multi-regional strategic layout that integrates high-quality global resources and further improves service efficiency. Figure 2: Global medical hotspot regions with a clear corporate equity structure and a collaborative development of affiliates, covering the entire industry chain of medical outsourcing services: public
The Department’s founders, Mr. Bolianglou, Mr. Xiaoqiang and Ms. Chungbei, have combined 23.6% of the Department’s shares in the effective control of Kang Yong.
Fig. 3: Clear corporate equity structure Luxury core management team, rich in drug development and management experience: corporate management team led by Dr. Perléan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, with more than 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, senior management of the company
The team has more than 10 years of work and management experience in the company, and has an internationalization perspective to continuously export advanced corporate culture for the company ' s long-term sound operation.
Co-founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Co-founder, General Manager, Chief Operations Officer Beijing City Specialist, Beijing Economic and Technological Development Region Industrial Development Bank
Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space has obtained a bachelor's and master's degree in materials chemistry.
He was the Managing Director of the Beijing ISIS Ltd., the third Beijing City Entrepreneurship Award winner.
Ph.D., Department of Chemistry, University of Manchester, England.
Ph.D. in Organic Chemistry, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Business Administration (Accounting).
Obtaining emba at the Central European Business School, formerly the Sector Manager of the International Merger and Financial Advisory Services Corporation, for three years in a row, to implement an incentive scheme to strengthen the core management and R & D of the company: cdmo is one.
A knowledge-intensive, technology-intensive, talent-intensive segmented industry, core management teams, and key R&D players are critical to the firm’s long-term stability, and regularized incentives are an important mechanism under the corporate talent strategy.
Corporate core R & D power further stimulates the potential for innovation, and binds talent to the depth of firm ' s long-term stable development and protects the company ' s long-term development.
Over the past five years, the company ' s revenue and profit growth accelerated and its performance continued to be excellent: based on full-process integration, the company has continued to operate well in recent years, achieving operating income of $7,744 million in 2021, a 45 per cent increase over the same period in 2020, with operating income increasing by 52.25 per cent compared to 2020 when calculated at the same exchange rate.
During the quarter, the company achieved operating income of 2,103 million yuan, an increase of 41.19 per cent over the same period; net profit from deductions of non-repatriation was 311 million yuan, an increase of 30.83 per cent over the same period, maintaining steady growth.
Laboratory services received $4.566 billion, or 61.34 per cent of total revenue, and remained the main business growth of the company The overall profitability has steadily increased and business has continued to improve: the profitability of the company has steadily increased in recent years, Māori was affected by exchange rate fluctuations and corporate investment in new and emerging business during the first quarter of 2021, with the overall Māori ratio
33.08 per cent, a slight decline, and in order to match the need for rapid business growth, firms have accelerated their capacity-building in recent years: by the end of 2021, they had invested 3,923 million yuan in fixed assets, an increase of 44.07 per cent over the same period; construction in progress had reached 1,374 million yuan, an increase over the previous year.
At the same time, the efficiency of Kang Yong’s transformation has been steadily improving: the liquidity rate of fixed assets has been rising steadily from 1.40 in 2018 to 2.24 in 2021, with a marked increase in operational capacity. Major income from overseas contributions and high growth in the domestic market: current companies and top 20 pharmaceutical companies, including the world’s top 20, are contributing.
Good partnerships have been established, a pool of high-quality customer resources has been accumulated, and overseas clients have contributed their main income, 2021. With the rapid growth of the domestic innovation pharmaceutical industry, firms have been expanding their domestic markets, domestic markets have increased by 39.2 pcts, and domestic markets have become more dynamic.
2- Medical outsourcing services: a continuously high-growth gold track, based on the continued growth of research and development inputs from innovative pharmaceutical enterprises and the increasing rate of outsourcing of innovative drug research and development, the high-growth sustainability of the pharmaceutical outsourcing services sector.
The demands are also growing, allowing the cro to penetrate the R & D chain, enhance the integration of business cooperation, achieve industrial division of labour, and the competitive advantages of the integrated cro companies are emerging.
Drug research and development is a source of innovation in the pharmaceutical industry, a lifeline for pharmaceutical companies, an example of the experience of the international pharmaceutical giants, who have shown that research and development are key to building sustained growth and core competitiveness, and are of great importance to human health and life safety. In recent years, with the increasing willingness to consume medicines and the breakthroughs in new treatments, the world has been new.
Global spending on drug research and development has continued to rise as pharmaceutical research and development continues to warm up. According to frost&sullivan, global drug research and development investment continued to grow steadily from 2016 to 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 6.9 per cent, with small innovation companies increasing their research and development investment faster, at an annual compound rate of 13.3 per cent.
Figure 12: Sustained growth in global drug research and development investment 2.2, re-engineering of research and development strategies by large pharmaceutical enterprises, super-enhancement of biotech, sustained industrial outsourcing Rate of innovative drug research and development with difficult, long cycles, high input characteristics, success rates of innovative drug research and development in recent years
The average cost of new drug research and development, according to Deloitte and Touche data, has continued to rise, from $1,296 million in 2013 to $2,006 million in 2021, while the rate of return on investment in new drug research and development has continued to decline. Figure 13: High cost, long cycle, low success rate of new drug research and development
In recent years, the more willing benevolent biotech company has emerged rapidly: according to iqvia data, the share of the global beyotech post-pipelines has increased from 52% in 2003 to 72% in 2018, and biotech has gradually become a major player in the field of innovation medicine. Biotech usually invests most of its financing in core R & D, and most of it lacks production.
The continued increase in outsourcing of R & D and production-outsourcing services due to the promotion of R & D, capital allocation and scale effects is another driver of high growth in the cxo sector: where R & D success rates are low and R & D costs are high, large pharmaceutical enterprises reduce spending, reduce R & D personnel and outsource R & D production uniforms
At the same time, the rise of light-asset biotech further boosts the need to outsource R & D production operations, limiting it to its own characteristics, and it focuses more on the ability of outsourcing services companies to integrate their co-processing processes. Overall, the domestic and American markets for pharmaceutical R & D are increasing and outsourcing rates are increasing.
The annual rate of outsourcing of the domestic market for innovative medicines is 36.8%, while the rate of outsourcing of the United States market for innovative medicines is 47% over the same period, and there is much room for an increase in domestic outsourcing. At the same time, the United States market, which is a high ground for pharmaceutical research and development, will continue to increase, with Frost&sullvan predicting an outsourcing rate of 57.8% in the United States market in 2026, compared to 57.8% in 2026.
Figure 17: Continuous increase in outsourcing rates in the United States, 2016-2030e uscroutsource, 2016-2030e
Medicines outsourcing companies share a great deal of innovation in medicine, markets are expanding rapidly Medicine outsourcing companies are involved in the development of medicines and share the high returns of innovation: pharmaceutical outsourcing companies enable customers at different stages of drug development by building their own R & D and production platforms and helping them faster and better
As new medicines move forward, pharmaceutical outsourcing companies can fully share the high benefits of new drugs, without taking the high risk of new drug development and good business models. Research and development in pharmaceutical research and development firms invests in the source of the development of pharmaceutical outsourcing companies, with sustained high-growth R & D inputs and higher outsourcing rates.
The basis for the growth of outsourcing services has been laid. Medicine outsourcing companies share a large wave of innovation in medicine, markets have expanded rapidly: continued growth of research and development inputs from innovation-based pharmaceutical enterprises, and rising rates of outsourcing of innovation medicines, and markets for medical outsourcing services have expanded rapidly.
At the same time, industrial growth is expected to accelerate further in 2021-2025, with five years of complex growth,3 laboratory chemistry and bioscience development, rapid growth of laboratory services, covering all stages of pre-drug development, laboratory chemistry and bioscience development:
Conlon's integrated laboratory services include laboratory chemical and biological science services, in which laboratory chemical operations include pharmaceutical chemistry, synthetic chemistry, bioorganic chemistry and analysis and purity, with emphasis on capacity-building in chemical synthesis; biological science services include both in- and out-of-the-life drug metabolism and pharmacodynamics, in vitro biology and pharmacology, drug pharmacology.
Full-scale evaluation and laboratory services in the United States focus on building the capacity of bioscience services. Two operations are new drug research in different disciplines at the same stage, but they have strong inter-operative effects that facilitate inter-disciplinary transformation and enhance client stickyness.
3.1.1 Full-scale development of pre-clinical drug research and development technology platforms, promotion of high-impact client projects as the front end of new drug research and development, where drugs are found to be important in the development of new drugs.
The drug discovery cla is primarily responsible for the development of drug screening models (building of compounds banks and drug screening), detection of the latent/precursor compounds, and optimization of the precursor compounds. The high uncertainty and high-risk nature of the drug discovery phase requires the outsourcing company to have a larger compound bank, with human resources and technology.
The technology reserves, and well-established synthetic chemical and biopharmaceutical laboratories, with the leading technical capabilities that can serve as a multiplier for screening. A full-scale technical platform for pre-clinical drug research and development services will be created to bind clients from the earliest stages of drug research and development:
Based on the advantages of laboratory chemistry, Conlon has been transformed into a well-established laboratory chemical service technical platform that has now been built, such as high flux chemical reaction screening, gene coding, chemical protein metrology, and the discovery of new drugs by highly effective clients. The drug discovery phase is the beginning of the development of new drugs, and the clinical candidate compounds identified at this stage are for later-stage drugs.
As a result, drug companies rarely replace service providers when they identify partners, and companies can bind their clients from the earliest stages of drug research and development. Building unique bioscience and technology platforms to meet the diverse needs of clients: bioscience business.
The company has set up a X-ray treatment technology platform, a 3d cell microball and cassiterite screening platform, an internal video technology platform, a mea-cell test (mea) platform for human-source stem cell induction to provide clients with pharmaceutical research and development services including target identification, structuring relationship research, candidate compound identification, pharmaceuticalization research, etc.
3.1.2 Self-building + M & As steadily boosts the building of productive capacity, and support staff continue to expand the delivery of guaranteed orders.
Xi'an and Ningbo both have laboratory layouts and are continuing the construction of Phase 2 of the Ningbo 1 campus, which, upon completion of the second phase, will increase the number of scientists in laboratory services by nearly 2,000; in addition, the company continues to expand the North Kyoto laboratory and to set up laboratories in the cities of Qingdao, Chongqing, etc.
In order to match the rapidly developing demand for company bioscience services, Conlon has been transformed into a complete acquisition of absortionsystems, celebratory drugs, Conretts, Ankeiborg, and the acquisition of absortionsystems.
In addition, in order to further expand the capacity of the company ' s bioscience services, more than 140,000 square metres of laboratories under phase 1 of the Ningpoo 3 project have been started and are expected to be launched in the first half of 2024.
Access will significantly increase the company’s service capacity in drug safety assessment, drug metabolism, and pharmacological and pharmacological experiments. Accompanied personnel will expand to secure order delivery in an orderly manner: the development of laboratory operations depends heavily on people and laboratory sites.
In order to ensure that the project is delivered well, the expansion of the site needs to be accompanied by matching personnel to ensure that the project is delivered smoothly. The company’s pool of talent is increasing. By the end of 2021, the number of employees in the company’s laboratory operations had reached 7136, an increase of 28.41% compared to the increase in the number of employees in 2018, with a continuous expansion forecast.
The steady growth of the company's laboratory operations will be guaranteed. 3.1.3, the high growth of the biological sciences, and the overall robust performance of laboratory services.
According to the company ' s 2020 clients, the combination of the two clients is high and the synergies are clear, leading to the rapid development of the biosciences. In 2021, the public sector achieved 2,129 million yuan in bioscience, an increase of 57.84 per cent compared to 57.84 per cent in laboratory services.
To 46.62%. We expect that, as the synergies between laboratory chemistry and biosciences are further strengthened, the advantages of integrated services will become more apparent and contribute to the continued high growth of bioscience.
The steady expansion of accumulated and accompanied capacity, the acceleration of overall performance of laboratory services, the quarterly collection of 1.317 billion yuan in corporate laboratory services in 2021, an increase of 38.67 per cent over the same period, and the continuation of high growth.
The cdmo industry has evolved along with the global specialization of the pharmaceutical industry to provide pharmaceutical development firms with services such as process development, formulation development, clinical trial medicine, production of raw materials for chemical or biological synthesis, intermediate manufacturing, formulation production and packaging.
Major efforts include the development and optimization of synthetic routes, the development and validation of analytical methods, and the need to meet national gmp norms and involve complex regulatory declarations, with drug research and development companies often using the cdmo service model as a result of the difficulty and the high cost of completing the above-mentioned work from the beginning to the end.
4.1. With its unique advantages, China ' s cdmo industry has developed rapidly, as an important component of the emerging pharmaceutical market, with a well-developed basic industrial system and a growing number of expatriates and domestic professionals, and the pharmaceutical industry is fully enjoying the benefits of engineers and professionals.
In addition, we have acceded to most of the international multilateral treaties on intellectual property rights, which have created favourable conditions for the global transfer of the cdmo industry to our country and have contributed to the rapid development of our cdmo industry.
The mah system is in place, and the domestic pharmaceutical outsourcing industry is rising rapidly: starting in 2015, the State Council launched a series of pilot programmes to encourage the system of licensing holders of medicines on the market, which was introduced in 2019 into the new Drug Control Act, allowing for the separation of pharmaceutical listing permits from production permits.
The pains of pharmaceutical companies, the focus of small-scale R & D enterprises on original innovation, also provide an enabling policy environment for cdmo enterprises to fully open up their markets. 4.2, cmc operations and laboratory services have been developed in tandem, and project ladders have been formed
The synergies between the operations and the advantages of an integrated layout are evident: with the long-term accumulation of laboratory services and good customer reputations, the company continues to take over the cmc operations of the relevant clients. About 80% of the company ' s cmc operations in 2021 came from the current clients of laboratory services, with clear inter-operational synergies.
The seamless interface between the services and cmc operations, on the one hand, allows clients to move quickly forward with ongoing research projects and enhances client stickyness, and, on the other hand, laboratory chemistry and cmc operations are technically more interconnected and help to promote inter-operational capacity-building and provide continuous support for the long-term development of back-end cmc operations.
Laboratory services for existing clients, non-laboratory services for existing clients, cmc project ladders have formed, and the funnel effect is gradually emerging: based on the close collaboration of the Chinese and British teams, the public has been able to use the Internet as a tool for the development of new technologies.
Of these, 754 were pre-clinical projects, 224 were clinical i-ii, 30 were clinical ii, 5 were process validation and commercialization phases, and the project ladder was formed, and it is expected that company cmc operations will continue to grow rapidly as clients move forward with the project and the release of the company ' s corresponding capacity.
Front-end projects have a larger reserve and back-end projects contribute elasticity in performance: in terms of number of projects, the company accounted for 96.54 per cent of projects from the pre-bed-up to the clinical ii phase in 2021, while the front-end projects accounted for about 80 per cent of cmc in terms of income, while back-end projects accounted for approximately 80 per cent of projects from the clinical stage three to the commercialization phase
3.46 per cent, but with about 20 per cent of the revenue, the value of the later projects is higher. We expect that, as early projects accumulated by the company enter the commercialization phase, greater elasticity will be brought to the company ' s cmc operations.
Enhancing technology platform building, technology-driven and high-quality development of cmc operations: cdmo's core value is to reduce business efficiency, while advanced chemical and engineering technology is the firm's core competitive advantage and a key factor in its leading position. Conlong is transformed into a continuous enhancement of the company's new chemical and biological technologies and capabilities.
In the case of fluid chemistry, continuous response and continuous extraction testing devices have been installed with full automatic control, with a capacity to produce tons, with nearly 100 topics above the level of kg completed in 2021. In the case of bioenzyme catalyzing, nearly 2,000 biocatalyze enzymes have been acquired, and an enzyme catalyst screening platform, an enzyme orientation evolution platform, has been set up for multiple clients.
Magnification projects have screened catalytic enzymes with high conversion rates and stereo-selectiveness. We believe that the use of new technologies will shorten the client's new drug development cycle, enable the project to be marketed as soon as possible, and at the same time reduce commercial production, making companies more profitable.
4.3. Pre- and post-abortion capacity released in an orderly manner, guaranteed rapid growth of cmc operations Upgraded global cmc service capacity and steadily advanced forward end capacity building: Conlong became a front end business owner concentrated in Tianjin, Ningbo and the United Kingdom. Three phases of the Tianjin plant in 2021 (40,000 square metres) and Ningbo first
The second phase of the park works has been put into operation, adding nearly 1,000 process development and R & D analysts to effectively complement the needs of the cmc business front end-products. Self-building + acquisition of two-way energy to fast-track commercialized capacity: as the project moves from the early stages of development to the later stages of development
In addition, the demand for orders from clients for individual projects has grown gradually and the company has rapidly replenished its capacity through self-built + M & As. On its own, 200 cubic metres were invested in the first phase of Shao Xin’s project at the beginning of 2021.
In addition, in May 2022, the company acquired the raw materials production base in Coventry, Rhode Island, United States, both of which were equipped with advanced production facilities that could provide cgmp raw materials from the point of view of commercialization to tons.
Pharmaceutical production services, followed by official audits of fda, ema, etc. We expect that the company will build cmc in China, England, and the United States, along with the formal inauguration of the commercial production base in Shashing and the addition of the production base in phamaronmanufacturing services (uk) and the United States covetry.
Molecular cdmo production facilities can provide end-to-end chemical production services to global clients, and contribute to further acceleration of growth in public cmc performance. The front-end pilot projects can release capacity, and corporate cmc operations are expected to accelerate further growth: benefits and benefits.
Co-development of laboratory services, with company cmc services maintaining a rapid growth rate of 1.746 billion yuan in 2021. We expect that, with the release of front-end projects and commercialized capacity, corporate cmc operations will enter a new phase of development and become another strong performance growth point after laboratory services.
The Māori rate for corporate cmc operations has steadily increased in recent years, with a Māori rate of 34.92 per cent in 2021, and is expected to increase steadily as new technologies, such as continuous flow and enzyme catalyzing, are widely used in the project.
Rapid expansion of the Clinical Cro business, which is about to enter a high-quality development phase The first to third phases of clinical trials and post-market studies of drugs covered by clinical research, with expertise, skills, experience and talent in clinical research strategies and clinical trial operations: overall
In drug development, clinical research takes longer and more funding is invested, and innovative pharmaceutical or medical equipment industries are more likely to rely on clinical collage to provide scientific top-level design, rapid operational progression and high-quality medical and data services to promote a steady expansion of the global clinical coro market.
5.1: Good day, rapid development of the country's clinical co-ordinated costs and efficiency advantages, rapid growth of the domestic clinical co-market: 2017, China joined ich, adopted the same research qualitative approach and review criteria as the ich member countries, and accelerated clinical applications
The speed of approval has encouraged multinational drug companies to conduct clinical trials in China, and has also facilitated multinational drug companies to hire Chinese coro firms to provide services for their overseas operations, thereby enabling domestic coro firms to keep their technology and quality systems in line with the international community. On the other hand, conducting domestic clinical trials is more cost-effective than conducting clinical trials in developed countries.
Strengths and efficiency advantages: According to the Shanghai Clinical Centre for Medical Research, the cost of clinical trials in China is only 30-60 per cent of Western countries; hospitals are the main providers of clinical research, and the very high number of admissions to Chinese hospitals facilitates the conduct of clinical trials.
According to frost&sullivan data, the market size of the Chinese clinical co-services was about 26.3 billion yuan in 2020 and is expected to reach 83.5 billion yuan in 2025, with a five-year complex growth rate of 25.9 per cent in 2020-2025 and industry figure 33: China ' s clinical co-market is growing rapidly
To support clients' clinical i and ii trials, Conlong has been transformed into an integrated and comprehensive clinical research service centre: responsive to clients, the company is constantly building the technical platform required for clinical development and is fully enriched.
The service content provides high-quality clinical development services to global clients, enabling the approval of new medicines. Teams in Maryland, the United States, have successfully implemented more than 250 early clinical trials, at the first comprehensive human test (fih), comprehensive 14c drug absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion tests, tqt/heart safety, cross-ethnic bridge trials.
We have accumulated a wealth of experience in vaccine development and challenge trials, as well as in patient recruitment. Looking back at the development of Kang Long into clinical coro business, the company was stable and created unique advantages: in 2016, with the acquisition of Conlon Britain, we officially entered clinical coro; and then we expanded our business capacity in the United States.
In early 2018, the U.S. Clinical Centers obtained a licence for the use of radioisotopes, which allows companies to design complete clinical research programs based on non-bed research results, building on their unique advantages in the field of clinical coro. Integration of clinical research and development service modules, with a focus on developing domestic operations: domestic clinical services are a strategic focus of companies.
From 2019 to the present, companies have acquired a number of corporate shares to fully complement their business capacities. In 2021, Kondung was established to integrate the clinical research and development capabilities of various subsidiaries and departments, optimizing the structure of specialists and management teams, and integrating clinical operations, clinical field management, data management and statistics, regulatory registration, medical matters.
Services for the development of beds, including pharmacology, quantitative pharmacology, recruitment of subjects, biological sample analysis, drug alerts, medical equipment services, etc., and the construction of a platform for in-depth integrated clinical research and development services to provide clients with efficient, comprehensive and high-quality integrated clinical research and development services.
Conlong has become a clinical co-service capacity-building facility in China and the United States, which, on the one hand, provides easy access for domestic clients to declare their innovations for listing in the United States, and, on the other hand, provides services for overseas clients to conduct clinical research in China and to assist in the approval process in China and the United States.
5.3. Sustained expansion of personnel provides the basis for growth in performance, and high-quality development is expected Matching business development with sustained increase in the pool of talent: the development of clinical co-operation relies heavily on people and pilot sites, and companies have continuously increased their pool of talent to match rapid development of operations. As of the end of 2021, clinical research had been increasing.
The number of employees served was 3,357, an increase of 52.04 per cent over the same period, providing a solid basis for rapid growth in performance. Horizontally, the company’s clinical coro operations were more resilient: in 2021, the company’s clinical coro operations had a per capita output of $2.85 million per person, with a focus on clinical coro areas, iqvia and Tag medicine, respectively.
114.7626 million yuan per person, and there is still much room for improvement. We believe that 2019-2021 will be a period of rapid capacity-building for the company ' s domestic clinical co-operation. As the lines of operation are gradually developed and with the technical capacity and client base of pre-clinical research and development counters, the company ' s clinical co-cro will gradually move into a high-quality development phase, with a single per capita output.
There will also be a marked improvement and a greater degree of flexibility in contributing to the performance of the company.
The company’s clinical coro income is growing rapidly, and we look forward to further high-quality development: clinical coro services in 2021, which grew by 33.59% over the same period, and continued robust growth. At this stage, the company’s clinical coro service rate is more than pre-investment in the expansion of support staff.
The company ' s clinical coro service will gradually move into a high-quality development phase, and profitability is expected to increase steadily. Figure 36: Steady growth in corporate clinical coro operations, Figure 37: Probability is expected to improve gradually
In the field of strategic deployments, large molecules and cgt, long-term growth in accumulation, small molecularization remains a hot spot in the form of drugs, based on low production costs, oral treatment and high patient accessibility. Biopharmaceuticals, represented by antibodies, genes, cell therapy, etc., have high target orientation and selection.
The advantages of good choice, precise therapeutic efficacy, and low side effects have continued to grow rapidly in recent years. According to pharmaprojects, the ratio has increased further. 6.1. Enabling biopharmaceuticals, big molecules cdmo sailed just as they set sail.
The global market needs of the big molecules cdmo: with the rapid development of biotechnological drugs and the fast coming phase of commercialization, the big molecule cdmo has flourished. According to frost&sullivan, the global biomolect cdmo market was $18 billion in 2020 and is projected to be the global mass cdmo 2020-2025.
Markets are growing at a combined rate of more than 20%, maintaining high growth, and expanding rapidly. Cdmo markets are expanding rapidly: China’s cdmo enterprises have been able to grow with the upgrading of their combined technology and integrated management systems in emerging countries such as China, and with the gradual improvement of their intellectual property rights.
At the same time, the country is fully enjoying the dividends of engineers and scientists, with obvious cost advantages, and is more attractive to domestic and foreign customers. China’s big molecule cdmo market is growing rapidly, and according to frost&sullivan, Chinese biology in 2020.
The market size of the big molecules is 9.1 billion yuan, and a compound increase in China’s big molecule cdmo market is expected to be about 38% in 2020-2025, well above the growth rate in the global market. Integrated drug discovery and production services, with initial completion of the mass drug research and development platform: companies
In 2019, the Big Molecular Drug Discovery Service was launched in Beijing; the second phase of the Ningbo Park was launched in 2020, which will provide services for the development of cell strains and cell culture, upstream and downstream production, formulation prescriptions and irrigation production processes, and analytical methods, and it is expected that the Big Molecular Gmp Production Service will begin in the first half of 2023.
The company's big molecule cdmo operations are expected to be rapidly developing. 6.2. Rapid entry into the cgt field, building a “laboratory analysis-ind research-process development and production” followed by small molecules, antibody drugs, and a new generation of precision medical treatments, represented by gene therapy, rapidly rises, and is facing the risk of a new generation of antibodies.
The market for innovative drugs, dominated by small molecules and big molecules, has been an important complement, with some of the important genetic treatment drugs being integrated into the health-care systems of several developed countries, such as the United States, the United Kingdom and Japan, and the accelerated development of genetic treatment drugs, which are expected to lead to the third industrial transformation of biopharmaceuticals.
6.2.1 High rates of outsourcing in the cgt sector, high technical barriers and higher rates of outsourcing in the cgtcdmo sector: genetic therapy as a result of complex technical mechanisms, high-threshold process development and large-scale production, stringent regulatory requirements, some
Limited industrialization experience, differentiated use of adaptive drugs, and increased reliance on research and development outsourcing services.Crb reports that 77% of cgt companies collaborate with cdmo, 20% opting to fully outsource the production process, 57% opting for both cdmo supply and self-manufacturing, while only 23% of businesses have done so.
We believe that the current technology in the cgt field is fast-paced, the enterprise has higher forward investment and risks, the new drug industry will face low capacity utilization, inadequate equipment flexibility, etc., and the transfer of the process, validation and the choice of working with cdmo will help accelerate the management process.
With the rapid growth of the cgt industry, the cgtcdmo market has expanded rapidly: according to frost&sullivan data, the global market for cell gene therapy was $1.72 billion in 2020 and is projected to be 2025.
The market size will reach $7.86 billion, or 35.5 per cent for cagr; the Chinese market for cell gene therapy, cdmo in 2020, will be 1.33 billion yuan, and the market size is expected to reach 19.740 billion yuan in 2027, cagr 47 per cent, cgt cdmo market will expand rapidly, and the industry will enter a period of gold development.
Figure 43: Rapid growth in the global cgtcdmo market
Through extended M&As, Conlon has been converted into a high-level entry into the cgtcdmo field and is now capable of cell gene therapy laboratory services and cell gene therapy cdmo integration services: acquired United States-based absortionsystems, layout cgt laboratory services in 2020. absortionsystems are a technological leader.
Cro provides clients with research and testing services for small molecular medicines, big molecular drugs, cellular and gene therapy and medical devices. In 2021, the company acquired allerganbiobiologicslimited (paramaronbiologicsuk) in Liverpool, United Kingdom, to expand its genetic product process development and gmp production capacity.
(a) The capacity of the integrated “laboratory analysis-ind research-process development and production” services that have been developed in the field of cgt The strategic configuration of the mass molecules and cgt, with long-term capacity development: taking advantage of the industry, the company's two strategic and emerging businesses have continued to grow rapidly, generating $151 million in two operations in 2021, an increase of 466.49 per cent, below the lower base;
Rapid growth; income of $5.17 million in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 49.42% over the same period, has been sustained. We believe that companies have initially set up an integrated technology platform with an advantage in the big molecules and cgt, and that, with a high industry profile, both businesses are expected to sustain rapid growth, opening up further medium- and long-term growth space.
7. Profit forecasting and investment proposals (2) cmc services: with the release of front-end projects + commercialized capacity, it is expected that in 2022-2024 (4) large molecules and cgt operations will take advantage of the industry to maintain rapid growth.
(5) Cost rates for the period: Sales rates have steadily declined as revenues have increased; R&D inputs have continued to increase and R&D rates are expected to remain stable; management and financial cost rates are expected to hold as revenues have increased
In the short term, laboratory chemistry and biosciences have developed to lay the foundation for robust growth in the performance of the Department; commercialized capacity has been able to centralize the accumulation of front-end projects, small molecules cdmo.
Business is expected to grow faster and contribute strongly to corporate performance. In the medium and long term, the advantages of a corporate-wide, integrated layout are expected to emerge and drive the rapid growth of clinical coro and strategic emerging operations.
Multiplier than comparable corporate routines, valuation is reasonable, covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating. International policy changes, exchange rate fluctuations, commercialized capacity to deliver less than expected, market demand for drug R & D services