Increased use (first rating) of the gift material (002.009.sz. ) Integration & the new material & the tap is expected to pass through the cycle cyclical fluctuations in the electrolytic fluids, new additives & new lithium salt taps cyclically.
The high self-supply ratio at the top of the 6f cycle is more profitable and elastic than in the previous cycle, with costs & customers at the bottom of the cycle, and with the accelerated diffusion of new additives and new lifsi, providing new profitable growth points for electrolyte producers and enhancing product competitiveness helps to smooth the cycle further.
The short-term benefits of the electrolyte up-to-date cycle, which, according to company performance forecasts, led by the company ' s actual process in January-February 2022 with a large capacity to reserve products such as lithium difluorophosphate, ethyl sulfate, vc, fec, etc., will inject new dynamic energy into the company and further enhance its competitiveness.
The chain of the electrolytic liquids industry is wide and deep, and the integration & recycling layouts are large, with a high degree of tap cost advantage. The electrolytic solution, solvents and additives have a large extension of the chain, covering such industrial chains as fluorinated fluorine, phosphorus, lithium, the synergy and recyclable benefits of raw materials for each product.
Companies with deep-integrated layouts will have much more of a drop-in space. Companies’ products are widely distributed on a month-by-month basis to raise investment-cum-code-integrated capacity. The chain of circular integrated industries is gradually being built, while the liquid 6f and liquid lifsi processes are being mastered, and their single ton costs are expected to decrease further compared to the crystallized processes.
The layout material is solid phosphate, which provides additional quantities. The company has 300,000 tons of phosphate lithium production, which has been gradually released, and plans to build a 100,000 tons of lithium battery recovery project, which corresponds to 25,000 tons of phosphate.
Iron and 6,000 tons of lithium carbonate are expected to add more than 3 billion to the company’s revenues after delivery. Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn continues to deepen its integration in the field of electrolysis, with new lithium salt & additives leading.
Yao Yun Peak Risks of Lythium Acid Cycle Volatility. New clients expand below expected risk. Capacity built below expected risk. First, retrays and outlooks: new profit growth points for electrolyte fluids under cycle fluctuations.
Lithium hexafluorate (6f) is the main component of the cost of the electrolyte, which supports the electrolyte price cycle. Based on the mainstream electrolyte formula, the cost of the increase in the price of the six fluorine has continued to rise, and if the price is $250,000, the one-ton turnover has been close to 60%.
Lithium has gone through a half-cycle, and the price of the electrolyte is basically the same as the price of lithium hexafluoride.
The profitability of the industry is more flexible, and the price of non-sustained HFC firms & single-ton earnings fluctuates more smoothly after the down-cycle.
Figure 6: Polymeric rate of electrolyte fluids (%) with bottom-cycle profit loads, accelerated concentration of tap shares. Intra-territory industries under the electrolyte cycle, there is a high level of profit and competition in the industry. But the taps are driven by client structure & cost advantage, while sustaining R & D.
The availability of customized and more competitive products, with the average price of lower-cycle flagship products still well above industry parity, promotes greater concentration in the industry. From 2017 to 2020, the share of the natural materials in the market at the end of the cycle is higher.
Downstream demand continues to rise, and the electrolytic fluids are cyclical or weak. We expect about 27 million cars worldwide in 2025, leading to an increase in the demand for lithium, a total load of more than 1,800 gwh, a response to the demand for the electrolyte, a response of more than 2.2 million tons, a response to the demand for 6f 250,000 tons, and a sudden slowdown in the recovery from the previous cycle.
Figure 9: Global electrolysis & solution demand estimates, based on current HFC 6 industry plans, are expected to improve in 24 years. From the current industry ' s lithium hexafluorate production regulations, new additives & lifsi (difluorosulfonamide lithium) will be gradually increased and will be the core of the electrolyte processors.
The upgrading of the battery material system will increase the use of additives & new lithium salt lifsi, and the complexity of the formulation required and the diversity of the appropriate additives will gradually increase, with electrolytic liquid formulations and corresponding additions as the battery plant increases its performance requirements for safety, recharge multipliers, life cycle, high voltage properties, etc.
The development of the agent has become one of the core competitivenesss of the electrolytic fluids, and the new additives, due to the complexity of the additive composition, the high purity requirements, the difficulty of imitation and the existence of a product premium, provide new profit growth points for the electrolytic fluid manufacturers.
The additives are small and beautiful, and the suppliers have an advantage. The additives are small and beautiful lanes, smaller in size, and the global market space is about $3 billion in 2020. There are fewer and mostly domestic players in the entire industry, and the country’s Chinese lithium is the leader of the industry, supplying vc, Fec, with new additives for the electrolyte.
Lifsi has a significant advantage, and the new lithium salt is becoming a consensus in the industry. Lifsi has a better conductivity and heat stability than Lithium hexafluorate, which is now dominated by additives, and is expected to accelerate with a high nickel trend.
Application. Optimisticly projected demand for lifsi is expected to exceed 90,000 tons in 2025. The lifsi process is complex, with higher technical barriers. The two-fluoride process is more complex than lithium hexafluoride, and the current two-fluoride preparation process is divided into four main steps: chlorination-fluorination-lithiumization (salt)-purification.
In short, the current process route, which is based on raw materials, is divided mainly into the routes of chlorazine and chlor sulfonic acid. At present, the total cost of the dominant industry is expected to be around $250,000 to 300,000 tons (in the form of lithium carbonate, which is the core raw material), at a selling price of around 400,000 yuan and a single ton profit of 10-15 million yuan in the future.
Two-fluoride players are few, and the gift industry leads. Currently, the country’s gifted, multi-fluoride, capricorn, and interterrestrial technology are more advanced than the production of the production-capacity layouts for the two-fluoride head companies.
Cost variations in size, with a higher level of control over the consumption of two-fluorinated fluorine by head manufacturers from a cost point of view, coupled with a higher level of production and scale planning, are expected to represent a significant cost advantage.
II. Cost is great: the electrolyte industry has a wide and deep chain of chains, which can be easily reduced. The chain of electrolyte industries has a large coverage, involving a wide range of raw materials, such as hydrofluoric acid, lithium carbonate, chlorothydone, etc., with a large extension space, both horizontally and vertically, and some by-products can be digested or recycled, which also means that
There is further scope for precipitation across the entire industrial chain. Chart 21: Cost advantages of the main raw material industrial chain 6f, lifsi liquid process.
1 LIQUID 6f: Low fixed asset investment costs + continuous production, with low combined costs. The corrosion tolerance requirements for liquid HFC-6 are significantly reduced, and investment costs are significantly lower than for solid HFC 6. And, from the entire process of electrolytic fluids, it saves the crystal crystallineization and resolation process and further reduces production costs.
The company is expected to save 20 to 30 million yuan in liquid hexafluoride relative to the single ton cost of other enterprises. 2) Liquid lifsi: Continuous production, with a high rate of collection and low combined costs. We expect that liquid bifluoride relative to solid bifluoride is characterized by a high rate of collection, with a solid double-fluoride rate of 40 to 50 per cent at present in the industry and a liquid state.
This can be achieved by 70-80%, with significant cost reductions in raw materials. Third, companies: the integrated layout continues to deepen & process lead, with enhanced cost advantages, leading the electrolyte industry, benefiting from the six-fluoride cycle.
Hydrolyte producers of lithium hexafluoride in early distribution, benefiting from the lithium hexafluorate cycle, are more profitable and resilient, with a rate of more than 40 per cent for high-lyte fluids in the cycle and more than 20 per cent for lower rows. In 2021, the company collected $9.7 billion in battery materials, 36 per cent, 1.1 billion in individual camps, and Māori.
33.6% According to the company ' s latest performance forecast, the company achieved business income of 3.3 billion yuan in January-February 2022, while the core raw materials products were well-lined and cost advantages were continuously being strengthened. In recent years, the company has continuously increased its integrated layout, covering lithium salt (six-fluoride, two-fluoride) and various additives, such as vc, dtd, etc., and has gradually been built up.
Acid is the core cycle, raw materials & by-products are being converted, and the combined costs are expected to be further explored. The lead in the country is a liquid process & high self-supply ratio, with an enhanced cost advantage.
The process. For the core solution, liquid liquid, liquid, liquid, two-fluoride, long-term (or halogenated) production, which can lead up to 60,000 tons, has the dual advantage of size & process. Acid production, mineralization projects provide energy and raw material support, and lithium battery recovery achieves a recycling economy.
For example, the company ' s sulfur acid project, which is to be put into production in the future, can consume the tail gas generated by the Xijiang plant, which requires environmentally friendly treatment, and reduce the cost of tailings; at the same time, the project ' s by-products can produce steam to produce electricity, which can meet the company ' s demand for steam use and production power.
On the other hand, the project could better meet the future demand for sulphuric acid in projects such as lithium hexafluorate, iron phosphate, tri-dollar orthodoxy, provide continuous research and development for the production of lithium ion battery materials and upgrade customization to make customers more sticky.
The proportion has remained high in recent years, mainly for the development of high-performance electrolytes, and companies have some research and development advantages in high-temperature, high-multiplier, high-power-safe and long-lived-life safe electrolyte development that can meet the differentiated needs of different clients and enhance their viscousity.
Since 2020, aesc, nonthvolt, dyson, sdi, panasonic, etc. have all entered into close cooperation with Tesla in the signing of an agreement for the supply of electrolyte fluids.
In 2021, a supply agreement was signed with lig to further open up the space for overseas expansion. The company’s overseas market has been expanding in scope. In recent years, the company’s overseas business has been about 12%, which is larger than its counterparts. The company is now active in the overseas market, and in July 2021 it reached an agreement with lig chemistry.
30% of the electrolytic fluids are delivered, and the future company's electrolyte operations have greater scope overseas. Chart 33: The share of foreign channels of companies is not sold to the outside world, and we estimate that the price of the product is based on the average price of the past year, phosphoric acid.
The iron price is 135,000 yuan per ton, the phosphate lithium price is 459,000 yuan per ton, and the pre-trivalent cost of the drive (weighted average price of nickel, cobalt, manganese sulfate) is 374,000 yuan per ton. We expect that the company will collect an additional 3,492 million yuan after the construction and planning capacity is fully released.
100,000 tonnes of liquid and capacity of integrated materials (including hydrogen fluorine, sulphuric acid, lithium electric materials), further deepening of the integrated layout, four, profit forecasting and investment proposals
(4) Cost assumptions: Internal management of the company is more mature, but due to product price cyclical fluctuations & market changes, we value the company using the pe valuation method, selecting Enje shares, the Ningde era, Siotai, industry leaders in the field of electrolyte, the company actively layout new additives & lithium salt, and raising product premium.
By deepening integration & recycling layouts, companies are expected to move through the cycle. Our electrolytic operations are largely driven by downstream demand for new energy vehicles, which may be less developed than expected, as follows.
The current pattern of competition in the electrolyte industry is excellent, with the risk of deterioration in the pattern of competition.
Lithium hexafluoride is currently at a high stage, with large intra-industry expansion, which results in excess production after release or oversupply, resulting in excessive downswings in lithium hexafluoride prices.  Client expansion does not meet the expected risk.
The company’s electrolytic operations are highly productive and require the digestion of new customers, such as domestic and overseas customers, whose growth is not as high as expected and whose production capacity is difficult to digest. The company’s existing customer structure is in danger of changing.
The company ' s investments in lithium salt liquid hexafluoride, bifluoride, etc., are large and at less than expected risk of capacity-building. Analysis of the rating ratios in the relevant reports in the market shows that: