In 2021, the company made a profit of $2.208 billion, which is at the midpoint of the performance forecast. In 2021, the company achieved a return net profit of $2.208 billion, an increase of 314 per cent, and in 2021, the company achieved a return profit of $2.208 billion; the corresponding q4 achieved a return.
The rise was mainly due to high industrial conditions, high levels of shortage of electrolyte fluids and lithium hexafluoride, rising product prices and increasing integration, and strong corporate profitability. The lithium battery market demand was strong. The company’s continued expansion guaranteed a high rate of growth.
The 52-week maximum/minimum rate was 154.5 gwh, an increase of 143%. Downstream high demand led to a rapid increase in the delivery of electrolytic fluids, and we expect that downstream demand will continue to be strong, while companies, such as Xiaoyang and Fukudang, are starting production.
The new production capacity was deployed in Foding, Pengshan, Nantung, Choking, etc., and the forward electrolytic and liquid production planning was close to 1.2 million tons, further reinforcing its position. The company continued to build up its upstream layout, integrating it to improve profitability.
At the same time, the company has been active in expanding projects such as vc, dtd, and lifsi, and increasing profits from integrated layouts. The company’s multi-purpose operations are booming, and the phosphate-deepening layout is expected to yield significant returns.
A 100,000-ton project is expected to be launched in the first phase of the Tee-chang project, and the super-compatible company has been working with the Ningde era, Hunan-Yu-chan, among others.
Overall business development has been steady, with companies gaining a strong lead in recent years in the continuous expansion of their solar materials project.
Quarterly Review: q1 Super-Prospected, H6F Investment Recommendations: Upwarding Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of “buy-in” ratings. Company Deep Farming Hydrolyte Industrial Chains, former material layouts and integrated layouts continue to improve profitability. At the same time, phosphate iron, solarization, etc.
The Tianchi material - 002709-2020 Annual Report Review: The electrolyte tap, with a high and steady increase in prices, contributes significant profits to the company. Optimized, based on the marginal profitability of the company’s integrated layout, we have revised our previous profit projections upwards and are expected to achieve a net return on the return to the company in 2022-2024, respectively.
In 2021, the company achieved a net return profit of $2.208 billion, an increase of 314 per cent in the same year; and q4 was achieved as a result of high industrial conditions, high levels of electrolysis fluids and lithium hexafluoride, rising product prices, and increasing physicalization and high profitability. q4 companies achieved a rate of 29.08 per cent, a decline of 14.39 ptt;
The price of raw materials has been rising steadily, new production of HFC 6 is still on the slope in q4 and the short-term profitability ring has fallen. Figure 2: Business income and growth (in billions of dollars, per cent) in the single season of the gifted materials has continued to improve the efficiency of the company and the cost rate has fallen significantly.
This represents a decrease of 5.71 pct; sales/management/research and development/financial rates of 0.68 per cent (-0.94 pct), efficiency of 3.20 per cent, and a steady drop in cost driven by the base effect of the high growth in revenue in 2021. $2.05 billion in net operating cash flows for companies in 2021, an increase of 224 per cent.
4.69, 8.01, operational efficiency improvement on a year-on-year basis. Figure 5: Māori rate of gifted materials, changes in net interest rates, Figure 6: Changes in cost of gifted materials
Figure 7: Ratios of natural and material assets, liabilities and asset liabilities, Figure 8: Cash flows from natural and materials operations, Figure 10: Changes in material and material solvency indicators
Figure 9: Changes in the performance indicators of the gift materials Company operations are divided mainly into lithium ion cell material operations and solarization operations. 1) Lithium ion cell material operations consist mainly of electrolyte and positive prepolar drivers operations, 2021 company electrolytes
High-speed export growth has led to a sharp increase in lithium ion cell operations. In 2021, the company ' s lithium ion cell material operations together generated an operating income of $9,733 million, an increase of 266 per cent. In 2021, the gross profit rate for lithium ion cell material was 36.03 per cent, an increase of 8.42 pct.
In 2021, the company collected $1,102 million in daily materials and special chemicals, a decline of 9% in the same year; the Māori rate improved the profitability of the company; the demand for power cells was strong, and the company ' s electrolytic fluids were growing at a high rate.
154.5 gwh, an increase of 143% in the same year. Downstream high demand led to a high rate of electrical discharge, which reached 144,000 tons in 2021, an increase of 97% in the same year. Looking forward, we expect to continue the demand downstream in 2022. Figure 12: Domestic power cell load (gwh)
Figure 13: Distribution (tonnes) of electrolytic fluids in the form of tons, 300,000 tons in Sichuan Pengshan, 200,000 tons in the form of a new project in the south, 200,000 tons in the form of a new project in the form of electrolyte in the form of Tsing Qing and others, plus a project in the Czech Republic, with company electrolyte forward production planning approaching 1.2 million tons worldwide.
In the midst of the electric wave, the company’s accelerated expansion of production capacity is expected to be pre-positioned. The company continues to build on the upstream layout of the electrolytic fluids, increasing profits from the integrated layout: 150,000 tons of liquid 6-fluoride projects, and 200,000 tons of liquid 6-fluorine projects from the Xijiang.
The company has a planned capacity of more than 170,000 tons of UF6 and a self-supply capacity of almost 1.3 million tons of electrolyte. The continued build-up of the hexafluoride is expected to maintain a high self-supporting ratio, guaranteeing tons of vc, which is expected to start production in 2023. The announcement in August 2021 that the South Chinaton project will build 6,000 tons of dtddd
The project, vc, dtd extension, is expected to improve the integrated layout of the electrolyte fluids and increase profits. The annual technology transformation project will have an annual capacity of over 10,000 tons. The company has already prepared the 60,000-ton hfsi project, which is an intermediate raw material for about 57,000 tons of lifsi. The lifsi project is expected to be a new increase in the company’s performance.
The Ton Phosphate Project is expected to be operational, with a combined capacity expected to reach nearly 140,000 tons by the end of the year. The company has now entered into a partnership with its clients in the Ningde era, Hunan Yuen, and Kuo-Kong, and we expect that with the release of new capacity, the company's 2022 delivery of phosphate iron is expected to reach 8 to 100,000 tons, and that scaling will boost the operation to a significant yield.
In 2021, the company’s solarized products were more competitive in the traditional cleaning, laundry, and liquid markets and had successfully supplied its leading customers, both domestically and internationally. In the case of chemicals, the price of large quantities of raw materials fluctuated, the market as a whole was depressed, and the company was actively selling them.
Marketing strategies and channel layout, maintaining market stability, and focusing on industrial organic silicon and new energy sectors. In recent years, companies have been increasing their investment in solarization, and in 2020 they were planning to raise an additional 1.85 million tons of new daily chemical materials per year. The project is expected to produce an average annual income of $2.16 billion and a net annual profit of $240 million.
The project, which is expected to contribute an average of 370 million yuan a year and a net annual profit of 700 million yuan, is currently under construction, and is currently being reviewed and approved. We expect that, with the company’s new production capacity continuing, the growth of solarized operations will be stable.
Investment proposals: raise profit forecasts to maintain a “buy-in” rating. The company's deep-deep electrolyte industry chain, improved layout of raw materials, and continuous improvement in the profitability of integrated layouts. At the same time, operations such as iron phosphate, solarization, etc., have been steadily developed, making significant profits to the company.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject