Reconsider the company's core competitiveness, integration + technological progress, building a profit moat, Nguyen Xiaoyan.
The market is worried that the excess capacity of HFC-led prices will accelerate the fall in prices, and that there will be high uncertainty about the profitability of the electrolysis.
In the short term, the fall in the price of q266 was seen as a result of demand for the effects of the epidemic, and the current price of lithium carbonate was 6 of Bentallium, with a better supply and demand structure of q3 at a projected quarter of a million yuan per ton, a steady right platform with a prospect of a small rebound, a low price for the sale of UF6 and an excess of electrolyte fluid.
In the long run, power is increasing, companies are deeply tied to the supply of major raw materials such as customer plus integration, solvents, etc. In addition, new industrial technologies, new products are being rolled out, new lithium salt, new additive layouts are being stepped up, self-supply is increasing, and companies are becoming stronger.
▪ Building an integrated chemical platform, with an electrolyte cost gap of around $10,000/t, with a clear lead.
The solution's integrated layout, with the production of lithium fluorine, pentafluoride in the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half, with the upstream hydrofluoric acid, sulphuric acid cycle, etc. gradually connecting to vertical industrial chain integration. The company's self-supply ratio of hexafluoride is close to 100%, and the additives vc, fec, dtd, etc. can be built to match their supply.
Examples are raised. We measure the company ' s fluids at 30,000 yuan/tonne lower than solid costs, 50,000 yuan/tonne lower than new entrants to the industry, add up additives, increase the self-supply ratio of lifsi, and, under pessimistic UF6, the company ' s electrolytic fluid profits are expected to remain around 10,000 yuan/tonne, with a significant cost advantage.
• The company lifsi production, cost-leading industry, fast released in 22-23 years, became the second largest growth pole. The new lithium salt lifsi has a clear advantage over UF6 performance, with a narrowing of the price gap with UF6 and a large-scale application within the industry, which is now increasing to 3-6%, with the gifted material taking the lead.
By the end of the year, 20,000 tons of productive capacity had been built, and 20,000 tons were expected to grow by the end of the year. Lifsi’s production barriers were high, one-ton profits were well above the six-fluoride and cyclically weak, and with further increases in the added proportion, the profit contribution was significant, and the company’s growth is expected to be the second largest in the future.
Rapid release of iron phosphate production, positive + recovery starting to add. Corporate horizontal layout, now. : 35,000 tons of iron phosphate production in 2022, 300,000 tons in the second half of the year, released in two phases, all year round.
Tons of profits of 0.8 million ton, and long-term gains from raw materials are still expected to be above industry average.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect the company to return its net profits in 2022-2024, solidized vanguard status, contribution of phosphate iron
1. Recalculation materials: Integration creates a radical expansion of the production capacity of the global electrolytic liquid taps, perfect integration layouts, rapid increase in the share of electrolytic fluids in the city. The company is mainly engaged in research and development of the electrolyte and its raw materials and is one of the country ' s first producers of electrolyte plants.
Started in 2000 with solarized materials, marched into the military electrolytic liquid market in 2005, self-researched self-generated electrolyte lithium hexafluorate in 2011, acquired in 2015 and acquired 70% of the share of East Qayhin in 2015 into the Catl and atl supply chains. Successfully entered the Tesla supply chain in 2020, and signed an electrolytic long-term collection with the new energy source Ig in 2021.
Purchase agreements, volume market size first (33%) and global electrolytic fluid taps are strong. Figure 1: The history of the development of the gifted materials.
The price of the electrolyte went into the bottom zone in 2018, and from 2018 to 2020, there was an active integration of the upstream raw materials, the expansion of overseas customers, and the development and production of new additives to further strengthen its strengths. The price of lithium hexafluoride fell to the bottom in the first half of 2020, and the firm integration of companies was reversed by the end of 2020.
Lithium hexafluoride produced 12,000 tons, with the highest capacity. Downstream demand erupted at the end of 2020, industry supply and demand structure reversed, demand for hexafluoride was out of order, prices went up the cycle from 60,000 yuan/tonne at the end of August 2020 to over 500,000 yuan/tonne in February 2022, and in-house second-line manufacturers suffered from six fluorine supply bottlenecks, production capacity was limited, and supplies were added.
Not to mention 23.9%, 29.3%, 33.1%, the global electrolysis tap is strong and its edge is further enhanced. Figure 2: Competition patterns in the production of electrolyte by domestic producers in 2019 (left), 2020 (medium), 2021 (right) Corporate concentration and stable equity structure. As of June 2022, the first shareholder, Xu Jin Fu, took over the company.
The centre, which has 15 level-I subsidiaries, 10 level-II subsidiaries, and an industrial investment platform. The subsidiary operates from the top to the bottom of the industrial chain, including positive materials, electrolyte, hexafluoride salt, solvent additives, etc., located mainly in Guangdong (organic silicon, Ningde Kaihin) and Jiangxi (Kingjiang Tianjiang, Xijiang Mines, CHingi-hong, Jiang Xi-Yi-Yiun, etc.).
The industry has been experienced for many years by management in deep-farming electrolytic fluids: the core team works in chemical industries such as the Central College, Zhejiang Giantization, Pulse, Doming Chemistry, etc., and has a very interesting direction in the development of the electrolytic fluids industry, easy access to cutting-edge information, easy integration of production and early development of new products.
Since the beginning of the year, the number of patents granted by companies has increased sharply, reaching 301 by the end of 2021, covering areas such as batteries, electrolytes, electrolytes, and the preparation of materials for electrolytes. The number of R & D spending and technology by companies has increased from year to year, reaching over 900 technicians in 2021, R & D expenditure amounted to $380 million, and R & D costs amounted to 3.4 per cent.
Figure 6: Annual growth in corporate patents Figure 7: Annual growth of corporate R & D inputs and technicians in the HFC 1.2.06 price up-to-date cycle, rising performance expectations and higher electrolyte chain yields
In 2021, the company registered a high growth rate in revenue, with net interest rates exceeding 20 per cent + and increasing profitability. In 2021, the company achieved operating revenues of $11,091 million, an increase of 169.26 per cent over the same period; the lithium ion cell material business was opened. Sub-operational benefits from an increase in the price of UF6 + the self-supply ratio, the electrolyte volume of leachate, and the phosphate business.
Started up. Lithium ion cell material business earned $9,733 million in 2021, representing 87.76 per cent of the company ' s operating income, with an increase of 265.92 per cent in the same year, with an increase of $6.6 billion in the second half of the year, with a doubling of the ring ratio. The Māori rate increased by 36.03 per cent in 2021, compared with an increase of 8.42 pt, with a major contribution from electrolyte.
Upgrade, with a single ton net gain of nearly $14,000 per year, a 150 per cent increase over the same year; in addition, the iron phosphate business began to grow gradually, the traditional day-to-day business grew steadily, and capoum prices fell back to normal levels. In 2021, the solar material business earned 1102 million yuan, a 9.19 per cent decline in the same year, and the Maori rate of 33.58 per cent, a 23.39 pct decline in the same year, mainly subject to capom prices.
In 2021, the company sold 97,000 tons of chemical materials, with capoum prices falling to normal water levels, and we expect capom to earn 100 million yuan a year, with traditional solarization contributing 100 million yuan and a total of 200 million yuan, while the public administration built up an additional 1,85,000 tons of new daily chemical materials to support the steady growth of solar industry.
Figure 8: Corporate collections and rates of increase Figure 9: Net corporate returns and rates of increase Figure 10: Corporate Mäori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Figure 11: Cost of the company period 2. Electrolysis fluids: short-term view of HFC prices stable, long-term view of the integration build-up cost barrier.
There is widespread concern about whether the company’s performance will continue to grow over the next two years under the downward cycle of HFC prices, as well as about the excess supply of UF6 and the reasonable profitability of a single ton of electrolyte. In the short term, lithium carbonate prices are expected to remain high in 2022, with high HFC costs, and the industry’s additional energy costs close to that of the industry.
In the long run, unlike in the last cycle, the power-motivated trend has shifted from policy-driven consumption to autonomous demand.
Driven by high downstream demand and increased demand for electrolyte properties, roll-out of new lithium salts, new additives, etc.
2.1. The electrolyte is broadly consistent with the HFC price cycle, and the hydrofluoride becomes a necessity in the integrated layout. The electrolyte is one of the four major lithium battery materials, which accounts for 8 to 9 per cent of the cost of battery material, directly determining battery performance.
As a carrier of ions passing between positive and negative poles, the electrolyte provides a channel for ion transmission, which is the “blood” of lithium cells, which affects the performance of lithium cells. The electrolytic fluid determines the integrated energy of batteries, which accounts for 8-9% of battery costs. The electrolytic fluid performance indicators are: (1) high conductivity: the rapid transmission of the lithium ion recharge process, which is good.
(2) High chemical stability: Higher work voltage tolerance is one of the keys to the energy density advantage of the lithium ion cell. (3) A wider range of available temperatures: high and low-temperature working properties of the lithium ion cell can be ensured by the use of electrolytic fluids with a wide temperature range. (4) Better flame retardants: flammable organic solvents of electrolytic fluids are a major problem for battery safety.
The cost of hexafluoride is the highest in the raw materials of the electrolyte, both of which are highly correlated. The main raw materials of the electrolyte core include hexafluoride, solvents, additives, each using 12%, 80%, and 8%. The cost of hexafluoride is about 56% of the cost of the electrolyte under lithium hexafluoride (lipf6).
(lipf6) Prices were largely synchronized, falling to less than RMB 100,000/t in mid-2020, and the electrolytic fluid at the same time to less than RMB 40,000/t. Lithium hexafluoride rose all the way up to nearly RMB 600,000/t in March 2022, with the electrolyte rising to a historical high of RMB 120,000/t since March 2022.
The prices of the active electrolysis fluids have been reduced to below $80,000 per ton, and the prices of the electrolyte fluids and lithium hexafluoride have been highly correlated. The price of HFC6 is high at the bottom of the base, the market point of 22q3 is expected to drive the price of HFC6 to stabilize, and global demand for accelerated electrolyte is expected to increase by 900,000 tons + in 2022.
We expect that the global volume of new energy vehicles will reach 9.78 million in 2022, that the demand will be 573.5 gwh for power lithium batteries, that of supercharged energy and consumer batteries, and that the stock needs of automobile companies will be exceeded by 800 gwh for total lithium batteries worldwide in 2022, and that the actual demand for electrolyte will be 995,000 tonnes, an increase of 53 per cent from 2021.
Global sales of new energy vehicles amounted to 2,484 million vehicles a year, and the demand for power cells exceeded 1.8 twh, the global demand for lithium batteries exceeded 2.4 tgwh in 2025, and the demand for electrolytes exceeded 2.6 million tons and the combined increase of 40% in 2022-2025. As a result, the price of hexafluoride began to loose and entered the downward cycle.
Environmental approvals are stringent, coupled with intensive investment and long periods of equipment acquisition, and the cycle of new capacity expansion begins in about a year and a half to a cycle, with a price of 500,000 yuan per ton per road. We measure global demand for electrolytic fluids in 2022 at 796,000 tons, corresponding to a demand of 995 million tonnes for hexafluoride, with actual demand for electrolyte at 995,000 tons if we consider 20 per cent of the loss.
Real demand for hexafluoride reached 12.43 million tons, compared with a global capacity of 1,063 million tons at the end of 2021, and in 2022 q1 additional capacity was released, supply and demand tensions eased, and the price of lithium hexafluoride began to loose to less than 300,000 tons. In tons, capacity utilization declined to about 80%, and the price of hexafluoride is expected to return to normal levels.
Figure 16: Trends in HFC prices (millions/tons) 2022 q2 affected by the epidemic, excessive demand and supply levels of HFC 6, which led to a rapid fall in prices, demand booming in the second half of the year, and we expect the demand and demand margins to be better. On a quarterly basis, in 2022, q1 new production capacity in the industry was released.
In March, the price of lithium hexafluoride began to loose. q2 was affected by the epidemic in 2022, with a slight increase in the battery plant ' s discharge ring compared to the flat, and a smaller increase in the demand for lithium hexafluoride, but the industry further released the additional supply, with more than 5,000 tons of polyfluoride and new Thais, and 10,000 tons of natural material.
The current supply is oversupply, pushing the price to fall to about $260,000 per tonne. But looking at 2022q3 as new models are paid and policy incentives, it is expected that the point of sale will be clear, leading to a higher demand for lithium hexafluoride, a better marginal supply and demand pattern in the industry, a low price point for hexafluoride, and a steady or small rebound in the price of q36.
Lithium carbonate supplies are kept in a tight balance throughout the year, although HFC 6 is relatively well planned, but the rate of start-up is limited by lithium carbonate, and the supply of the fluorine sector is delayed by the time it is needed. We expect 712,000 tons of lithium carbonate for the year 2022, with 100% capacity utilization. Lithium carbonate prices have been running at a high level of $450,000 to 500,000 tons since the beginning of the year, and we expect lithium carbonate for the year 2022.
The supply balance is tight, the physical capacity of the industry ' s lithium hexafluoride is limited by the supply of lithium carbonate, and the cash cost pressure of new entrants is high, some of the additional capacity cannot be converted to effective supply, and the supply of lithium hexafluoride is delayed by the time of oversupply. 2.2.2. Lithium carbonate costs are high, and the price of hexafluoride is at the bottom of the stage.
The price of lithium carbonate is high and the price of lithium hexafluoride in 2022 is low. Lithium carbonate is one of the important raw materials of lithium hexafluorate, with a cost of more than 50%, the supply of lithium carbonate in 2022 is kept in a tight balance, the price of lithium carbonate in the battery class rebounded to 480,000 yuan per tonne in June, and we expect that the price of lithium carbonate will remain high throughout the year, within a range of 450-55 million yuan per tonne.
Volatile. Based on the theoretical use of 0.25 tons of lithium carbonate per ton of lithium hexafluoride, the price of lithium carbonate is 450,000 yuan per ton. The cost of lithium carbonate for lithium hexafluoride is around 120,000 yuan per ton, the cost for new entrants is expected to be over 200,000 yuan per ton, and the cost for traditional manufacturers is expected to be around $1.52 million per ton. As competition in the hexafluoride sector increases, the current cost of lithium hexafluoride
At a price of $250,000 to $270,000 per ton, which corresponds to additional production capacity at the tail level, which is largely micro-economic, and lithium carbonate, which has reached a low stage price of lithium hexafluoride, prices are expected to contribute to the successful implementation of the agreement and the single ton profits of the electrolyte company have stabilized. Lithium carbonate was quoted at 46 to 480,000 tons at the beginning of June 2022, and the price of lithium carbonate is expected to be expected to be 4.48 million tons.
In 2022, the price of lithium hexafluoride against the head battery was raised, and the price of hexafluoride was unlikely to fall under the terms of the agreement, and its profitability was expected to remain stable throughout the year.
2.3. The company has a leading industry with a long-term cost advantage in the construction of a liquid HFC+ integration platform. 2.3.1. The electrolytic liquid production capacity planning is extensive, lithium hexafluorate expansion accelerates the achievement of full self-supply. The company ' s electrolyte base core clients, with total capacity planning exceeding 1.7 million tons, account for 40 per cent of the target global city.
The company has built three bases: Ninde, Guangzhou and Kyujiang, which have been actively expanded to meet the needs of downstream customers. Of these, Xujiang has started production at 150,000 tons by the end of 2021, Xiaoyang is expected to start production in the second half of the year, Xiaoyang is expected to start production at 100,000 tons, Foding is expected to start production at 100,000 tons, Czech is going to start with 30,000 tons, South China is going to expand 200,000 tons of electrolyte (including lifssi, additive capacity) and Sichuan.
In addition to the new announcement of 200,000 tons of Jiangmen base, and the 300,000 tons of Fudang base plan, we expect 1.7 million tons of corporate capacity to be fully built, 40% of the target global city, and a huge forward plan. The company has planned 155,000 tons of lithium hexafluoride production (fixed), which can be matched by additional electrolyte production by 2024.
Yes. At the end of 2021, the gift material, lithium hexafluoride, had a capacity of 32,000 tons; in 2022, 20,000 tons of additional solidity land-based liquid hexafluoride was expected to be produced; by the end of 2022, it was expected to be more than 50,000 tons; and the accompanying electrolytic fluids were expected to be released. The Ministry planned to produce 150,000 tons of liquid hexafluoride capacity (with a fixed capacity of 47,000 tons), and 200,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluoride (with a fixed capacity) in the Xijiang.
With a planned capacity of 155,000 tonnes (fixed), corresponding to approximately 1.2 million tonnes of electrolyte support capacity, and a significant advantage of integration, near 100% self-supply is expected to be sustained over the long term.
2.3.2. The sole-volume liquid hexafluoride process, with its obvious cost advantages, has resulted in an additional lithium hexafluoride production capacity dominated by liquid lithium hexafluoride, with combined costs of 1.26 billion yuan less than in the same industry and one-ton investment of more than half of the solid hexafluoride.
2) Simple process: the process step of dissolving and crystallizing can produce continuous output and reduce equipment energy consumption. 3) By-product recycling: the by-product sulfate of liquid hexafluoride has a recovery value and can be used more for corporate iron phosphate production, further enhancing the horizontally integrated layout of the company, while the solid hexafluoride process produces hydrochloric waste, requiring additional scrap.
Liquid hexafluoride is a technological breakthrough in lithium salt studies that achieves high-efficiency output through continuous production. The main technical barriers reflect: 1) Liquid removal processes, which are more complex and difficult to imitate with solvent raw materials involved in liquid removal.
(b) There is a clear competitive advantage in the industry: other domestic manufacturers still follow Japanese processes, while companies use US processes and improved applications (introduced in 2010), and liquid hexafluoride is more pure and of higher quality than their peers.
From the central nitro, Xijiang Tianjiang, in a joint venture with the central nitro, the company holds 30 per cent of the share. Figure 28: Flowchart of the crystal lithium hexafluorate preparation process. Figure 27: Flowchart of the liquid lithium hexafluoric acid preparation process
2.3.3. Operation of the upstream supply of basic chemical raw materials, construction of integrated chemical platforms, formation of industrial closed-rings The company continuously strengthens the integrated layout of the upstream layout of the basic lithium electrical material, and construction of the integrated chemical platform, which began production in mid-2022. The vertical layout of the chain of the electrolyte industry has been deepening in recent years with the construction of “sulfuric acid-hydrofluoric acid”
Lithium hexafluoride-Lithium hexafluoride-dithium hexafluoride-dithium electrolyte” integrated output layout of the industrial chain. Company layouts parallel to ex-hefsi-hfsi, additive vc, etc., are upstream base materials such as hydrofluoric acid, hydrofluoride, pentafluoride phosphorus, lithium fluoride, dichloropropanol, sulphuric acid, etc., closing the industrial chain. 2019
The expansion of the 50,000-ton hydrofluoride, 30,000-ton electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid project, which has now been completed with the production of 50,000-ton hydrofluoride per year and is currently in the trial production phase, with the production capacity of 25,000-ton hydrofluoride expected to be completed by July 2022; and the establishment of 400,000 tons of sulphuric acid (98 per cent sulphuric acid, trioxide sulfonic acid, etc.) by the company, which is expected to be completed by June 2022.
Energy supplies that can provide sulphate raw materials and related production are the basis for supporting the entire system's material and energy cycle.
The first is the use of corporate hydrogen chloride tail gas as feedstock in the sulphuric acid project, the reaction with so3 in the sulphuric acid device, the synthetic chlorsulfonate, partly as feedstock in the lifsi device, the remaining part of which can be marketed to address fundamentally the company ' s chlorinated hydrogen tail gas emissions, while reducing the cost of the lifsi device and tailing treatment.
A significant recycling reduction was achieved; the sulphuric acid project could provide sulfate feedstock for the east-to-base hydrofluoric acid project, while the hydrofluoric acid could be used as feedstock for lithium fluoride and phosphorus pentafluoride, with lithium fluoride and phosphorus combined with lithium hexafluoride, and lithium fluoride as feedstock for lifsi, electrolyte additives; and the liquid lithium salt by-products of waste sulfonic acid containing hydrofluoride.
Purification and reprocessing processes can return to production systems for hydrofluoric acids, sulphuric acids for recycling to achieve emission reduction and mitigation efficiency. In addition, sulphuric acid is a key raw material in the synthesis of corporate positive materials for phosphate lithium phosphate.
In the case of solid hexafluoride, the crystallization process can be avoided and manufacturing costs reduced effectively; 2) cycle integration layouts: Sulphur acid projects can provide the source of flue sulfate for the hydrofluoric acid project, sulfur trioxide can replace the source of sulfonic acid, which can be used as a feedstock for lithium hexafluoride, chlorsulfonate is used as a feedstock for lifsi, while large quantities of chlorinated hydrogen tail gas are produced during the production of lifssi products.
It can also be used as a feedstock for a product of chlor sulfonic acid, creating a recycling system that reduces the cost of the material. 3) Battery recovery project: a company layout of 100,000 tons of battery recovery projects with a capacity of 0.6 million tons of industrial lithium carbonate, corresponding to an estimated 20,000 tons of lithium hexafluorate, with a clear price advantage over market procurement.
It has been calculated that the company ' s liquid capacity of HFC 6 is expected to have a cost advantage of RMB 120,000/t compared to traditional solids and more than RMB 50,000/t for newer entrants. According to the synthesis step of lithium hexafluorate, lithium hexafluoride (lipf6)=Lif + pentafluoride (pf5), lithium fluoride (lf)=Lithium carbonate (lico3) + hydrofluoride
(hf) phosphorus pentafluoride (pf5) = pentachlorinated phosphorus (pcl.5) + hydrofluoride (hf) to achieve 100 per cent self-supply of raw materials, significant cost advantages of raw materials and sulphuric acid circulation systems that effectively reduce unit energy consumption and tailing costs, stacking devices, low-ton inputs, low-energy consumption belts, etc.
The resulting manufacturing cost advantage of around $10,000/t, under the current lithium carbonate cost scenario, we expect the company to have a cost advantage of $120,000/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/t/g/t/t/t/g/t/g/g/g/g/g/h/h/h/h/h/F6 and to have the industry bargaining power in the next downward cycle.
2.4. Pessimistic HFC prices assume that the company’s electrolytic fluids are expected to maintain a cost advantage of 10,000 yuan per ton, that the price of 2022,16 million fluorons will increase, that the electrolytic fluids will deliver 60,000 tons, and that the market will increase by 60,000 tons per product. We expect that the company’s 2022q1 output will increase by 20 per cent per ring + and more than double the same rate, with the epidemic on the company’s logistics side.
Figure 31: Lithium hexafluoride production capacity measurement (tons/year) 2022 q26 fluorine slurry price down, but the long hexafluoride smooth price fluctuates, and lifsi starts to release, with a forecast that the company's single ton of electrolyte will remain above 15,000 yuan/tons per year. Company 2022 q1 tons net gain increase.
Up to 22,000 yuan per ton, due to the availability of some low-priced lithium carbonate stocks, the projected profits are around 200 million yuan, regardless of the fact that the price of fluorine is starting to lax, with a current bid of 260,000 yuan per ton, but the company and the large client have a long unit price of 200,000 yuan per ton per ton, and taking into account the cost of hexafluoride towed bill prices, we expect to maintain a transaction price of more than 200,000 yuan per ton per year, with electrolyte fluids.
Additional production capacity, such as additives, is gradually released, corporate profits are being increased, low-price reserves of lithium carbonate are being phased out, single tons of electrolytic fluid are expected to remain above $10,000 per tonne in the second half of the year, and profitability is expected to be around 15,000 per tonne throughout the year.
Figure 32: A year-round electrolyte profitability measurement (millions of dollars) of the gifted materials, 2023-2024, with a pessimistic projection of HFC 6, the company ' s single-ton profit can still be maintained at $10,000 per ton left right. Currently, the electrolyte is largely priced for cost plus, and the company ' s electrolyte price = market price of raw materials + CEO VI + its price +
Raw materials such as additives increase their share. The company’s liquid lithium hexafluoride is partly cost-effective in depreciation, manufacturing costs (saving from crystallization), upstream integrated raw material layouts (hydrofluorocarbon, pentafluoride, sulphuric acid recycling systems, etc.) and is expected to cost about 50,000 tons less than the industry’s new entrants without taking into account the cost advantages of lithium carbonate recovery.
Considering that the industry average price at the time of oversupply is essentially a clean-up of the industry's tail production, HFC 6 is entirely from the cost of the corresponding electrolyte, which is around RMB 0.6 million/tonne lower than the competitor's cost; in addition, the company lifsi, the self-supply ratio of additives, has gradually increased and is now mainstream, the cost of the electrolyte per tonne has been reduced by about RMB 0.1 million/t, and lifsi is calculated at the 3-6% plus ratio, assuming that
In addition, new additives such as dtd, odfp, etc. are being applied and, given the profitability of the new additives, the self-supply ratio has significantly reduced the cost of the corresponding electrolyte.
We estimate that, under pessimistic price assumptions, the price of the electrolyte is expected to return to around 50,000 tons, taking into account raw materials, and that the net gain of the electrolyte is expected to remain around 10,000 yuan/ton.
Lifsi and new additive additions and self-supply increases will further contribute to the advantage of large electrolyte costs. Under this cycle below the F6 price, progress in the integrated layout of the company cannot be ignored. In 2023-2024, with new production, the company's upstream base chemical materials, additives, new lithium salt layouts will go up one step and the mainstream raw materials will be supplied.
Over 80 per cent; where industry is oversupplying, companies still have a stronger pricing power and, step by step, if the owner starts a price war, if second-line electrolyte producers do not make a profit, the company will still be able to maintain a single ton of electrolytic fluids at around $10,000 per ton; and new industry technologies, new products are accelerating, with new lithium salt and new additives increasing in proportion.
3.lifsi and new additive layouts lead, and technological advances contribute to a new increase in profits 3.1.lfsi: Performance advantages are evident, and will become the second growth pole for electrolyte producers in the future.
3.1.1. Liffi penetration rates are rapidly increasing, and in the future it will become the dominant lithium salt The new lithium salt, difluoroalkylamide, is the way forward: in terms of performance, the overall performance of lifsi is significantly superior to that of Lipf6, whose applications in the field of high temperature, high voltage power, are easily decomposed at high temperatures and sensitive to water
Limited, and lifsi has made up for Lipf6 in terms of conductivity, stability, and hypothermia, while lifsi has an advantage in single-body energy density and is expected to drive the industrialisation of lifsi to accelerate. Lifsi’s potential needs are wide, barriers high, and bargaining power is high: lifsi was first born in 2012, and Japan’s Shifsi announced progress.
Lifsi’s industrial production, but due to high technical barriers and high production costs, it is now selling about 250,000 tons. At present, Japan’s lg, Samsung, Matsuki, etc., mixes lifsi with lithium hexafluorate for high-end applications. In recent years, as the country’s industry has advanced its application studies, lifsi has become a more popular new form of lithium salt, with multiple manufacturers opening it up.
Lifsi is produced in the initial layout and is used as an auxiliary lithium salt, in combination with Lipff6. Figure 35: Lifsi compares to Lithium hexafluoride performance advantages. New lithium salt lifsi production has process barriers and requires high purity control and precision of equipment. Lifsi is used as electricity.
Pool-grade products are highly pure, so purity control is the core barrier. The reaction intermediates are sensitive to temperature, and the accuracy and stability of the integrated lifsi device is high. The synthesis rate of the key intermediate sulfonylamide (hcisi) during the synthesis process is sensitive to the reaction temperature, and studies show that the response rate is at 120°C.
63.3%, 76.6% at 125°C, and 130°C, the product is no longer available. 3.1.2.l.lfsi has a significant advantage, the distribution of the gifted materials is ahead of the table, the manufacturers are actively setting up lifsi, and the high technical barriers make it more productive for a few enterprises.
But only a few companies in the country, such as Companium Technology, the gifted materials, Young-ta Technology, and so on, are able to produce. Figure 37: Liffi extension and capacity.
High-tech barriers lead to higher costs for lifsi, which we expect to fall within 150,000 yuan/tonne in the future. Currently, low rates for lifsi result in higher costs, mainly for additive applications. According to high-tech lithium, the ratio of additions to head and battery companies ranged from 0.5 to 3%, and the mainstream formula for adding lifsi has been raised in some companies.
Three to six%. The large-scale application of lifsi requires lower sales prices, which is the inevitable trend. As the rate rises, we expect that the cost of not coming to lifsi is expected to fall to within 150,000 yuan per tonne.
Line depreciation is lower, good product rates are higher, and lifsi costs are significantly lower. In the future, lifsi is expected to evolve from a new small additive to a mainstream lithium salt, and the rate of addition is expected to increase further.
In the second half of this year, the company announced plans for 30,000 tons for the new Xinjiang base, for 18 months, for 20,000 tons for the South Tungji site in August 2021, for 24 months, and for 56,000 tons for the Lifsi gross productive capacity.
Company lifsi leads the pioneer industry, folds the integrated layout, and has a clear cost advantage. Lifsi is now expensive, and has a significant profitability elasticity to the company. The company is a liquid lifsi route, leads the first competitor, and raw materials, chlorsulfonate, can produce its own product, and the chlorsulfonate device in the sulphuric acid project uses corporate chlorinated hydrogen tail gas as a feedstock, with significant production costs.
Lower, in addition, by-product hydrochloric acid can be sold externally, hydrogen chloride can be processed into dichloropropanol, sulfuric acid can enter the cycle system, there is a clear advantage in the integrated layout, and the company's future costs are expected to fall to 150,000 yuan/tonne. With the new capacity in production, the company's sales in 2022 are expected to reach 0.810 million tons and in 2023.
Bright, lifsi output releases significant elasticity to corporate profits. 3.2. New additive layout accelerates, further deepens cost barriers, and future profit elastic spaces. Adders are one of the core of electrolytic fluid technology.
As the nickel content rises, the voltage rises, the positive nickel ion dissolves, accelerates the electrolyte decomposition, and destroys the negative polar sei membrane.
The main types of new additives include vc, lithium difluorophosphate, dtd, etc. The gift material increases the layout of the new project by adding tons of trifluoroacetic acid (methyl) esters, 1,000 tons of trifluoroacetic acids, 4,000 tons of sulphuryl fluoride.
In 2020, a 1,800-ton electrolyte additive device was mobilized to produce a further increase in the ratio of additives. In 2021, the Zhejiang Tiansevc project was completed, and Zhejiang Tianjiang Tianxing, a period of 20,000 tons of postpartum vc, will have a total capacity of 210,000 tons, which will be 840,000 tonnes in 2.5% of additions.
The current market price for vc is $150,000 per ton, with a significant cost advantage for self-supporting materials. The Tian Chi Son Division has a capacity of 1,000 tons for dtd, which is expected to be released in 2023 for 6,000 tons of new dtd production in the south, and the addition of new additives such as lithium difluorophosphate, lidfpop, etc., will gradually be released in 2022-2023, further reinforcing public capacity.
The Division ' s integrated competitiveness, with increased profits, can effectively hedge down the HFC price cycle. Figure 42: Main types and performances of new additives 3.2.1.dtd: membrane additives to effectively improve high-temperature cycles and recharge performance
dtd (sulphate ethylene ethylene ester) is a membrane additive for sei, with an average addition of about 1%. Its effect is to inhibit the initial capacity of batteries, their expansion after reducing high temperature placement, increasing battery discharge performance and frequency.
The Department has increased its production expansion, with a package of 6,000 tonnes/yearly capacity, which will be completed in 2023; Ishi Dae-hwa has planned 400 tonnes and 2,000 tonnes of dtd capacity in two phases of the additive extension project, in addition to the dtd capacity planning in the State of New Zeus and the Department of Public Studies I.
The company ' s production of 0.6 million tons has continued, not from a gradual increase in the supply ratio. The company has planned 0.6 million tons of capacity in Nanton, and is now the first to produce 0.2 million tons of capacity, using about 60 per cent of the capacity of the production uphill, taking into account 1 per cent of the electrolyte add-up rate, corresponding to about 10,000 tons per month of electrolyte supply capacity, which is now around 70 per cent of the supply.
By the end of 2022, dtd had a capacity of around 0.3 million tonnes, in addition to the fact that in the production planning of 0.3 million tonnes, it was not derived from the diaphragm additives for the ratio 3.2.2.vc and fec:sei, which increased the life of the battery cyclic esters, including ethylene fluorocarbonate (fec) and ethylene carbonate (vc), etc.,
The vinyl vinyl vinyl chloride (fec) is better able to form sei membrane, forming a strong structural layer without increasing resistance, and is effective in preventing further breakdown of the electrolyte and increasing the cryogenic properties of the electrolyte.
Type-organic film-forming additives and overcharged protective additives can increase the battery ' s capacity and life cycle. Figure 47: Fec chemical structure model Figure 48: vc chemical structure formula
In 2021, the demand for lithium phosphate rose rapidly, and the price of vc rose rapidly. The price of vc fell to around $150,000 as new production became available. Because of the high rate of Vc additions in the lithium phosphate batteries, the general rate of additions was about 1.5 to 2.5 per cent, while the share of fec added to the triple dollar was around 1 to 1.5 per cent, 2021
The rapid increase in the demand for lithium batteries has led to a rapid increase in the supply of vc, with prices exceeding 500,000 yuan per tonne. The price of vc fell in 2022 with the release of additional capacity, and the current offer is around 150,000 yuan per tonne, returning to normal levels.
In the case of fec, a new 59,000-ton additive project was announced in April 2021 in New Zeus State, including 293,000 tons.
Vc. Fec production is expected to continue in 2023-2024, and does not come from a gradual increase in the share. Currently, the company is still largely outside, with the company Zhejiang Tianjin now having 1,000 tons of capacity, which could be converted to 5,000 tons in July.
Some capacity can be generated annually, rising from the supply ratio to about 20 per cent, and as the additional production capacity is released, the company will provide the self supply ratio of 3.2.3.difluorophosphate lithium and odfp: lower interface resistance and increase the stability of the discharge cycle lithium difluorophosphate (lipo2f2) is the more applied lithium salt electrolytic liquid additive. Lithium difluorophosphate has a high degree of resistance.
Electrochemical stability improves the conductivity of non-hydro-dissolved solutions and the introduction of difluorophosphate into the lithium secondary battery electrolyte. Lithium not only improves the low-temperature output properties of batteries, but also inhibits the decomposition of the positive surfaces that may occur during high-temperature cycles and prevents the oxidation of the electrolytic solution, thereby improving the output properties of high-temperature storage as well as the solubility properties.
Figure 53: Lithium Difluorophosphate Molecular Type Figure 54: Industrial Difluoro Emission Planning Figure 55: Company lithium Difluorophosphate Production Planning (tonnes)
Management has a unique vision, with a precise focus on the iron phosphate lithium positive and the iron phosphate pre-drive business. Industry, 2021, where the iron lithium recovered and demand increased: we measured global capacity of the phosphate lithium batteries in 2022-2023.
282/443gwh, an increase of 110/57% in the same year, corresponds to a sharp increase in demand of 77.12 million tons of iron and lithium, and a steady release of capacity, with horizontal integration constituting a cost advantage: the company has already built up 55,000 tons of pre-phosphate-drive capacity, is now fully operational, and we expect a steady monthly delivery of 3,500 tons/month.
Project, one phase, 100,000 tons, we're expected to start production in August 2022, with a total capacity of 200,000 tons in August 2022 and a construction cycle of nine months, and we're expected to start production by the end of 2022. The iron phosphate production capacity has been planned to reach 355,000 tons.
The cost of materials is about $500 per ton lower, and the advantages of horizontal integration are highlighted. Recovering operations have been further enhanced. 20,000 tons/year lithium phosphate batteries have been made available. Reclamation capacity, a 100,000-ton battery recovery project in Sichuan, and a company announcement in May 2022 to build a new Foding Base10.
In June 2022, the company announced the construction of a new Jiangmen base, 100,000 tons of lithium phosphate battery recovery project, with a total battery recovery planning capacity of 300,000 tons. The company planned to form a high lithium recovery capacity of 27,200 tons per year for pure carbonate and 1.76 million tons per year for battery-grade phosphate iron recovery at the Xijiang base, forming a positive business chain cycle.
The company's iron phosphate business has increased its profits: we measured 40,000 tons of iron phosphate in 2021, and we've made a profit. We measured a single ton of profits of about 2,000 yuan per ton, and in 2022 q1 tons of about 0.9 million tons, started and benefited from phosphate. The company's iron phosphate product of 8.27 million tons, contributing a net profit of 4.8/850 million yuan.
The company’s phosphate business is expected to grow steadily in the future, and the Māori rate is stable at around 20-30%, and one step forward will help the company counter the cyclical impact of the electrolyte business.
The Māori rate is 37 per cent-30 per cent per 32 per cent, respectively. Sub-operations: Electrolysis fluids: The market share of new production and release of energy is expected to increase further with the company ' s six-fluor, lifsi, and the addition of the company ' s electrolyte fluids, and positive material rapid release, we anticipate 1) price competition risks. The market for new energy vehicles has been growing rapidly since 18 years and the market has become more competitive.
As one of the core components of a new energy vehicle, attracting a large number of investors to compete in the market through industrial transformation, acquisitions, mergers, and so on, large-scale manufacturers are able to expand rapidly, markets are very competitive, average prices are falling year by year, reducing the risk of price increases for raw materials. The cost of raw materials is higher than the overall cost, and prices of raw materials are subject to sharp fluctuations.
This affects the level of Maori in each section. 4) The risk of an epidemic. The epidemic affects the instability of demand abroad.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board