Researchchand developmentcenter
27 May 2022, the integrated layout continued to deepen and the long line passed through the cycle.
China’s electrolyte market leads the industry for more than 15 years. The company’s main business of lithium ion battery materials, solar ion fuel materials (002709) and special chemicals are two major business plates, and the company is a domestic electrolytic tap.
Catl and atl supply chains, certified by international clients such as aec, nothvolt, dyson, sdi, BMW, Matsumoto, lig, Murata, Tesla.
The demand for new-energy vehicles has increased dramatically. Governments strategically deploy new energy vehicles, develop policies, and plan the penetration of new-energy vehicles to varying degrees.
The growth of new energy vehicles drives the demand for power cells and the demand for raw materials for electrolyte. China ' s power cell output increased at a combined rate of 1357,000 tons in 2021-2025, at an annual rate of about 31.2 per cent.
The market is expected to reach 48.970 billion yuan, at a combined annual rate of about 18.1 per cent. The global total of electrolysis fluids is 50.8 per cent, 53.5 per cent, 50.0 per cent and 1.15 million tons of electrolyte projects, far above the scale of industrial expansion.
The recent increase and decline (%) in January has been driven up by an integrated layout that builds cost advantages. There is a supply gap for lithium hexafluorate, the core raw material of the electrolyte, which makes it difficult to increase producers’ output significantly in the short term, and capture of HFC-based production a key advantage for the enterprise.
Proportion of share in circulationa (%) Prior-day gift material with a liquid 6f solid output capacity of 320,000 tonnes and new 90,000 tonnes liquid lithium hexafluorate modification Division through refinement of industrial chain I for “sulfuric acid-hydrofluoric acid-lithium fluoride/phosphorus pentafluoride-Lithium hexafluoride” (Lithium hexafluoride)
Physicalization, overall upgrading of the self-production rate of raw materials, and continuous enhancement of the company’s core competitiveness and cost advantages. Profit forecasting and valuation: the company is an electrolytic tap, and we expect that the company’s real risk factors for the period 2022-2024 will be: the need for new energy vehicles will fall short of expected risks; the risk of changes in lithium battery technology;
Super-expected risk of price fluctuations in materials; environmental protection and safe production risks, etc.
The market considers the company to be in a cycle business, and we believe that the company continues to refine the core electrolytic fluids such as sulfuric acid-hydrofluoric acid-lithium fluorofluoride/difluorophosphorus pentafluoride Lithium- electrolyte industrial chain, autonomously developing liquid lithium hexafluoride, lifsi, vc, lithium difluorophosphate, etc.
Material, following the delivery of the 200,000 tonnes of lithium electric materials per year project, the core raw material, lithium hexafluorate, can be largely self-supplied. Integration can further enhance the company’s low-cost expansion capacity, improve the quality of assets, and help it withstand the adverse effects of cyclical factors.
1.1 In the field of solarization, organic silicon, and electrolytic fluids, the leading Chinese electrolyte business is the high-level industry. President Seo-jin was involved in the creation of Doming chemistry, then started with solarized raw materials, relying on early lithium ion batteries based on a sharp market sense of smell.
Since its inception, the company has been working on the development, production and marketing of new chemical materials, and now owns two major business plates: Lithium ion cell materials, solar materials, and special chemicals.
Autonomous intellectual property rights, core technology, and autonomous brands. From its inception, the company began to work in the area of personal care materials, and then began to work in the area of organic silicon rubber materials. In 2005, the market for lithium ion cell electrolysis was introduced, based on the company ' s solar materials technology. In 2011, the company achieved the self-repair of lithium hexafluorate, and in 2015 acquired the competitor Dong Qai.
In 2016, the company’s battery materials were sold in high innovation, with the world’s top goal, and successfully expanded to include customers such as Everest and Pearl Hae-woo-woo. In 2020, the company succeeded in aec, nonthvolt, dyson, etc.
In 2020, the company signed an agreement with Tesla for the supply of lithium ion batteries and an electrolyte solution. In 2021, the company signed an agreement for the supply of electrolyte products with Ningde and lig, respectively. The company’s equity structure is stable and concentrated.
In 2009, the company entered into a strategic alliance with the Huan to the group, and as of the first quarter of 2022, the share of the company in the gift material was 1.76%. The company’s executives were employed in Doming Chemistry (now the blue moon), Zhejiang Monument, Central petrochemicalism, and the Chinese Academy of Science and Technology, covering solarization, electricity, etc.
As of 2021, the company’s undergraduate and high-tech enterprises, including the National Ministry of Science and Technology, have undertaken science, technology and innovation projects for small and medium-sized enterprises and priority technological upgrading projects.
The research and industrial applications of lithium-ion cell function electrolysis were awarded the Guangdong Province First Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress, and the lithium-ion battery super-filled safe functional electrolyte project was incorporated into the national torch programme. Research and development investment by companies has been increasing year after year to strengthen competitiveness.
By the first quarter of 2021, companies and holding companies had a total of 261 patents, 65 per cent of which related to lithium electricity. In 2021, companies invested $378 million in R & D, while R & D accounted for 3.4 per cent of the revenue, while R & D expenditure increased at the same rate and the company ' s performance in 2021 was higher. In 2021, companies achieved operating revenues of $11,091 million, an increase of the same amount.
169.26 per cent; net profit from mother-to-child return of 2.208 billion yuan, an increase of 314.42 per cent, and higher performance innovation. 1) Solarized operations have continued to expand brand brand brands throughout the year, with multiple raw materials entering their supply chain. 2) Lithium ion battery materials have been collected 9,733 million yuan throughout the year, an increase of 26,592 per cent compared to a total of 14,44,000 tons of electrolyte delivered throughout the year, an increase of 97.3 per cent compared to a market share.
With the completion in 2021 of the Zhejiang Tiansuvc project and the Xijiang Tian-Gian Tian-Gibang Lithium Power Materials project, the supply capacity of raw materials such as lithium hexafluorate, vc, etc., continued on a step-by-step basis. The company signed an agreement with the Ningde era, lig for the supply of electrolyte products, locking in the customer's long-term orders.
Downstream demand is strong, the market for electrolyte fluids is wide-scale, 2.1 global carbon-neutral, and new energy automobile space is wide. Governments have a large strategic deployment of the new energy automobile industry in their sectors, and the industry is promising. Norway’s policy is the most aggressive, and it is expected that it will be.
Full zero emissions by 2025; new energy vehicles in the European Union are moving faster, with 67% expected to be sold in the European market in 2035. China has accelerated planning for new energy car sales, which are planned to be sold by 2025/30/35. The competitiveness of domestic brands has continued to improve, with 3.52 million new domestic energy vehicles (pure electric plus plug-in) sold in 2021, an increase of the same amount.
157% longer. Since 2022, with countries accelerating the penetration rate of new energy vehicles in the context of the Paris agreement carbon reduction and the global acceleration of the process of electricization of the entire plant, the supply end is becoming richer, and we expect that by 2025 the global volume of new energy vehicles will be as high as 1996 and 3.65 million in 2030.
To benefit from the growth in the sale of new energy vehicles, we expect global power cell demand to reach the twh level in 2025 and 679 and 1241gwh, respectively, in 2030. 2.2 Power cell demand is strong and the electrolytic fluid industry is up.
New-energy vehicle sales drive the demand for power cells to surge. The market for new-energy cars in China will continue to grow at a rapid rate, driven by carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and double-components. We expect a 40% compound increase in global power cell output in 2021-2025, close to 2025.
The main materials of the lithium ion batteries are positive materials, negative materials, electrolytes, and diaphragms, of which the electrolyte accounts for about 10% of the cost of lithium ion batteries. The vtank estimates that by 2025 the total volume of our electrolytic fluids could reach 1357,000 tons, with an annual compound rate of growth of about 31.2%, and the total city of our electrolytic fluids.
The field size will reach 48.970 billion yuan, with an annual compound rate of about 18.1%, and the total global output of the electrolytic fluids will rise to 2021 and remain at a relatively high price. The electrolyte is typically made of raw materials such as highly pure organic solvents, electrolytic lithium salt, necessary additives, energy density for lithium batteries, life cycle, safety performance.
The electrolyte industry chain is going through three cycles after 2015. 1) The upward cycle 2016-2017, with the gradual stimulus of the State subsidy policy, has been driven by the new energy vehicle market, which has grown from 331,000 vehicles in 2015 to 507,000 vehicles in 2016, and 777,000 in 2017, with a composite increase of 53%.
New energy vehicle sales increased almost exponentially, from 136,7 million in 2020 to 3,521,000 in 2021, while the introduction of a new energy vehicle subsidy policy in Europe stimulated an increase in the sale of new energy vehicles, giving rise to a near-high-event atmosphere in the country’s representative industrial chain. At the supply end, the high-risk chemicals formulation industry has fallen since 2017q3 as environmental regulations deepened.
Post-production energy phase-out, especially the supply of lithium hexafluoride, was less flexible. The price of lithium hexafluorate was significantly higher under imbalanced supply and demand. Between August 2020 and the end of 2021, the price of the tri-cylinder cell electrolyte increased by 268.2% and the price of lithium phosphate by 267.5%, respectively.
iii. The electrolytic liquid tap business, which binds large clients to co-development, continues to have a strong position in the industry of 3.1, which accelerates the expansion of production feet. The company is the electrolyte tap. The market for the electrolytic fluid volume of the gifted material was 22.9 per cent in 2017-2019.
23.7% and 20.7% have been in the top three consecutive years. Companies have been expanding since 2020, rising their share of domestic production to 33% in 2021. In terms of market patterns, the market for the top three firms in the country in 2017-2020 has been higher than the base — Tianxian material — New Zeus State Tyvarong Eastwood Biadi and others.
The company’s competitors in the lithium ion cell material industry are mainly the New Zeus.
Bong, Taihua-Wung, Dong-gi and Tianjin Gold Cows, among others. 1.15 million tons of tungsten materials were being built in 2022-2024, far faster than the expansion rate. The competition plan is as follows:
The Ningde era, a global flagship power cell company, has maintained its pre-occupancy status for many years. According to Sneresearch, the company ' s power cell usage in 2017-2021 was the world ' s first in five consecutive years, with 32.6 per cent in 2021 and 91.2 per cent in 2021, the world ' s top 10 power cell companies.
After 2020, the Ninder era became a major corporate customer, accounting for 50.47% of the company ' s supply in 2021. According to the Ninder Times annual report, its sales of lithium ion batteries in 2021 were 133.41gwh.
The 1gwh power cell needs about 1,100 tons of electrolyte, and we expect about 150,000 tons of electrolyte to be needed. Given the 144,000 tons of electrolyte delivered in 2021 and about half of the Ningde supply, the proportion of demand for electrolyte in the Ningde era is estimated at 48 percent.
• Clients I — Clients II — Clients IV — Clients V — Clients — (catl) Clients II — Clients III — Clients V — Clients V.
With total output expanding to 670 ghw, we expect to match the demand for the electrolyte with 740,000 tons, taking into account the share of the gifted materials in the supply chain of the Ninder era, which is several times larger than the amount of 144,000 tons delivered in 21 years. The company’s overseas market is expanding.
The company and Tesla have agreed that by the end of 2023, in the second half of 2021, the new energy source will provide Xijiang with an estimated 55,000 tons of electrolyte to accompany the company’s entry into the international giant supply chain, and that the market share will be four, one and the other, and it is expected to cross the cycle.
4.1 The cost advantage is significant, with lithium hexafluorate producing sufficient capacity as one of the core raw materials of the electrolyte. The electrolyte raw materials consist of electrolytes, solvents, additives, hexafluoride lithium is the best performing and most used electrolyte, with a ratio of lithium hexafluorate to solvent use of 1:7, with a cost ratio.
At 40-70% of the electrolyte. The level of technological development, production supply, price levels, etc. of lithium hexafluoride has largely influenced the scale of development and profitability of the lithium ion battery industry.
The price of lithium phosphate rose sharply to 400,000 yuan per ton, the high profits in the industry attracted many new competitors, while the former industry saw a significant expansion of production by leading firms, new capacity was released after 2017, and oversupply in the domestic and foreign markets began to fall, and the price of lithium hexafluorate fell to the bottom of the valley. (2) In the second half of 2020, new energy sources were released.
The doubling of vehicle sales and the surge in lithium battery demand led to a return to higher prices of lithium hexafluoride, which, according to the  database, produced only 678 million tons of lithium hexafluoride worldwide in 2021, with an effective capacity of 821,000 tons and an overall capacity utilization rate of 82.6 per cent of Lipf6 production in 2021, taking into account the conversion of production and inventory requirements, market supply
There was a gap, with prices rising all the way up, reaching a high price of 590,000 yuan/t in February 2022. Lithium hexafluoride prices have declined since 2022. Prices have declined for two main reasons: 1) the market price of lithium carbonate from raw materials has slowed down and pressure on the end of the raw material has been reduced. 2) There were additional lithium hexafluoride products in Multifluordo and Intetratech at the beginning of 2022.
As of April 29, 2022, the market supply pressure was reduced to a certain extent. The main market price for lithium hexafluoride was 385,000 yuan per tonne. In terms of the capacity of major firms, 1) polyfluoride currently produces 20,000 tons of lithium hexafluoride, and the company expects that by the end of 2022 all 35,000 tons of new capacity will be put into production, with a total capacity of 55,000 tons.
ii) Tianchi material currently has the capacity to sequester 32,000 tonnes of lithium hexafluoride and an additional 90,000 tonnes of liquid UF6 technology conversion project is under construction, with the company expected to complete construction and start production in 22 years, and Xijiang has a further 200,000 tonnes of lithium hexafluorate for a 24-month construction period. iii) The interstellar shares of lithium hexafluorate are designed to produce 8160 tonnes and are in the process of producing 10,000 tonnes, plus planning
The introduction of 30,000 tons of capacity and the projected future capacity of the company, lithium hexafluoride, is estimated to be about 48,000 tons. 4.2 layouts of new lithium salt, leading the construction industry, applications of new lithium salt are significant for industrial development.
Libob and Lipo2f2, among others, have a wide range of low-cost, process-developed lithium hexafluoride applications, but they have heat stability, low hydrolysis disadvantages. Future battery development requires a wider working temperature and higher work voltage, which poses a challenge to the existing lithium hexafluoride, and is therefore significant for the development and application of new lithium salt products to meet future scenario needs.
The process of industrialization is expected to accelerate with excellent performance. Bifluorosulfonamide is a new type of lithium salt with good thermal stability and high conductivity, but its commercialization has been slower in the past due to technological immature and higher costs. In recent years, the technical problems of trifluorosulfonamide have broken out and the costs have been falling down.
In the first half of 2021, the price of the product was about 350,000 yuan per ton, and the current price of lithium hexafluoride, more than 500,000 yuan per ton, was reversed, and the cost was still falling as it was scaled up and technologically improved in the future. Technically, head manufacturers, including gifted materials, multifluoride, and so on, were gradually starting large-scale production, suggesting that technological maturity was continuing.
The company’s forward-looking layout actively builds lifsi’s capacity. The company currently produces 6,300 tons of lifsi, with an additional 30,000 tons of lifsi building capacity with 60,000 tons of fsi’s capacity, and the expansion is at the forefront of the industry.
4.3 Vertical integration, with significant cost advantages, creates two main advantages of vertical and horizontal business in the industrial chain, based on endogenous construction and expansive investment, and achieves a higher level of profitability. In endogenous construction, companies produce their own core raw materials (mainstream lithium salt, additives, new lithium salt, etc.)
(b) In the area of outward and long-term investment, companies are able to consolidate and expand their position and influence in the industry through mergers and acquisitions of companies with technological advantages, participation in suppliers of core raw materials upstream, construction of downstream material recycling industries, horizontal co-production chains and other material providers.
The company has developed an integrated layout strategy based on electrolyte raw materials, through the autonomous development of core electrolytic raw materials, such as lithium hexafluoride, lifsi, vc, lithium difluorophosphorate, and additives. In a public launch project in 2020, the company has once again integrated the industrial chain of “sulphuric acid-hydrofluoric acid-difluorinated lithium/penfluorinated phosphorus-dithiophosphate” by refining the industry chain.
In terms of investment and manufacturing, there is a clear cost advantage in the ratio of liquid lithium hexafluoride to solid lithium hexafluoride. In the case of corporate projects, the investment in liquid lithium hexafluorate after solidization is only about three-thirds of the single-ton investment in solid lithium hexafluorate.
I. In the production process, liquid lithium hexafluorate reduces the costs of processes such as crystallization and also has a manufacturing cost advantage. While the solid lithium hexafluorphosphate can be better adapted to any electrolytic formulation, liquid lithium hexafluorate is required to match the electrolyte formulation, but the gifted material is a company with multi-year technological accumulation of electrolytic fluids, and the liquid lithium hexafluorate is a cost from the supply company.
As the company further refines the layout of the raw materials upstream of lithium hexafluoride, the company will further upgrade the HFC cost control by 4.4 industrial chain cycles to increase overall economic efficiency and profitability. The company builds a conglomerates of lithium ion cell material products with a revolving economy and synergistic effects. The company will build sulphuric acid in 2020.
Projects, integrated with electrolytic base materials and new lithium electrolytic and lithium electrolytic materials constructed at the Kojiang production base, provide energy supplies for sulphate raw materials and related production for both projects, support the system material and energy cycle, and help to save costs and increase profitability.
4.5 The demand for lithium phosphate downstream has increased, and the company’s positive material business is expected to make a positive contribution. Lithium carbonate batteries show a good trend. According to China’s Automotive Battery Industry Innovation Alliance, our production of lithium phosphate in 2021 amounted to 94.2gwhh, an increase of 173.2 per cent in the same year.
15.6gwh, 188.9% more than in the previous year, 39.8% more demand for lithium carbonate-powered batteries and a recovery in penetration rates. In 2020, as subsidies retreated from the slopes, the price ratio of lithium phosphate became apparent, and the use of 5g base station storage, electric ships, electric tools, two-wheel bicycles, etc.
The demand for lithium phosphate has risen and the price of lithium carbonate has increased since 2020q3. The market-based model of lithium carbonate, including the standard versions of Biadi “Han” and Teslamodel3, has been introduced. The load of lithium phosphate in 2021 has been on the upward trend and is gradually approaching the triple load; the ratio of lithium carbonate in the first quarter of 2022 has reached 58 per cent.
Lithium phosphate batteries were exported at a combined annual rate of 45 per cent and 34 per cent for 2021 and at a combined rate of 472 and 1306gwh for 2021, at a combined annual rate of 44 per cent and 32 per cent for 2021. The global demand for positive phosphate lithium materials was 1.81 million tons and 5.77 million tons for 1.13 million tons and 3.14 million tons, respectively.
It is an important pre-drill for the preparation of lithium phosphate, whose expansion requires higher environmental requirements and longer cycles, and which is driven by downstream demand and is expected to grow rapidly in the future, and we expect global demand for iron pre-animation phosphate materials to be 1.74 million tons and 5.54 million tons in 2025 and 2030, respectively, within the country.
The company actively expands the production capacity of iron phosphate and lithium phosphate materials. In 2017, the company merged and began the production and sale of positive materials. Corporate governance and technological innovation led to the technological maturity of the process accumulated in the previous period, with a net profit of approximately $100 million from the iron pre-drive.
Tons of iron phosphate project, with 100,000 tonnes in one phase to be put into production in 2022q3, 200,000 tonnes in two phases to be considered for adoption for a nine-month construction cycle, and with 20,000 tonnes/year of lithium phosphate battery processing capacity, the company works as an electrolytic liquid tap, with significant customer advantage and has a cost advantage through integrated layout.
New energy vehicle requirements are not as high as expected; the risk of changes in lithium battery technology; the risk of over-anticipated fluctuations in raw material prices; and the components are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in the present report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.