15/06/2022 Electrolytic fluid + phosphorus: Integrated cycle construction cost barriers
Electrolytic fluids: (a) 6f cost advantages: (1) ... solid sulphuric acids and hydrofluoride tailings cycles. (2). Liquid lithium hexafluoric acid technical advantages, unit investment close to 1/10 per cent of the solid investment, and cost of single ton materials saves approximately 0.41 million yuan. (3).6f self-supply effects are clear, with total electrolyte fluids when the supply ratio is 100 per cent.
The cost can be reduced by 0.56 million yuan/tonne and the cost of 6f per cent can be reduced to 58 per cent. (b) Full coverage of the additive system, resulting in brick wattage in the system. phosphorus: 6f by-product sulphuric acid can be used as a raw material for the production of phosphorus and form an integrated cycle system.
Used battery cycle: Increasing the self-production rate of lithium carbonate and metal salt through participation in mature stock recycling enterprises and the establishment of a subsidiary multi-dimensional layout.
Lifsi's new lithium salt produces growth. Lifsi has more conductivity, thermal stability and chemical stability than Lipf6 and benefits from a three-dimensional trend of high nickel, with wide space. In terms of process, the company lifsi has a cost advantage, with material costs of $104,000 per ton, which is 447,000 per ton lower than the comparable company;
Research assistant: Lee Kingbo’s global leader in forward-planning production progress is more than 100,000 tons, accounting for 49% of global planning capacity. Industry cycle attributes are clear, and global output is expanding faster. (1) Industry attributes: light assets + cyclical.
The price of \triangleright is clearly influenced by the price of lithium hexafluorate from upstream raw materials in relation to market supply and demand, and the core of competition lies in the ability to control the cost of upstream raw materials. (2) Demand: lfp drives higher demand for electrolyte. lfp electrolyte demand
With a volume higher than three dollars and an increase in the share of lfp batteries benefiting, it is assumed that the ratio of lfp batteries to triple batteries will be 6,4, 2025 with a potential demand for power cell electrolytes of 1.67 million tons and a four-year capr of more than 42 per cent. (3) Lithium hexafluoride price: the price of lithium carbonate is highly volatile and, according to price sensitivity analysis, as lithium carbonate is priced.
Lithium hexafluoride costs are reduced by $1.25 million/t for each $50,000 reduction, and the lithium power supply platform continues to expand and integration strategy is firm. The company is the global leader in the electrolyte field, \triangleright.
The product covers lithium ion cell materials, solarized materials and special chemicals, with the largest contribution of lithium ion cell materials, with a collection rate of 88 per cent in 21 years. Since 17 years, the global electrolytic market of the Union has been the same for five consecutive years, with a 20 per cent urban share remaining at 20 per cent +. For 21 years, the net profits from corporate collections and returns have been $11.1 billion, respectively.
\triangleright 1. The 2021 Annual Report Review (002709.sz): The barriers are deep and the new lithium salt lifsi is expected to bring in additional quantities, and we maintain the `recommended' rating.
Performance meets expectations and the long line of integrated layouts deepens 2. Quality material (002709); q3 performance loops increase significantly and equity allows market demand to fall short of expected risks.
Incentives to show growth confidence 3.ev Watch Series 117: Enlighten the Red Day, May.
New power sales are warming up, new energy is blowing back into policy.
The core logic is that the electrolyte industry has a more visible 6f price cycle, and the market is generally concerned about expanding with 6f within the industry.
Production, electrolyte prices will continue to fall and the profitability of companies will be affected, but we believe that companies have the ability to break through cyclical chains: 1. Integrated cycles construct cost barriers, long lock-in price smooth cycles:
Electrolytic fluids: Multilayered precipitations, a) liquid hexafluoride in layout, with a strong process advantage compared to solid salt; b) 6f self-supply; c) recycling of sulphuric acids and hydrofluoride, with effective savings in waste treatment costs and raw material costs; d) new additives such as vc/dtd/difluoro in overall layouts.
Iron phosphate: The raw material sulfate used in the process comes from the by-products of the line of hexafluoride, forming a large chemical cycle with the electrolytic liquid system, further reducing costs. Waste battery cycle: participation in shares and establishment of a subsidiary multi-dimensional layout with access to lithium carbonate from recycling
Electrolytic fluid circulation systems that increase the self-sufficiency of upstream raw materials. Long single locks: companies and core customers like Ningde, Tesla, and lig new energy sources use long single locks 2. Lead layout lifsi to build a second growth engine:
Lifsi High Space: More conductivity and stability than the traditional lithium salt lithium hexafluorate, more appropriate three-dimensional system with high nickel, more space for future replacements. Corporate advantage: mastering core processes at lower cost than the industry, with a global leader in production, is expected to be public.
The Division's performance started the second acceleration. 1 lithium electric material platform continued to expand, and the integration strategy remained firm.
The company was established in 2000 as the world's largest supplier of electrolytic fluids, with the first major personal protective materials. In 2005, the company went into lithium ion electrolysis, and in 2007, it changed its whole system and created the new materials company, which was in its depth in 2014.
Since 2017, the world’s largest electrolyte producer has increased its leadership patterns. The main products ahead are lithium ion cell materials, solar materials and special chemicals.
In the early days of the company’s existence, it was mainly engaged in personal protective materials, such as silicon oils, surfactants, etc. In 2009, the technology breakthrough in Kampo materials provided strong support for the company in the solar product business.
In 2018, liquid Lipf6 was produced in cooperation with central Japanese nitros. In 2019, lifsi was officially launched, and the company moved to a new lithium salt industry.
1.2 Equity concentration, high-level industry experience, founder Xu Jin-fu, direct shareholder 37.94%, real owner of the company, with a much higher share share than other shareholders, a more centralized equity structure that ensures stability within the company and benefits its long-term development. At the same time, the company is growing.
The development of new fluorosilicon materials for technological advancement of the company's battery materials has been supported by the development of research and development capabilities led by the Chinese Academy of Sciences' “100 People's Plan” and by new silicon materials.
On December 15, the company released a stock options and restricted stock incentives scheme, which is intended to be awarded to 87 individuals for the first time, for a total of 24.315.
Ten thousand stock options granted to 551 persons for a total of 457,36.5 million restricted shares, with a limited set-aside share, have also highlighted the medium- and long-term development of confidence in the company.
The management team has extensive experience and professional scientific background. The company’s core team consists of long-term members working in chemical engineering, materials research, and corporate management experience. Xu Jinfu, Chairman of the Board, is a Master’s degree in chemistry from the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Director of the Centre for the Development of New Materials in Salt City, Shanghai Organic Institute, Shanghai; Director, H.E. Han Heung, graduated from the University of Jiangnan in applied sciences and was accredited with the Pmp (International Project Manager).
1.3 Financial analysis: The acceleration of performance, the steady increase in the share of electrolyte fluids, in terms of the scale of the company's revenues, continued to grow, with high profit growth in 2021. The company's 2017 implementation led to stagnant growth in the new energy car market, a marked decline in net profits, and the highest net return in almost five years.
From the second half of 2020, the demand for power batteries rose in an outbreak, and the company’s business of lithium-ion cell materials grew at a much faster rate, with operating income rising by 169.26 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Revenues amounted to $11,091 million and net profits from the company’s parent amounted to $2,208 million. q1 companies opened in 2022.
In 2021, the price of lithium ion cell materials rose rapidly, and the turnover of lithium ion cell materials rose significantly, at 87.76%. The rate of consumption of solar materials and special chemicals slowed down with the tightening of regulation and demand in the beauty care sector, decreasing from year to year in 2021.
In 2017, it fell from 31.08% to 9.94%. Companies are active in international markets, companies are active in international customer certification and cooperation, and overseas factories have been set up, Korean laboratories have been set up, Czech gifts have been made, United States gifts have been made, Germany has been given gifts. As of 2021, companies have obtained spot purchases of tsl with aesc, dyson,
Sdi, bmw,northvolt, panasonic, etc. have all entered into close cooperation. In the last five years, net interest rates have recovered in terms of profitability abroad, and the profitability of the electrolyte business has increased significantly. Over the last five years, corporate gross interest rates and net interest rates have generally shown an upward trend.
The cost of operating lithium ion battery materials increased by 27.47% over the year, and the company ' s Māori rate fell to 1.05%. The 2020-2022 q1 outbreak was contained, the demand for new downstream energy vehicles was strong, the net interest rate rose steadily to 36.4%, and the annual supply of and demand for electrolyte fluids increased significantly. The 2021 epidemic continued with solar materials and special chemicals.
As a result, the growth of traditional channels in the domestic solar sector has slowed; the cost of export operations has increased as a result of global supply chain issues such as port congestion and delays in shipping, which have reduced the value of corporate day-to-day operations to 33.68%. With respect to cost rates, cost-control capacity has increased and research and development investment has increased.
The increase in the size of the collection and the overall downward trend in sales costs, management costs and financial costs, with the most significant reduction in management costs, from 10.71 per cent in 2017 to 3.20 per cent, reflects the expansion of companies to expand their electrolytic development of sodium ion batteries, 4680 cylinder batteries, 5v nickel manganese, lithium manganese, etc.
Research and development inputs for fast-loading projects have helped to improve the competitiveness of the company ' s core products.2 Industry has cyclical attributes that accelerate the expansion of production capacity through demand-supply imbalances and supply-demand imbalances. 2.1 Introduction to the electrolyte concept
2.1.1 Composition and principles of the electrolyte. Lithium cell "blood." The electrolyte is one of the four key materials manufactured in lithium cells, accounting for about 15 per cent of the cost of lithium batteries. It acts as a medium for ion transfer between the positive and negative poles of lithium cells and for charge transfer.
The electrolyte is mainly made of raw materials, such as electrolytic lithium salt, high purity organic solvents and necessary additives, which are formulated on a given scale. The electrolyte plays a role in the battery's relative capacity, working temperature range, life cycle, safety performance, etc.
The electrolyte can affect the relative capacity of the electrodes by influencing the inverse capacity of the electrode material, which in turn can affect the relative capacity of the lithium cell; the liquid range of the electrolyte in the electrolyte, the low temperature conductivity and the thermal stability determine the working temperature range of the lithium cell; the electrolyte is associated with corrosive properties of the central fluid, leading to the ageing of the electrode material, which determines the life cycle of the lithium cell;
The organic solvent of the electrolyte is prone to spontaneous combustion at high temperatures, affecting the safety of lithium cells.Figure 12: The rationale of the electrolytic fluids affecting the performance of lithium cells is that lithium salt costs are the highest in the electrolytic composition. The 50% of the solvents by cost are 30%.
The cost of lithium salt is the highest of the total electrolyte costs, which are controlled by the electrolyte, the solution is diverse and the solvent is the highest. The table below is a solution with lithium hexafluorate as the electrolyte formulation in which six organic solvents, including ethyl carbonate, account for about 70 per cent of the total quality of raw materials;
A total of four types of additives, including ethylene carbonate, accounted for about 17 per cent of the total mass of raw materials; the electrolyte hexafluorophosphate lithium accounted for about 13 per cent of the total mass of raw materials.
Solvents are the main components of the electrolyte. The melting point and the vapour pressure size of the solvent influence the working temperature range of the electrolyte, while the frequency constant and the size of the viscosity influence the conductivity of the electrolyte. Solvents, as in the case of the solution, are combined with low viscosity solvents. Organic solvents are currently commonly used as carbonate, the main source of which is carbonate.
Five types of ethylene carbonate (ec) diethylene carbonate (dec) dimethylacetate carbonate (dmc) methylacetate carbonate (emc), acetate carbonate (pc). In addition to the commonly used carbonate solvents, there are currently esters solvents, fluorine solvents, sorghum solvents, entropy solvents, etc.
The organic solvents commonly used on the market are mixture solvent materials of ec, dmc and emc. The larger emc viscosity (0.65) with lower melting points (-53°c), combined with dmc and dec properties, are the most common solvents applied in batteries;
ec is also common in applications because of its large medium constant and its participation in the formation of negative sei membrane, but because of its high viscosity (1.93), its high melting point (36.4°C), its constant temperature is solid and its low temperature performance is low, so that it needs to be combined with a low viscosity, low melting point solvent;
pc is an organic solvent that is less applied and is mainly used in the production process to prepare dmc. 2.1.3 Adders: small quantities, large effects Adders are not used in lithium cell electrolytes, but are one of the core techniques for electrolyte production.
A significant increase in the performance of the electrolyte is achieved by screening and matching with a small amount of additives. Usually, additives account for 3-5% of the total electrolytic fluid mass, but 25% of the total electrolyte cost has an important impact on the cost and price of the electrolyte. By function, additives can be divided into membrane additives, high voltage protection additives, leachate additives, etc.
Common electrolytic liquid additives include ethylene vinyl carbonate (vc) fluorocarbonate (fec)1,3-propane sulfonic acid (1.3-ps), etc. The ethylene carbonate (vc) is the core additive in the lithium cell electrolyte that allows electrochemical reactions to form a solid electrolyte interface in the initial discharge of lithium batteries on the negative polar surface.
The membrane (sei membrane). Fec additives are core additives developed for high-rate electrolytic fluid orientation in power cells that enhance the stability of electrode material.
The internal transmission of the ion, and the ability of lithium salt to form a protective layer on the surface of the electrode material, has an important effect on the capacity, circulation, power density, energy density, etc. of lithium cells. Lithium salt is selected taking into account chemical stability, conductivity, safety, cost, etc.
Lithium salt is classified according to chemical properties as inorganic lithium salt and organic lithium salt. Inorganic lithium salt is generally cheap, stable, and resistant to high power levels, while organic lithium salt is more expensive, more heat stable, and less hydrolytic. Inorganic salt Lipf6 is the most industrialized lithium salt at present, which has a moderate ion migration in commonly used organic solvents.
Moderate decomposition constants, better resistance to oxidation, higher electrochemical reliability, good aluminum passivation capacity, and becoming the leading electrolytic lithium salt used in commercial lithium ion batteries. Lithium hexafluoride is prepared mainly by air fixation, hydrofluoride solvents, organic solvents, ion exchange
The gas fixation method is the first lithium hexafluoride preparation method, which is simple, but produces less pure products. The legal requirements for ion exchange are relatively simple, but at the laboratory stage, there is no market for production. The dominant method currently used by domestic and international companies producing lithium hexafluoride is the hydrofluoride solvent method.
The organic solvent approach is similar to that of hydrofluoride solvents, with a 90% - 95% purity of products prepared for organic solvents and an insortible organic solvent, which is more difficult to remove and less easy to produce lithium solid hexafluoride.
2.2. Overview of the electrolyte industry 2.2.1 Industry characteristics: light asset industry, raw materials are the main battlefield, electrolyte is a light asset attribute. Lithium cell electrolyte sheet gwh is an investment based on 2021 data.
In comparison with other materials, the electrolyte has a clear light asset properties, overall industrial barriers are low, and the real core of competition is the ability to control upstream raw materials, with the highest investment in lithium hexafluorates per ton of the upstream raw materials, at $582,000, above the average in the industrial chain.
Twenty-eight thousand yuan; the solvent dmc has a low investment of only twenty thousand yuan.
Figure 16: Highest investment of lithium hexafluoride per tonne 2.2.2 cyclically available electrolyte prices began in 2014, with national ministries such as the DRC, the Ministry of Finance and others developing new sources of energy from their respective fields.
Cars have developed special policies. New-energy cars have grown significantly for the second consecutive year of production in 2015, 2016, and air transfer has left the supply of electrolyte and hexafluoride in short supply. The prices have risen, and the prices of hexafluoride have been maintained at around 400,000 per ton, while the prices of phosphate lithium electrolyte and triple electrolyte are 90,000 per ton and 70,000 per ton, respectively.
In 2017, with the fall in subsidies, the volume of new-energy car production began to decline, but former producers of electrolyte fluids and electrolysis salt plants gradually released their formerly expanded production capacity from 2017 and the market patterns of electrolyte and hexafluoride changed to more than supply and demand, both of which began to fall. In the first half of 2020, the new crown epidemic fuelled a similar price for hexafluoride.
In August of that year, it fell to the bottom of the valley at a price of only $695,000 per ton, and the price of the phosphate lithium electrolyte and the triple electrolyte would not fall to 30,000 yuan per ton and 26.5 million yuan per ton. In the post-subsidization era, new energy vehicles would be excellent and poor, and the product itself would become more competitive in the market, plus “carbon”
..Da peak carbon neutralization's objective is that the new energy automobile industry was re-established in the second half of 2020 and that the demand for cars exceeded expectations, resulting in an oversupply of electrolyte and hexafluoride, both of which were priced at a high price of q1,6F and q590,000/ton as of this year; and phosphate lithium electrolyte and Trinium electrolyte at a price of $11.03.0 and $11.28 million, respectively.
Beginning in q1 22 years, the production of the flagship firms expanded rapidly, the supply-demand relationship of the industry eased and the prices of the products reversed gradually, with the current price of UF6 falling to $2.53 million per ton, the price of lithium phosphate electrolyte and Trinity electrolyte falling to $70 and $90 million per ton, and the projected future gradual balance with the supply-to-demand relationship, and the price of UF6 stabilized.
The cell will return to market normal levels. 2.2.3 Lithium hexafluoride and lithium carbonate price sensitivity analysis The cost of lithium hexafluorate per 10,000 ton is up to 74.4 per cent of the cost of lithium carbonate raw materials at 153,000 yuan per ton.
A sensitivity analysis of the price of lithium hexafluoride assumes no change in the cost of other materials. When the price of lithium carbonate is 500,000 yuan per ton, the cost of lithium hexafluoride is approximately 164,000 yuan per ton, and the cost of lithium carbonate is the total cost.
According to our sensitivity estimates, when the price of lithium carbonate drops by $50,000, the total cost of lithium hexafluoride is 2.3 electrolyte and the supply and demand of hexafluoride are calculated as a ratio of 2.3.1lfp to higher demand for electrolyte.
In the post-subsidization era, the manufacturers no longer overtook the need for electrolyte. Instead, they placed greater emphasis on safety, useful life, and value for money. When production returns to rationality, the more technologically mature lithium phosphate batteries regained their preference.
In May 2022, the volume of phosphate lithium power cell loads exceeded that of the three-dollar battery load, with a cumulative capacity of 57.6gwhl, representing 56.5 per cent of the total load, and in January-May 2022, phosphate lithium battery loads cumulatively amounted to 49.0gwh, accounting for 68.9 per cent of the total load of phosphate.
Based on ggii, we calculated the demand for the electrolyte from the lfp cell and the trio battery at different ratios. Because of the higher consumption of lithium phosphate, the greater the ratio of the phosphate lithium battery to the market for the electrolyte.
The greater the demand. Extremely, if the power cells were all lithium phosphate batteries, the global electric power ton in 2021 and a composite growth rate of 42.83 per cent in 2021-2025; if the power cells were all trio batteries, the demand for the electrolyte would be only 145.29 million tons by 2025.
2.3.2 The global expansion rate is accelerating, and global electrolytic fluid production is continuing to increase. We expect to reach 1.91 million tons of domestic electrolytic energy in 2022, increasing to 4.07 million tons in 2025, with an annual compound growth rate of 28.75 per cent; and the expansion of overseas enterprises is conservative, prognosis.
At 10.58%, the future increase in electrolytic liquid production is mainly due to domestic manufacturers. National flagship companies, the New Zeus State and Jiangsu Kuotai are expected to produce 656,000 tonnes, 240,000 tonnes, and 570,000 tonnes respectively in 2022, counting the supply of lithium phosphorous phosphorus 2.3.3.6 tonnes, respectively.
Production of hexafluoride has been actively expanded. According to the TAFO, 300 tonnes of hexafluoric acid can be fitted with 3 electrolyte + phosphorus: a cost barrier for integrated cycling.
The release of core electrolyte raw materials and additions to the liquid lithium hexafluoride, lifsi, vc, dtd, lithium difluorophosphate, etc., forms an integrated layout strategy for the electrolyte.
The clinker recovery facility and the establishment of a subsidiary in the field of multi-dimensional layout recovery to increase the self-production rate of lithium carbonate and metal salt.
3.1.1 Integrated hexafluoride (IF6) is added to the electrolytic fluid by increasing the self-supply ratio + the cost of the tail cycle + the cost of the liquid process optimization The addition of Lipf6 to the electrolytic fluid is 10-13% of the electrolytic mass. The cost of controlling Lipf6 is up to 40% - 60%, so the cost of controlling the electrolyte cost is the core element of controlling the electrolyte cost.
Currently, the main processes in company Lipf6 fall into two categories: the hydrofluoride solvents (fixed salt) and the organic solvents (liquid salt) method.
Ether, with lifether solution;2 with polyphosphoric acid and hydrofluoride for Hpf6 mixture, then added with excess pf5 gas;3 with pf5 gas and lifether solution recommenced in containers and lpf6 solids obtained through volatilization, purity treatment.
Organic Solvent Method: 1. Add pf5 gas after pyrophosphate by mixing polyphosphoric acid and hydrofluoride; 2. Use lithium carbonate and hydrofluoride to prepare lif solutions by dry condensation, obtain lif filters solids and add lif filters to dmc, emc solutions, obtain lif solutions; 3. mix pf5 with lif
Combining response with liquid Lipf6, first tier cost structure optimized: lithium hexafluoride self-supplied. Lithium hexafluorate cost amounted to 63.7 per cent of the cost of lithium hexafluorate, according to a company announcement, the company produces 200,000 tons of electrolysis per year.
The cost of electrolysis fluids in liquid projects is about $3.9 million per tonne (assuming the cost of extra-purchase raw materials as a market price in May), of which the cost of lithium hexafluoride is 24.9 million yuan per tonne (70 per cent of self-supply), representing 63.7 per cent of total cost, and the effects of hexafluoride are evident. We use the self-supply ratio for sensitivity analysis when the company uses hexafluoric acid.
The self-supply ratio of lithium is 100% and the total cost of the electrolyte is RMB 3.35 million/tonne, reducing it by about RMB 0.56,000/tonne and the cost of UF6 from 63.7% to 57.7%. As the self-supply ratio increases, we expect that the profitability of the company will increase effectively.
The production capacity covers 24 years of demand for electrolyte. Based on current projects and planned capacity of the company ' s HFC 6, we expect 182,000 tons of solid capacity to be lost in 24 years, at an additional rate of 11%, to meet 1.6545 million tons of demand for electrolyte.
The cost structure of the second layer is optimized: the technical advantage of liquid lithium hexafluoride. The comparable cost of liquid hexafluoride at the current cost of raw materials is 13,660,000 yuan per tonne. The cost of single ton material is about 0.41 million yen compared to solid hexafluoride, and the material cost advantage is clear. The advantage of liquid hexafluoride is that:
Process advantages: Reduced energy consumption, simplified liquid salt process routes, no process of crystallization, washing, drying, purity, and significant reduction in the quantity of equipment and energy consumption; short production cycle, 20 hours production cycle for liquid salt, 72 hours production cycle for solid salt, reduction of nearly two thirds cycle; non-pollutant production, liquid salt production
Raw by-products such as sulfuric acid can be recycled for reuse, salt fixation produces pollutants such as toluene and ether; safety is higher, salt fixation equipment is more numerous, complex and more leaking points are present. $/t, with a unit investment in solid lithium hexafluoride amounting to $58205 per ton, compared to industry, corporate liquid hexafluoride
The initial capital expenditure for lithium phosphate is the lowest and therefore more efficient in terms of expansion. 3. Material costs are low: according to company announcements, we split the cost of lithium hexafluoride for the company ' s salt fixation and liquid salt laws, assuming that all raw materials are priced at market prices and calculated as liquid hexafluoride.
The cost of lithium acid is 5.25 million yuan per tonne and the cost of lithium solid hexafluoride is 140.7 million yuan per tonne. Since the liquid hexafluoride contains a large amount of solvents dmc and emc, is not involved in the synthetic reaction of lithium hexafluoride and is directly usable in the subsequent electrolytic liquid preparation, we have eliminated the cost of the solvent and based on the liquid hexafluoride 1:3 fixed ratio.
Comparable costs of liquid hexafluoride = (total cost of liquid hexafluoride -dmc-emc*3 The comparable cost of receiving liquid hexafluoride is 13,660,000 yuan/tonne. The cost of single ton material is about 0.41 million yuan, compared to solid hexafluoride, with a significant material cost advantage.
Third layer cost structure optimization: solid sulfate, hydrofluoride tailings cycle. Under process, in the phosphorus pentafluoride (pf5) synthesis step, raw materials (so3+h2so4) produce a large quantity of sulfuric acid, which contains a small amount of hydrofluoride and is treated at high temperature separation.
Pure lines, with high concentrations and low impurities of sulfuric acid, can then be recovered by condensation with hydrofluorinated hydrogen, which can be recycled again into the cycle and reduce tailings treatment costs.
3.1.2 Cover vc/dtd/difluoro/fec, etc., to enhance the integration of electrolyte fluids The company has mastered the core process and the additive system is gradually improving. The additives in the current company's emphasis layout include carbon ethylene ethylene ethyl acid (vc) sulphurate (dtd) lithium difluorophosphate (lipo2f2) dipropanate difluorophosphorus
Lithium acid (liodfp) and ethylene fluorocarbonate (fec).
20 000 tonnes with an expected capacity of 21 000 tonnes in 2023. ethylene sulfate (dtd): The company ' s subsidiary Zhejiang Tianjin currently has a capacity of 3,500 tonnes, with a new planned capacity of 6,000 tonnes and a construction cycle of 24 months, with an expected capacity of 6,000 tonnes by the end of 2022.
Lithium difluorophosphate (Lipo2f2): Xijiang subsidiary currently has 150 tonnes of capacity, new ethylene fluorocarbonate (fec): Xijiang subsidiary has 1,500 tonnes of capacity, plans to build 3.2 phosphorus-integrated industrial chain, horizontal circulation system
The company produces iron phosphate materials mainly for the manufacture of lithium phosphate battery materials, catalysts, ceramics, etc. Process processes can broadly cover stages such as the formulation of iron sulphate solutions, oxidation reactions, synthetic reactions, plasticization to filter dry drying, in which raw materials of solid sulphate used in the iron sulphate step are derived from lithium hexafluorate.
Production line by-products, cycle of raw sulfate materials, two main production lines: phosphorus iron and lithium salt lines, achieving a larger body-circle system. Lithium phosphate demand projections: we predict a global demand of 460,000 tons of lithium phosphate in 21 years, up from the same level.
Four years of cagr is 53.28%, and the global demand for lfp materials is high. Positive material layouts continue to progress steadily. In terms of capacity planning, companies began to do positive material layouts in 2016.
According to the latest 21-year production plan, the company invested in the construction of a 300,000-ton annual phosphate iron project in two phases, one of which is 100,000 tonnes/year, with production expected to take place in July-August 2022; and the second is 200,000 tonnes/year, with production expected to take place in July-August 2022.
Project formulation product size: 200000 tonnes of iron phosphate per year.
3.3 Used battery cycle: participation + self-built expanded capacity 3.3.1 1-dimensional layout: participation in a mature recycling enterprise 2017, company participation in the stock of titanium, in the area of pre-carat battery recovery, dedicated to building from the end of the resource,
It is a high-quality enterprise that focuses on the recycling of used lithium batteries, the recycling of new-energy motor-powered batteries, the use and sale of ladders, and the research and development of new energy materials, loop-based technologies. It is used in applications, business models, recycling channels, and autonomous research and development.
On the application scene, there are a wide range of applications at the Lithium Lithier level. The main ones are (1) the power storage market, which is used for distributed power storage systems, which effectively solves the randomity of distributed power generation, or the storage of power stations, which reduces the cost of construction; (2) the conversion station or communications base station, which is used as a backup power source for communications base stations, power station direct screens, etc.
(c) The market for low-speed electric vehicles such as logistics vehicles with relatively low cost-sensitive performance requirements or sanitation, sightseeing, etc.; and (4) the market for two/three rounds of shared power switching and the market for small storage energy.
In the business model, Lithium is creating a “rent-for-sale” battery ladder using a business model. That is, by renting, rather than selling, a portion of the deposit is charged to the customer and then a little rent per month.
In the recycling channels, lithium is used to create and layout power cell recovery sites through strategic partnerships with car and battery companies.
In September 2017, the company invested $75 million in Jiang Xi Yun Li, a company holding the label, with a diversity of mature lithium cloud mothers, lithium recovery materials, and 10,000 tonnes/year of lithium-containing lithium-recycling technologies.
Lithium carbonate production lines. At the same time, Lithium Lithium shares are also planning construction projects for the integrated recycling of lithium batteries and the use of decommissioned battery ladders. The company makes equity investments in lithium shares to facilitate the integration of the lithium battery industry, the complementarity of resources in the recycling chain, and the effective interface of the corporate industrial chain in the integrated recovery process, which is in line with public interest.
3.3.2 Two-dimensional layout: Establishment of a subsidiary to expand recycling capacity
The project, with a total investment of $551,128.9 million, is intended to boost the recycling of lithium batteries. In 2021, the company will invest in a project to recover 300,000 tons of electrolyte and 100,000 tons of lithium batteries per year.
The source signed a supply agreement for the purchase of 55,000 tons of electrolyte products from the new energy source in the late 2021 to the end of 2023. On 27 May 2021, the company entered into a supply agreement with the Ninder era and agreed that from the end of May until 30 June 2022, the company would supply an estimated six tons of the Ningde era.
3.4 locks in head companies, expands the layout of overseas companies, actively cooperates with leading companies like Tesla, Ningdé, lig, etc., and signs long-term orders.
Tesla: A long-term cooperation agreement was signed with Tesla in November 2020 to supply lithium electrolyte products from the Freemont, Austin and Berlin plants in the United States, as determined by Tesla, without limiting the volume of Tesla purchases.
Ningde: A supply agreement was signed with Ningde in May 2021 to supply a corresponding quantity of electrolyte products with an estimated usage of 15,000 tons of lithium hexafluoride to Ningde in June 2022. The sales to Ningde rose from 1.053 billion in 2020 to 5.597 billion in 2021, compared to 2020.
LG New Energy: In July 2021, a supply agreement was signed with LG New Energy, which provided for the purchase of an estimated total quantity of 55,000 tons of electrolytic liquid products from LG New Energy in Xijiang from the second half of 2021 to the end of 2023. The sales of LG New Energy rose from 2.46 per cent in 2019 to 9.75 per cent in 2020.
Actively laid out overseas plants, “on the verge of supply” to priority customers Germany: German gift for the company’s establishment of a fully-financed subsidiary in Germany in 2021. US$ 10,000; investment in construction of 100,000 tons of lithium battery electrolyte per year in Czech factories in August 2020.
In March, a commissioning agreement was signed with Saltigogmbh, the Sun Company of the Lanseng Group, to renovate the saltigogmbh workshop with a Czech gift and, after its completion, saltigogmbh to produce the electrolyte product for the Czech sky.
Korea: In October 2019, the company invested in the establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary in Korea, with a registered capital of 500 million won. The establishment of subsidiaries and factory layouts overseas will facilitate rapid scale production of corporate electrolyte products in Europe and Korea, and “nigh supply” to priority customers, thereby optimizing transport costs to companies.
4 lifsi: New lithium salt bat, second universe acceleration to start 4.1lfsivslipf6: high performance, with a higher proportion of additions.
Fluorine ion in lifsi is highly inhalable, lithium ion is more active, with greater conductivity, thermal stability and electrochemical stability than Lipf6 and can increase the range and recharge power of new energy vehicles during summer and winter and improve the safety of new energy vehicles under extreme conditions, thus adding a percentage in the future.
4.2 Benefiting from the trend of high nickel trinity and 4680, the lifsi addition will increase the ratio of lifsi to high nickel trinity. The total domestic production of high nickel material in 2021 reached 1523 million tons, or 222.4 per cent more than in the previous year.
The trinity of nickel has improved significantly in terms of capacity and circulation, but with a significant increase in nickel, the thermal stability of materials has decreased and structural stability has decreased, so that the high nickel trinity cell has higher requirements for the stability of the electrolyte. Lifsi has better thermal and electrochemical stability than any other lithium salt, which can be combined with high nickel trinity material.
In 2020, Tesla launched a third generation of 4680 (46 mm in diameter, height 80mm) using techniques such as audible earless and dry electrodes, which, on the one hand, increased electricity.
The pool’s energy density alleviates the low energy density of the cylinders; on the other hand, as the volume and energy density increase, the individual capacity increase, the number of batteries required decreases, and bms become less difficult. Tesla drives a high demand growth of 4680.
Fullness, to compensate for the lack of a high nickel trinity, combined to improve the performance of the high nickel trinity battery as a whole. Driven by the heat sales of Tesla cars, the market for the 4680 batteries is promising, and we predict that in 2022, the capacity of the 4680 batteries will be 8gwh, and that in 2023 the capacity will be 182.4 gwh.
Lifsi penetrates a lot of space. Lifsi technology is so expensive that it is not being used directly as a soluble lithium salt, but as a solvent additive and a Lipf6 mix to improve the performance of the electrolytic fluids. Companium technology offers a significant increase in the rate of addition to the three-dollar high nickel battery electrolyte, and it is expected that in the future, the best sales of the 4680 batteries will be pulled.
The penetration rate of dynamic lifsi increases. By 2025, if lifsi adds 5% to the electrolyte, the capacity of lifsi expands rapidly. According to estimates, the global total capacity of lifsi is about 32,000 tonnes in 2021, and the supply and demand balance of lifsi is basic. The expected rate of liffi adding 1% to the electrolyte is 1% in 2022.
Tens of tons, 204,000 tons in 2025, with a basic balance between supply and demand. 4.3 Process route costs are clear, capacity planning is a global leader in core processes, and material costs are lower than in the same industry.
Lifsi's synthetic route is complex, technical barriers are high, and companies that break through the technical barriers now have gifted materials, new Zeus, flute batteries, polyfluoride, etc. The synthetic route chosen by the company is the sulfonic acid method, which consists of three components and produces two sulfonylamines (hfsi) and two sulfonyl acids.
Lithium hydrazine (lifsi): 1. Responsive formation of dichlorosulfonamide (hcissi) using amino sulfonic acid, chlorsulfonate, and thorium chloride as feedstock; 2. 99.9 per cent separation from difluorosulfonyl amide by incorporating an aqueous hydrofluoric acid and dichlorosulfonamide reaction
High-purity difluorosulfonamide (hfsi); 3. With dichloromethane as a solvent, high-purity difluorosulfonamide reacts with high-purity lithium carbonate to produce difluorosulfonamide lithium, further filtering, washing and drying with 99.9% high-purity difluorosulfonamide lithium (liffsi).
The company ' s synthetic route material costs are low. The company ' s synthetic raw materials for dichlorosulfonamide are for amino sulfonic acid, chlorsulfonate and chloride. The raw material costs are relatively low. According to the company ' s announcement, the company ' s materials for lifsi cost $10.4 million per ton, compared to the company ' s use of chlorsulfonyl sulfate and chlorsulfonate as raw materials, materials.
The cost is higher, and the material cost for lifsi is $148.7 million per ton. The total cost is about $14.3 million per ton for company lifsi, which is significantly lower than the total cost for comparable companies of $19.22 million.
According to the company announcement, the company could land with 4,000 tons of lifsi per year, the company could produce 0.63 million tons by the end of 21 years, we expect to produce 3130,000 tons in 22 years, forward-planning capacity of over 100,000 tons, or 49.0% of the world-wide lifsi total planned capacity, and the market would take the lead.
Costs are expected to decrease, with a greater competitive advantage over lithium hexafluoride. The high volume of lifsi products will further enhance the profitability of companies as penetration increases.
According to the company ' s announcement, we split the company ' s main business into three parts: electrolyte, phosphate iron, and solar materials, with a volume of 500,000 to 800,000 tons in 24 years. The unit price is 22 years for lithium hexafluoride, which has not yet been fully released.
The price of iron phosphate remains high for 22 years, about 23,000 yuan/tonne, followed by energy release, supply and demand, and prices are gradually reduced. Māori ratio: we assume that the Māori rate of iron phosphate is stable at 15%.
Solar materials: The company matures and stabilizes its solar material operations, with a steady increase in the expected collection of solar materials from 22 to 24 years. In the area of batteries, Engje shares in the Ningde era, in the membrane field are more similar to those of the industry, and in terms of industry attributes and business models, the company is more similar to those of New Zeus State and Jiangsu-Thai, and the main business is lithium.
Battery electrolyte, therefore choosing Ningde, Engjee, New Zeus State, and Jiangsu-Thai as comparable companies. In 21-23, we expect the current price to be 15, 14, 11 times the average value of comparable companies (lithium cell electrolyte) and 43, 26, and the average value of comparable companies (based on market status & industry attributes & business model)pe.
The new lithium salt lifsi is expected to bring in additional quantities, and we maintain the “recommended” rating. 1) The risk of a decrease in the price of lithium ion cell electrolyte and lithium hexafluorate. With the country’s significantly increased capacity for lithium hexafluoride and increased market competition, the price of lithium ion cell electrolyte is likely to continue to be higher.
Volatility, which has an impact on the performance of firms.2 Technology competition increases the risk. The precision industries in which firms operate are technology-intensive industries, where technology, processes, products, functionality development and upgrading are faster and firms are more demanding in terms of R & D, technology and process strength.
If more competitors in the country achieve technological breakthroughs and industrialize the production of qualified products, the demand for these products in the downstream new energy market will increase as much as expected. If the industries of new energy vehicles, storage, etc. are not developed as expected, the volatility will likely lead to a fall in the prices of raw materials and products in the lithium ion battery industry, if public prices.
The Division cannot reduce costs and stabilize sales prices on the basis of the overall volatility of the lithium ion battery industry, will draw conclusions on the corporate approach and analytical logic, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received any direct or indirect recommendations or views for, or will not receive, from, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.