The profits increase at a seasonal rate and asset quality indicators improve at a quarterly rate The Martinian incident: business income of $16.503 billion was achieved in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 3.38 per cent over the same period;
Profit growth is increasing at a quarterly rate, with a single-quarter net profit gap ratio falling. Profit growth is increasing at a quarterly rate. Quarterly net profit returns are increasing by 12.78 per cent compared to the previous three shares, before the provision, by 2.9 per cent compared to the previous year, and profit growth benefits from better asset quality. Q3 achieved a net profit of $19,546 million in the first quarter, compared to the same increase.
The trend is expected to continue as the quality of assets continues to improve. q3 quarter operating income increased by 11.96 per cent over the same period. q3 quarter operating income achieved $165,703 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 3.38 per cent over the same period; q3 quarter grew by nearly 12 per cent over the same period.
Structurally, growth drives a 9.76 per cent increase in net interest income over the same period, and a 27.29 per cent increase in net fees and commissions over the same period last year, owing to the low base. The net interest margin is either lower or due to the increase in the cost of deposits and the volume of high cost sheets issued. q3 seasons
The net interest margin level is 2.4%, and the ring q2 drops by 4bps. Since bank liabilities became more heavily regulated, competitive pressure on deposits in the entire banking sector has increased, with the cost of small and medium-sized deposits affecting interest differential performance; on the other hand, high-cost co-possession certificates have increased, with unexpired co-perpetrators at the end of September being larger than 6.
▪ Loans have grown steadily, resulting in a net decrease in the balance of deposits or a disturbance of end-of-season factors. Loans have increased steadily, with a net decrease in the size of joint assets and untied sizes contributing to a contraction in total asset size (as compared with the end of June): 87.890 billion at the end of September; there has been a net decrease in the size of joint assets by 48.16 billion; and there have been two consecutive investments in the accounts receivable category.
Estimates show a net reduction of about 160 billion in demand deposits at the end of September compared to the end of June, mainly due to end-of-season events. The size of the outstanding certificates at the end of September (as measured by Wind) is approximately 270 billion, an increase of $30.25 billion compared to the end of June, but the share of “co-operability + inter-operability liabilities” is less than 20 per cent, far from the relevant research.
The banking research framework and the Central Bank report indicate a steady decline in the negative balance and the negative rate, and the provision coverage has increased risk resilience.
In the middle of 2017, there was an improvement in the number of banks reporting.
The negative double-declining trend continues -  Profit forecasting and investment rating: engaged banks have been engaged in retail financial operations for many years and the share of current deposits has remained high; the negative rate has declined for three consecutive quarters and the balance of non-performing loans has decreased net, no
Good production has slowed considerably, and future asset quality is expected to continue to improve, providing room for growth in performance. Under the “light banking” strategy, capital built-in capacity is growing, and capital adequacy is maintained at a high level of water Chart 5: Merchant Bank lending structure (q3 is the Bank's calibre)
Figure 6: Portfolio deposit structure (q3 of business calibre) Figure 7: Quality of Portfolio Bank assets Figure 8 : Capital adequacy of Merchant Bank
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board