Bank of Merchants (600036): Net profits kept growing faster and assets were of good quality Events: operating income of $16,703 million was realized in the first three quarters, an increase of 3.38 per cent over the previous three quarters, and net returns to mothers kept increasing by two consecutive degrees.
In the first three quarters of the year, the net return profit has increased at a steady rate and is growing at a positive rate. The rate of non-performing loans has declined for the second consecutive quarter, providing for counter-feeding profits. As of the end of the third quarter,
The rate of non-performing loans was 1.66 per cent, a decline of 0.21 percentage points from the end of the previous year, and the increase in net profits was boosted by the end of the second quarter. The impairment of assets was 27 per cent lower in the third quarter and the total market value/flow (millions of yuan) was reduced.
The net interest margin ratio has fallen slightly, with interest net earnings increasing by 6.62% over the previous three quarters. The first three quarters of the quarter (600036), a six-monthly percentage point for the caller banks, have remained stable overall, with net interest differentials for the first three quarters declining significantly from last year’s.
Report point: negative double drop; net profit returns to two asset size loop contractions and “light banking” transitions. After the intermediary bank, digits -- 2017/08/21
There was also a quarterly contraction in the size of the recruited assets. The three-quarter asset sizes were down by 0.49%, while the six-month disclosure period at the end of the three-quarters was 3.82% higher than at the beginning of the year.
In the first three quarters, although affected by factors such as declining investment returns, non-interest income fell by 5.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, it remained 32.99 per cent as a share of revenue. In addition, capital recruitment was efficient.
Merchant Banks (600036): Zero Capital Sufficiency Rates and Level I Capital Sufficiency Rates increase by 1.73 and 1.2 percentage points, respectively, from the end of the previous year.
\mathbf{r}2 Merchant Bank (600036): Net profits are growing faster and assets are of good quality Bank (600036): Net profits are growing faster and assets are of good quality
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report