Center for Resource and Environmental Research Spring and Fall Aviation (601021.sh) buy-in (first rating)
The company has excellent profitability, pre-epidemiological net interest rates have remained above 11%, growing up to 16% cagr in 201119, and 18% net profit cagr in 201119. The company was profitable and resilient during the epidemic, and in 2020, net profit was deducted from the impact of spring sails on Japan.
With a low-cost advantage, the company recovered its fleet more quickly at the beginning of the outbreak and further spread its fixed costs. In 2020q3 and 2021q2-q3 of the epidemic, a single-quarter gain was achieved on the domestic market alone.
If the current epidemic continues to be under control, demand will continue to recover, and the company is expected to take the lead in recovering the benefits of the phase. Create a Chinese-style low-cost aviation model.
15-20%; increase in aircraft turnover by scheduling morning and evening flights, with flat fixed costs at a daily rate of 11.2 hours in 2019, 15% higher than for the three major flights. Corporate unit ask costs 21% lower than their counterparts, low intermediate costs and breeding base increases in net interest rates. Company autonomy in developing distribution, reservation, settlement and exit systems.
The cost of sales is reduced, and management costs are reduced through the financial integration of operations and the control of human aircraft, and unit sales costs and management costs are one-fourths comparable to those of listed companies. At the same time, firms have responded to low-cost models to build up their base, receiving subsidies and other gains of 12% of income, further raising net interest rates.
Low Cost Air Division is competitive and more adaptable to the current subsidence of the network, and the penetration rate is expected to rise. The 2022h1 company is ahead of it by a net increase in the number of aircraft and is proposing to finance an additional $3.5 billion to expand the fleet. 2. Price increases: the network optimizes income elasticity and support income increases over time.
Market layout, continued optimization of the air network, and increased revenue elasticity will also benefit from the market-based effects of fares. Ben: Non-oil costs have improved continuously.
The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected risk, lower than expected macroeconomic growth, the risk of devaluation of the renminbi, the risk of a significant increase in oil prices, the risk of safe operations, and the risk of changes in subsidized income.
The company is the pioneer of low-cost domestic aviation models. Spring and Fall is the first private airline in China.
During the month, the company had 116 a320 aircraft fleets and became one of the largest private airlines in the country in flight, travel, passenger turnover, etc., and was also the leading low-cost airline in North-East Asia.
Prior to the epidemic, the company ' s operating income increased by 14.8 billion yuan, or 13 per cent, in 2019, and the net return to the mother increased by 1.8 billion yuan, or 23 per cent. In 2011, the impact of the 2022q1 epidemic was compounded by higher oil prices, resulting in a net loss of 440 million yuan, or 150 million yuan.
In the first three years of the epidemic, the growth rate of corporate revenue was more than 13 per cent, higher than that of other publicly listed carriers; net interest rates were maintained at more than 11 per cent, more than 5 percentage points higher than that of other publicly listed carriers.
Figure 5: Pre-epidemiological net interest rate of companies ahead of other publicly listed divisions 1.2 Main profits during the epidemic, showing profitability and resilience The main business held profits from 2020-2021.
Long-term equity investments recognized investment losses and the impact of impairments, resulting in a net profit of 140 million yuan and a profit on their own air transport operations; in 2021, in the event of a recurring domestic epidemic, the net profit of the company was $3.91 million, the only publicly traded aviation division to earn in 2021.
In the early days of the epidemic, the demand for air travel decreased significantly, and the Department of Air Affairs used a “fronting” pricing strategy to fly flights when revenues were higher than change costs. The cost of a unit seat in a company is 21% lower than that of a full-service aviation division.
The cost of change is relatively low, allowing for an earlier recovery in capacity, and a faster recovery in the overall fleet than in large flights, as evidenced by the continued lead-up to the ask surge. Aviation industry costs are rigid, with a fixed cost of about 40 per cent, and the corporate fleet is recovering faster and more robustly.
The costs are high and the overall costs are further reduced, making an early profit. Better control of the epidemic in the country. Chart 10: Strength costs are higher in the aviation industry, and partial maintenance costs are expensed.
During the epidemic, the company was able to expand its fleet in reverse. During the epidemic, it was able to deploy its international capacity to the country, and it was actively increasing its domestic capacity to absorb it at times. In 2019-2021, the aircraft a320neo. To date, the company fleet has reached 116 aircraft.
Figure 12: Corporate performance continues to be under pressure as the epidemic has grown since the beginning of the epidemic. As the national epidemic has been brought under control in June, air traffic rings have been better than experience, and companies can make quarterly profits when the domestic epidemic is better controlled.
Figure 16: Sustained recovery of air traffic. Figure 15: Better control of the epidemic since June 2022.
ii. Create a Chinese-style low-cost aviation model The company creates a Chinese-style low-cost aviation model.
At the same time, the company, taking into account the characteristics of the Chinese aviation industry, has made innovations in some of its operating models, such as the active development of two or three-line bases and the opening of new business in the event that the main line is not supplied at all times.
The company uses the same type of aircraft and engines to reduce the cost of aircraft, shipping materials procurement; reduce inventory; reduce the difficulty in managing maintenance works; and reduce the number of pilots, crews and crews.
The company has a single economy class, with no first-class and business-class accommodation, and a 15 per cent higher number of seats than would normally be available for airlines operating the a320 aircraft using two-class layouts.
Since September 2015, the company has introduced 186 a320 aircraft. In September 2020, the company introduced its first 240-class a321neo aircraft, further increasing the level of single-air seating.
2. High turnover further reduces the unit ask fixed cost – extending flight hours and increasing aircraft turnover.
The daily utilization factor of 11.2 hours is 15 per cent higher than the average of the three major flights. Owing to the high cost of aviation, the daily utilization rate of the aircraft has been increased and the unit fixed cost has been amortized, further reducing the total cost per unit.
In the normal year before the outbreak, 2019, for example, spring and autumn aviation had a unit operating cost of $0.297, which is 21% lower than the average value of the three main flights and Gyeongxiang Aviation. Among these, the cost of depreciation, rent, etc., was higher, and related to the fixed cost of the company’s high turnover spread; and the cost of meals was lower than the cost of food.
Much of this is due to the company’s failure to provide free meals; less savings in landing and landing costs are due to the cost of landings and landings, which are limited by the number of seats. High seating rates offer additional advantages.
In 2019, the company had 91% of the seats, compared to 83% in the industry. The high occupancy rate brought a greater number of passengers to the local airport, facilitated an increase in throughput and facilitated the company’s access to various forms of support, such as local airports or government subsidies for routes.
With its own unique business model, adequate capital reserves, and good management capacity, companies minimized the impact of the new crown, recovered faster, and increased market share.
In 2021, the company ' s share rose from 3.4 per cent to 5.3 per cent, and in Shanghai, the market share was 2.2 per cent with a high net interest rate: during the control period, the base was actively nurtured to lead the business. In 2019, the company ' s Māori ratio was 11 per cent, down from 17 per cent for the country ' s shipping.
In 2019, net corporate interest rates were 12 per cent higher than the Māori rate of 1 percentage point, with lower time rates versus higher subsidies (other gains) contributing to higher profitability of the company, backed by control over the cost of the period and active growth of the base.
Figure 28: Companies with low-cost, high-subsidy features (2019) Use of autonomous R & D systems to reduce sales costs. Companies use distribution, reservation, settlement and exit systems that are autonomously developed and independent of the Chinese air traffic system.
The share of direct e-commerce sales (including the ota flagship shop) reached 96.7 per cent of sales channels.1 According to the Chinese letter bulletin, with regard to distribution and reservation services, the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority ' s billing standard (depending on the type of system available) provides for a booking fee of between $4.5 and $4.5 per passenger on the domestic route.
6.5 dollars, or 6.5 to 7 dollars for international and regional routes. Based on the median value of this fee, based on the volume of passengers transported by the company in 2019, the company could save about 120 million yuan in its own system.2 According to the SAC announcement, it receives the largest amount of money per passenger per person per person per person per person on international and regional routes processed by the system.
At the maximum allowable rate of $7 per passenger on the domestic route, a maximum of $4 per passenger is charged. On the basis of the company’s 2019 passenger traffic, based on the maximum allowable price for the fee, the company’s own system can be calculated on the basis of the 2019 passenger traffic and the use of the self-research system can save about $230 million, equivalent to 0.005 million.
Companies control administrative costs through a variety of measures. Companies use the resources and services of third-party service providers at airports to reduce day-to-day management while ensuring flight safety, operating quality and service quality
Costs, coupled with operational and financial integration through technical means, effectively reduce the human and day-to-day costs of managers through rigorous budget management, fee-control management, scientific performance appraisals and reasonable control of human capacity ratios.
In 2021, the management costs of the corporate unit (administrative costs/kml available) were $0.0049, far below, and the company actively cultivated the two-line base and received subsidized income. In a broader context of constant tension on the backbone, the company relied on low-cost advantages to actively nurture the two-line market, on the one hand, and on the other, on the other.
Subsidized by local governments or airports. Airline subsidies help companies to lower fares, attract passengers, promote the development of local civil aviation, and generate relatively stable subsidy “incomes” for companies that, in addition to setting up bases in first-line markets such as Shanghai and Shenzhen, have set up Shenyang, Shijiang and Yang.
From 2015 to 2019, the company’s other earnings (mainly airline subsidies) increased from $800 million to $1.4 billion, a small decline to 9 per cent of income. 290 million yuan, with other gains rising to 12 per cent of income, effectively countered the negative impact of the epidemic.
1. China’s aviation industry has a wide scope for growth, and China’s civil aviation industry will enter a trillion-degree era. According to the “14th-five” civil aviation plan, China’s civil aviation passenger traffic will reach 5.9 per cent in 2019-2025 and 930 million in 2025.
In 2019, the average industry fare was 980 yuan, while the corresponding market size in 2025 was close to 100 billion yuan, much higher than currently. Moreover, based on the World Bank’s projections of the population, as well as projections of the number of air-to-air passenger-to-person flights, China’s air traffic is expected to double in the future compared to 2025.
China’s air market growth is driven by the fact that China’s civil aviation industry is still growing, with the growth of the economy, and there is much room for improvement in the number of trips per person. The demand for air travel is highly correlated with economic development.
High levels of closure. (1) High demand for travel by commercial passengers and fluctuations in economic cycles will have an impact on the demand for air travel by commercial passengers; (2) high demand for travel by private travellers, and rising levels of consumption as per capita gdp rises.
The number of flights per citizen is positively related to the per capita gdp, and the more economically developed, the higher the number of flights per person. According to the Imf projection, per capita Chineses
Gdp will continue to grow, and so will the number of trips per capita of Chinese citizens accompanying economic development.2 Low-cost aerial penetration is expected to increase, and China’s low-cost aviation penetration is expected to continue to rise.
In the period 2021, the share of the global market for low-cost airlines in the region rose from 28.1 per cent to 32.4 per cent, and the share of international routes increased from 8.4 per cent to 18.6 per cent; and the share of domestic airlines in the Asia-Pacific region increased from 8 per cent to 18.6 per cent.
Southwest Air is the world’s best-known low-cost aviation division, which has been profitable for 47 years since 1973. Southwest Air is growing on a low-cost model, and in 2019 passenger traffic reached the highest level in the world.
One of the key features of the airline industry is basic homogenization of services, with prices clear. Low costs often correspond to low fare prices, and on the same route, it is expected that a low-cost flight will take over the full-service aviation division.
Markets. For example, from the start of the construction of the Shijia base in 2011 to 2019, the company’s share has risen to 22%, doubling from the initial level, showing a low cost. Figure 38: Global competitiveness of low-cost aviation is also increasing.
Figure 39: Global competitiveness of low-cost aviation
Figure 42: Transparency of air service prices and local supply constraints in China’s aviation industry. In September 2017, the China Civil Aviation Authority issued a “total control architecture” policy, starting with the winter spring season of 2017, with the total number of flights at the beginning of the summer season of 2017.
The average number of flights at the end of the season is benchmarked, with the main coordinating airport and the secondary coordinating airport incremental control, which is within 3% of the total at least 5% at the south-east side of the Hu-Huan line. The low-cost aviation division is better able to adapt to the sinking of the network.
In this context, the Low Cost Division provides low fares, better meets the aviation needs of the low-line market, and better adapts to the downfall of the network.
Figure 45: Mainly coordinated airports are now down from year to year, companies are ahead of a net increase in the number of aircraft to refinance the expansion of their fleet. As a result of the domestic epidemic, 2022h1 has been slow to introduce aircraft to the Public Aviation Department. Compared to the industry, companies are moving at a relatively faster pace.
The company announced in June 2021 that it intended to release publicly its stock collection, aircraft and flight simulators, as well as replenishing its liquidity, would further enhance its transport capacity. New bases were actively developed during the epidemic.
A network of routes from Shenyang, Shenzhen, Yangzhou, Ningbo, and Zhuyang. Since the outbreak, the company has quickly turned international transport back, adding a new and positive domestic moment, twice the time before the outbreak, during the summer and autumn season of 2022.
The network continues to be optimized, and revenue elasticity will increase. While the company is deep-ploughing its pre-existing market, it further deepens the layout of the second-line market, during the summer season of 2022, with the company growing in Nanchang, Dalian, Lanzhou, Chengdu.
With the expansion of the airport and new planning during the 14th Five-Year Period, the company’s network is expected to continue to improve. The marketization of fares has continued.
In 2020, nearly 1700 routes were market regulated, close to 40% of the country’s routes. Marketization of fares is still expected to yield benefits to companies.
Four or five price exchanges have been completed, and the economy-class full fare ceiling has been raised by 50-60% or more, providing the basis for a profitable growth in the industry after the outbreak has resumed. As a low-cost carrier, the marketization of fares is expected to raise the overall fare level, companies follow the SAD pricing, and price reforms will also provide companies with elasticity in their performance.
In 2021, the company auxiliary business earned $620 million, or 6% of the revenue. The pre-epidemiological company auxiliaries earned more than comparable aviation.
In March 2021, the Public Air Transport Passenger Service Regulation proposed that the size and weight of luggage, free baggage, excess baggage charges, small animal transport, etc. should no longer be applied.
Uniform provisions are made, but the carrier is required to set its own standards according to the characteristics of the business. With the liberalization of our aviation industry’s pricing of part of the subsidiary income, company support income is expected to rise, with 3.3 costs: the non-oil cost is constantly improving.
The cost of non-oil has improved continuously, and the disease is expected to continue. During the epidemic, the cost per unit of non-oil has continued to improve, despite a 22 to 24% fall in the daily utilization of the company’s aircraft.
Apart from this, non-oil costs will be expected to remain low with the resumption of aircraft utilization.IV. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis  Considering fuel surcharges in 2022 to boost domestic fare levels and revenue from international fares in 2024
Figure 57: Continued growth in the number of single-air seating in companies since the introduction of a321neo Chart 56: Corporate fleet structure: a321neo 8% (2022.6) We anticipate that the company tax surcharge rate will remain stable at 0.19%, sales cost rate, management
Cost rates, R & D rates have steadily declined, and financial cost rates have been projected on the basis of cash, interest-bearing liabilities, etc. Of this, the sensitivity of exchange rates has increased since 2021, when the company has been on a rental schedule. At the end of 2021, the company will increase or decrease its net return if the renminbi has appreciated or depreciated by 1 per cent against the United States dollar and other factors remain constant.
For the first time, a buy-in rating is given. Considering that the airline industry is a cycle industry, a relative approach is used to estimate the impact of the epidemic beyond expectations.
The air transport sector is closely linked to the state of the economy and the trade environment. The civil aviation sector is more affected by the macroeconomic climate, which is directly influenced by the growth and decline of economic activity, disposable income and export and import trade.
Risk of devaluation of the renminbi currency. The airline has more foreign currency liabilities and foreign currency liabilities are predominantly United States dollar-based, resulting in a dollar-dollar debt that is subject to significant fluctuations in the exchange rate between the dollar and the renminbi.
The cost of oil is one of the most important costs incurred by airlines. Large fluctuations in international oil prices will have a greater impact on the price levels of oil and fuel surcharge revenues.
A safe flight is a prerequisite and a basis for the airline to maintain its normal operation and good reputation. Bad weather, mechanical malfunctions, human error, aircraft defects, other force majeure events, etc.
The company’s cooperation with the local airport or the government generates revenue from the subsidy. The cooperation agreement under which the company’s revenue from the subsidy is based is time-limited, in which the cooperation agreement arrives.
After this period, there is a risk that cooperation agreements will not be renewed with cooperating parties and that the criteria for renewal subsidies will be significantly reduced, as well as a risk of uncertainty in the expansion of additional subsidized routes.