National gold foliage cuities resource and environmental research centre
In the long run, the cost advantage of the expansion has been firmly established, and industry performance has increased: three major policies have promoted the expansion of demand in the sector, with the penetration of domestic clothing increasing steadily, and new production and sales have increased steadily.) Reviewing history: the market has generally seen the landscape of the gypsum industry as growing by the construction of the built-up area.)
Influence, since 2016, the rate of growth in production and the rate of completion of construction has been different, with the construction/residential completion area increasing by the same 3 per cent/-7 per cent in 2017 and the sale of the company ' s plaster plates increasing by the same 11 per cent.
(ii) Looking ahead: 1 at the industry level, at the policy end: promotion of green building materials (over 40 per cent of green construction applications in 2020), wall materials
Material reform (80 per cent of new walls in new buildings in 2020), construction development in assembly style (more than 20 per cent of decorated buildings in 2020) provides a triple acceleration for the gypsum industry; downstream market end: short-term recovery of public clothing is robust and long-term (the same area completed in 2018-2020)
Sterilized Plasshead, Environmentally+According Building Support 8/5/4%) and Increased Domestic Permeability (only 30% of domestic loading, U.S. share of Pikda Plasmodium Production Line, with new capacity of up to 3 billion m2 (2.2 billion m in 2017), accompanied by new capacity
Prices: Average price in 2018, with limited impact on the increase in waste paper. 1) End of revenue: 1 company is the absolute leader of the gypsum, has a good marketing layout and has a strong pricing voice. 2 companies raised their prices in 2017 q3 and the gypsum increased 23 per cent on the same annual average, and we estimate that the q3 increase is more than 68 per cent, even if the price is higher than 68 per cent.
Paper (30% of the cost): Considering that the Ministry of the Environment ' s ban on scrap paper has increased the company ' s combined cost by 10/19% since late 2017, the impact of the increase in scrap paper on the combined cost has been more limited. 2 gypsum raw materials (20% of the cost): companies have taken the lead in the use of devulcanized gypsum and have increased their collaboration with power plants.
Monopoly of desulfurized gypsum resources (municipally 77 per cent) has a significant cost advantage, with unanticipated unit prices of devulcanized gypsum not being as high as expected macroeconomically, housing macro-policy regulation, and the risk of price volatility of raw materials.
I. Top-notch, top-notch, best-selling products, expansion of capacity to meet new weather conditions, strong background of state capital and market recognition of branding. North New Group Building Materials Inc. is a brand, research, development, production, and production company under the State Council ' s State Council ' s direct administration of China Building Materials Group.
The company was listed on 6 June 1997 at the end of the contract; in March 2005, the company acquired the shares of Shandongtai and 42%, forming two major gypsum brands: Dragon and Tarzan, which became brands, technology, quality, and regulations for the Chinese cardboard industry.
The company’s brand value rose from 50.7 billion yuan in 2017 to 73 of China’s 500 most valuable brands: seven consecutive times the company was selected for Asia’s 500-strong brand. It was the top three in Asia’s branding industry.
In 2017, the company produced 2,182 million square metres of gypsum. In the course of the year, the company launched a new round of capacity-building, developed a new investment in the construction/reinvestment of a total of 12 plus 9 gypsum production lines.
Three billion square metres, with an additional capacity of almost 37%. The company has a network of cardboard production lines and marketing throughout the country, covering the country’s high-end market, and is now located in the country’s major cities and counties.
For domestic government construction, exhibition and business centres, high-end hotels, housing, engineering projects, and the country
Figure 6: The company provides construction materials for over 70 per cent of the country's large buildings
Xiamen State Tax Building, Hunan Province Construction Office Building Building, Changchun High Court, Wuhandong Lake Convention Centre, Changsha Prosecutor's Office, Nanchang Hotel, China State Power Building, Huannan State Revenue Administration International Exhibition Centre, National Convention Centre, Hangzhou Exhibition Centre, Yunnan Fiki International Fair Centre
Ali Baba is working on the “Baby City” project in the West Creek, Hangzhou; the Chengdu Super Factory project in Chengdu, Kyoto; the Wuhancbd project; the Guangzhou East Tower (Chou Dafu Financial Center); the Shenzhen Peace International Finance Centre project; the Northeast World Trade Square; the Kaiwan Global Centre; the Qingjia International Finance Centre; and the Shanghai Business Building.
Tianjin 117 Building, Shimu Channel Building, Shanghai Center, 692 meters, Shanghai New Moon Global Center, Tokyo Soho High-end Homes: Lincoln Park, Intekiah House, Purple House, Red Sea Seal, Blue Mountain House, Hainan Water Bay Palm Spring Hotel: Vandal Square, Cabinsky, Long White Hills Hotel, Hilton Hotel, Vandal Conrad (six-star class), Shanghai Shangrella Hotel
1st High Building: the 100th Building of the King Ki-gi Building, Kai Yuan International, Wuchan Paolí Square, Xian Sanxing (China) Semiconductor Project, Beijing Oil Drilling Research and Development Centre, Building 1
The Qinshan Nuclear Power Plant expansion project (66 minutes off the 6th floor) was active in expanding overseas operations. The company established a holding company in Tanzania in 2018 and acquired it.
This is a bold attempt by the company to open overseas operations, and according to its results, the company will decide on the next overseas business arrangement, and the opening of overseas markets will bring new ones.
1. The company has a high level of profitability, a well-placed marketing and a well-priced voice, and a semi-famous market for the main cardboard product. The company has been operating and collecting the cardboards since they were established.
Zhang and technology optimization, acquisition of the Thaksin plaster expansion business map. 2012 became the world ' s first major cardboard producer. In 2017, the company produced 1,826 million square metres (+11.89 per cent), sold 1,821 million square metres (+11.38 per cent), sold nearly 100 per cent of the production rate and contributed nearly 60 per cent of the domestic market.
The same companies as the high-end brand market, Nawafu, Boro, San Goban and others, each produce 100 million square metres per year, or tens of millions of square metres per year: the lower- and middle-end market is unique in the company’s brand. Sales channels sink with the industry, marketing networks are reasonable, and sales are high.
The company has a clear competitive edge over small and medium-sized producers. As the Department pursues its focus and downside strategy, it will continue to develop distribution channels in three or four-line cities and counties, and will move to new rural upgrading and secure housing.
* Models, sales channels include build materials market distributors, specific useable building blocks, and strategic cooperation projects. “The Dragon” and “Taisan” resources are integrated, marketing channels are better used and expanded, internal competition is reduced, and market ownership of products and future profitability of listed companies is more effective.
Enhance resilience to risk. The company’s ability to control costs is enhanced by adequate marketing layout, a reasonable distribution network, a high production and marketing rate, and a high level of productivity demand; and a low stock level and low inventory cost.
In 2017, affected by the rise in raw materials, the company increased its unilateral cost. 1) The company ' s gypsum sheet unilaterally cost increased by 15 per cent to 2.08 dollars in 2017. 2) The company ' s gypsum cost, based on a breakdown of the subject line, is composed of raw materials, fuel, labour costs and other costs, as compared to 2017.
Figure 10: The cost structure of the company ' s gypsum boards in 2017 is expected to continue to rise in scrap paper with limited impact on the company ' s Māori rate, and the single price of devulcanized gypsum remains stable. 1) The company ' s raw materials consist mainly of facepapers and gypsums, of which they account for about 30 per cent of the cost.
In 2017, the Ministry of the Environment issued three circulars on scrap paper, which were implemented in late 2017. By the end of May 2018, there was a 38% increase in national waste (yellow cardboard), taking into account the total cost of scrap paper to the company.
The ratio is about 24 per cent, assuming a 40/80 per cent increase in yellowboard paper in 2018, and, most conservatively, a 10/19 per cent increase in the company ' s combined cost. 3) Devulcanized cast is green, cheap, and the company relies on the pre-emptive advantage plus regional advantage (the company and the major power plants work together in depth to set up a gypsum plant near the power plant, which is considered to be in the vicinity of the plant.
Given the limited transport radius of devulcanized gypsum, which is equivalent to a monopoly on devulcanized gypsum resources), which accounts for 77 per cent of the use of all devulcanized gypsum construction materials, the cost advantage is significant and the unit price of devulcanized gypsum is expected to remain stable in the future. 4) Subject to an increase in the price of scrap paper in 2017, the company raised the price by q3 in 2017, assuming that
• Patronary paper: prices keep going up, companies negotiate + self-contained paper mills, cost control. 70% of the hardened strength of the cardboard board comes from the facepaper, the importance of the sheet to the plate is obvious. Price swings in the facepaper were the main cause of the company's cost of raw materials in 2017.
Imports of waste paper are restricted and the country's waste prices are red. 1) The main raw material for paper protection is waste paper, which accounts for about 80% of the cost of paper protection, so the price changes for waste paper determine to some extent the price trends for paper protection. 2) Currently, waste paper is mainly imported and imported into the country in 2017.
A total of 257.2 million tons of scrap paper, or about 33 per cent of the waste paper use, was imported in the United States of 11,570,000 tons, or about 45 per cent of the country's total waste paper imports. 3) In 2017, the Department of Environmental Protection issued four circulars, including “no more foreign imports of plastics, paper, etc.”
In the second half of 2017, the import of waste paper began at a rapid rate.
In the second half of 2017, Chinese imports of scrap paper declined significantly, with 1,086 million tons of paper imported domestically in the second half of 2017, 27 per cent lower than the same year in the first half of the year and 24 per cent lower than the same year in the second half of 2016.
The demand for the only alternative has increased further, and price increases have become apparent, with yellow paper, one of the country's waste varieties, gaining higher prices as the main raw materials for the facepaper, for example, in the area of yellow cardboard, which averaged $2378 per ton in the second half of 2017, an increase of 39 per cent over the previous half-year price.
This represents an increase of 72 per cent over the same year in 2016. (4) Considering that the three major bans were implemented mainly from 2018, the price of scrap paper is expected to remain high in 2018, and on May 23, 2018, the price of yellow cardboard (the main raw material for paper protection) was as high as $3450 per ton.
The market for face paper is a competitive front, the firm ' s strong bargaining power as a gypsum pole + self-contained paper mills have a significant cost advantage, and the new production of face paper can cover 77 per cent of the company ' s needs after delivery. 1) The domestic market for face paper is made up of the Chinese paper industry, the powerful paper industry, the Thai and paper industry, and the port paper industry.
Business Monopolies. 2) The company has signed cooperation agreements with the Chinese paper industry, the powerful paper industry, which has a large volume of paper protection, a sufficient source of procurement and a strong bargaining power. 3) The Thai and paper industry, as companies, has its own paper protection plant, with an annual capacity of about 260,000 tons.
The company signed a paper machine order contract for the purchase of a cardboard sheeting line for the construction of the project, which will add at least 300,000 tons of additional annual capacity to the post-partum Thai and paper industries.
The construction of the post-Thai and Paper industries can meet 77% of the demand for paper protection for new materials in the North, with some reduction in the impact of price fluctuations in the market for paper protection, while the construction of the post-Thai and Paper industries, with an annual capacity of 560,000 tons, can apply for the import of waste paper processing and further control of production costs.
• Devulcanized gypsum: Devulcanized gypsum becomes the mainstream. The company has the core technology. Increases in production of the fabrics. Gradually replaces natural gypsum with its environmentally friendly, low-cost properties as the main 20% of the gypsum. Traditional gypsum material is mainly made up of natural gypsums, but natural gypsums are non-renewable resources.
Resource scarcity is increasing, and prices are rising year by year. Devulcanized gypsum, an industrial by-product, has been shown to be a complete substitute for natural gypsum in the production of gypsums; (2) from an environmental perspective, natural gypsum is a non-renewable resource, and defouled gypsum is a waste from thermal power generation and is used for decomposition.
Sulphur gypsum can both save limited natural gypsum resources and solve waste disposal problems, enabling the integrated use of resources; 3) sulfur gypsum is also less expensive, with a price of 60 yuan per ton for defouling gypsum and only 48 per cent of the cost of natural gypsum, bringing greater economic benefits to the enterprise.
The company has the technology to replace the natural gypsum entirely with devulcanized gypsum. Since 2000, the new material in the north has developed a patent and equipment for defouling the gypsum, and has developed a 100% technology package for producing gypsums instead of natural gypsums in coal-fired power plants.
At present, 1,826 million square metres of cardboard operations are calculated to eliminate nearly 1,826 million tons of sulfur gypsum per year, reduce emissions by 6.86 million tons of sulfur dioxide and reduce carbon emissions by 3.32 million tons.
The construction of plants around power plants is the best option for the effective use of devulcanized gypsum: 2) sufficient material for new construction in the north.
Using the advantage of the tap and scale, the production line covers the entire country, and strategic cooperation agreements have been signed with the power plants that have been set up in various locations, such as power, power and power, which have been laid within 100 m of the perimeter of the power plant; 3) according to the Ministry of the Environment, " National Central African solid waste pollution environment 2017 " .
Ten thousand tons, of which 21,08.37 million tons, or about 30%, were used in the construction of the gypsum. New materials were built in the north. 1,632 million m2 were produced in 2016, and the total amount of devulcanized gypsum required was 77.4% of the market, which was largely in control of the country.
Partial devulcanized gypsum resources: 4) The company ' s collaboration with the power plant both reduces the cost of transporting raw materials and seizes the source of raw materials, while at the same time obtaining adequate supplies of industrial by-product gypsum, constitutes a potential industry entry threshold.
3. The restructuring of production capacity has contributed to industrial concentration, with company-to-market occupancy and pricing increasing further The late-capability phase-out, reduced production of gypsum plates, and the release of supply gaps. 1) In March 2011, the Industrial Restructuring Directory (2011 edition) of the IDB allowed the gypsum production to be below 10 million square metres/year
The production line is classified as a phase-out category, and the company's production line layouts are 10 million square metres/years or more and are not affected by this policy, but the small production capacity in the market will be phased out, releasing more market space.
For a quarter of the company ' s current capacity, the supply gap for the exit of backward capacity will be an opportunity for the company to break out of the larger market and to have a stronger price-fixing voice. (2) The company has taken the lead in launching a project for the production of gypsums with industrial by-products, which is an extension and pilot in the gypsum industry; and the company ' s line of production of gypsums with industrial by-products.
Ten industrial by-product gypsum production lines have been established or tested, and in five constructions, production exceeds 20 million m2 per year; companies have been able to invest and reinvest in new ones, while with the announcement of 3 billion capacity in 2017, new incentive production lines have been created and the quality of production of existing production lines has been expanded.
Stakeholder status. Small-scale output exits to release supply space as an opportunity to expand the export and market share of the company’s capacity expansion, and this has contributed to further improvements in the company’s pricing power.
4. There is a gap between city occupancy rates and mature markets, further increasing city occupancy as a corporate strategy.  gypsum plates are different from cement, glass, etc., core technologies are in the design yard, and the core of the gypsum boards are hands-on.
In the company’s production units, it's absolutely confidential. Technology-facilitating pole companies take over the market.
On the one hand, every year, companies have hundreds of patent applications and have patents in all fields of production, especially in the production of cardboard boards using phosphorus gypsum, devulcanized gypsum and natural gypsum.
Technology patents are highly technologically superior; on the other hand, companies have a strong cost control over raw materials, such as face paper; and, at the same time, companies use distributor sales, and marketing networks are reasonable. These advantages guarantee the smooth implementation of a company ' s strategy to increase market access.
Since 2017, in the face of the rise in the price of face paper, the company has made varying degrees of price increases for its products, which have led to a marked increase in net corporate profits due to the clear advantages of the company's cost and pricing power.
The Māori rate has risen significantly on a quarterly basis, with firm growth in corporate performance. As the market’s presence rises further, the company will have a stronger voice in the market and will be expected to bring about a new rise in its performance.
After 2016, the company’s output growth rate and the rate of improvement in the area of construction of the house were different. Considering that the ratio of use of gypsum plates in public buildings and homes is 7:3, we measure the rate of increase in the area of the completed construction *70% + 30% in the area of the completed construction * 30%.
The rate of growth in corporate production and the pace of completion in 2015 has stagnated, and the margin of increase has gradually decreased (meaning that the rate of growth per unit of consumption has slowed), but since 2016 the rate of growth in corporate production and the area of completion has increased The per capita usage of China/United States/Japan castpads has been 2.52/6.27/4.2 square metres per year) and new construction materials + assembly
The steady progress of the building will be an important driver of steady growth in corporate output. New types of green building have excellent performance, and traditional building has been phased out.
Materials. The gypsum sheet is usually used mainly as a cardboard plate, which is a core with a gypsum slur, and a paper shield. The cardboard plate is light, high in intensity, fire protection, moth protection, easy to process. The pamphlet is used for inner walls, walls and ceilings. There are also fire-resistant, water-resistant, tide-resistant systems.
Paper gypsum. Fire-resistant water-resistant sheet gypsums can be used on walls with higher humidity, such as bathrooms, kitchens, bathrooms, etc. with tiles, metal plates, plastic tiles.
The introduction of green building materials and the reform of wall materials are opportunities for widespread use. 1) The Ministry of Industry and Communications in 2011 mentioned in the “12th Five-Year Development Plan” of the construction materials industry as investing in safety, environmental protection, and conservation.
Green building materials can be integrated to facilitate the transformation of the construction materials industry into a green functional industry. In 2017, the Ministry of Construction issued the “13th Five-Year Plan for Building Energy Conservation and Green Building Development” and the “Guidance for Promoting Standards, Certification and Marking of Green Building Products” issued jointly by the five ministries.
In 2020, the proportion of green buildings in new buildings in towns and cities was more than 50 per cent, and the proportion of green materials used was more than 40 per cent. Green materials were supported by important policies, which will bring significant development opportunities to the gypsum. 2) The benefit of the reform of the wall material is “no concrete glue”, and the gypsum is expected to become the future of the country.
In February 2017, the Commission issued the Action Plan for the Promotion and Application of New Walls. By 2020, it will have implemented a no-man ' s-man ' s-day, urban, sub-provincial and more-provincial anti-movement campaign, with a total of 80 per cent of new wall production and 90 per cent of new wall applications in new buildings.
The gypsum, which is a recognized new type of wall material, is now widely applied to the inner walls, partitions, and ceilings of buildings. As the wall material reform progresses, the gypsum will become the country’s main future wall material.
Since 2015, the State Council and the Ministry of Housing and Construction, among others, have put in place intensive policy plans for the exhibition of assembly-style buildings. More than 30 provinces and cities have now developed guidelines for assembly-based buildings.
(ii) Guidance issued in September 2016 by the Office of the State Council on the vigorous development of assembly buildings explicitly proposes the promotion of green building materials and the improvement of the proportion of green building applications in assembly buildings.
According to the goal of the WANA, by 2020, the production of new types of wall materials will account for 80% of the total number of walls, with 20% of the decorated wallboards. The gypsum is a new green wall, which will be the main building material in the future. As the policy moves forward, the assembly buildings will be built.
This will accelerate the spread of the gypsum. “Yun's New Zone” will serve as an assembly building development pole, and the future importance of green building materials will be determined. 1) Yung's New Zone is located in Beijing, Tianjin, Pao, and is located in the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and Dongxing District of Shanghai.
In May 2017, Hebei issued the "13th Five-Year Development Plan for Hebei Province Installations", proposed the construction of a collaborative development model for Kyawjin Building, and strengthened the use of government investment projects.
In June 2017, the Hebei government issued a note indicating that the creation of the Yuan New Zone offers historic opportunities for the development of the assembly building.
At the same time, the Vice-President and Chief Engineer of the China Institute of Architectural Engineering and Construction Design has revealed that the proportion of future male-Amn assembly buildings can range from 80% to 90%. 3) The Hebei Province Bunker Building Development Plan also proposes to actively promote the use of green materials in assembly buildings.
In 2020, the proportion of green materials used in assembly buildings reached more than 50%. It is expected that green materials will take a prominent place in the future, with the focus on the development of assembly buildings.
Due to the size and fratricidal size of the gypsum plate, its low unit value, the high cost of transportation, the storage cost of the gypsum slab warehouse in 2017 amounted to 30 per cent of the cost of the sale, and the reasonable transport radius of about 300-500 kilometres, resulting in a possible regional monopoly of the gypsum business.) At present, the company has a new North in the vicinity of the Yuan-An-Zin district.
The company Qin Royal Island Tarzan Construction Materials Ltd., the company Quanzhou Ltd., the company Quanzhou Ltd., the company Quanzhou Ltd., the company Quanzhou Ltd. are just a few blocks away from the Yu Anxin district.
40 kilometers, and all the other branches around the new zone are within a reasonable transport radius. The company, thanks to its silence in the area of the gypsum, and the comprehensive layout of the area around the new zone, will be absolutely dominant in the provision of the gypsum.) In November 2017, the company signed a strategic collaboration with Hua Yundi.
It was agreed that the two sides would cooperate in deepening the application of new building materials in the Dragons series, the capping of the assembly wall, and the promotion of new technologies for new green construction products. At the same time, the two sides decided to jointly create a green architecture research institute in the Yuan New Zone, leading to the high quality and greening of the real estate industry.
With the oligarchic status of the cast board industry, the new area will benefit fully, and the new area is expected to generate 135 million m2 of gypsum demand for the company over the next five years. We measure the future growth in the demand of the new area.
On the same day, the full version of the Hebei Anghe District Planning Framework was published, which calls for the control of the population density of the new area to be within 10,000 km2. It is expected that the start-up area will have a population of about 1 million inhabitants, assuming 30 square metres per person per person, 30 million square metres in 2022, and construction sites in 2017.
The construction of new public buildings is estimated to be approximately 50% of the completed area of new homes. In 2020, it is expected that 4,500 square metres of new buildings will be built in the Shining Zone. 2) In 2014, we produced 3.4 billion square metres of gypsum, while the construction of buildings under a building calibre will be 4.2 billion square metres.
The loading/public unit is only 0.36/176 m2, an increase of 19/25 per cent, assuming the construction of the assembly building in 2015-2017, assuming that the installation in the new area is upgraded to public dress levels, the start-up phase in the new area is to provide more than 135 million m2 of gypsum in incremental space, an average of 34 million m2 per year.
iv. Short-term recovery in the public paper market, which will continue to expand steadily over the long term, is still the main force in the need for gypsum panels, which account for about 70 per cent of domestic sales, and the public administration, which is the absolute leader of the gypsum, which currently employs corporate dragons in more than 70 per cent of the country's famous buildings.
The growing demand for public goods will lead to a steady increase in sales. According to our report, the size of new public buildings will increase by 7 per cent/6.3 per cent/3.5 per cent per year, and the size of modified public buildings will increase by the same amount.
5/5/5/2.5 per cent) Due to the fact that there has been no significant historical change in the area of completed housing as a proportion of total completed construction, we have adjusted the proportion of buildings of all types in the period 2018 - 2020 in line with historical trends and in conjunction with the analysis of the sub-sectors, which is expected to be completed
▪ The gypsum sheet is widely used and made available for renovation of the wall. According to the new network, the value of the country ' s retrofit public goods in 2015-2016 amounted to 8000/85 billion yuan, with an increase of 6.25 per cent, and the inflation effect amounted to 7.65 per cent.) According to data from China ' s Construction and Decoration Association, the general buildings were built at a rate of 7.65 per cent.
Refurbishment in 5-8 years. But the true proportion of renovations is difficult to measure, with my public space amounting to 9.6 per 10.4 billion square metres, an increase of 8.1 per cent, close to the rate of increase in public utility production.
At this stage, there is insufficient recognition of the advantages of the gypsum, which is structurally poor and difficult to meet the need for heat insulation, and the gypsum is still low in the domestic market.
The proportion is 80%, and the share of home decorations in the domestic cardboard market is less than 30%, with 80% of homes in the United States wall and only 5% in the country, which is expected to increase as a result of a change in attitudes.
Figure 32: Large differences between the domestic cardboard market and developed countries  Renovation of public buildings  gradual expansion of the layout of the home improvement area and seizure of the domestic clothing and consumption market
In recent years, the company has gradually made improvements in the area of housing. It has promoted the use of cast barriers, increased its interaction with real estate providers, contemporary industries, China Rainfields, Greenlands Group, China Triumphs, Fifth Union International, Daeqing Oil Fields, China Electric Group, 19 real estate firms, etc.
A strategic cooperation agreement. At the same time, the company strengthens its ability to sell directly and to gain direct control over the final customer; the housing department ' s interior and outer walls systems are integrated with the wall ceiling operations system, expanding the coverage of its operations and enhancing its marketing capacity, and actively seizing the domestic consumption market.
The new construction/reinvestment in the productive layout of 12+9 gypsum production lines has been developed, with the company ' s total gypsum production capacity reaching 3 billion m2, taking into account the construction cycle of the gypsum production lines (approximately RMB 5.43 m/m2 per unit, an increase of 23 per cent, and according to the company ' s announcement, the company started to raise prices in q3.
The improvement in the way the Division operates and the diversification of its distribution channels, and the year-to-year downward trend in operating costs, we have continued to improve the internal management model in recent years, and the management cost rate has been declining year by year, giving rise to operating cash flows, easing financial pressure and predicting financial costs over the next three years.
25.8 dollars. The new North is the absolute leader in the area of cast boards and the country’s vigorous development of assembly buildings. Since the company’s listing in 1997, its size has been growing year by year, its average valuation level for the last five years is expected to increase the long-term robust + domestic penetration rate, and the market for cast plates is expected to increase gradually; from microscopic point of view.
See, the company's leading attribute + the price-fixing word + the cost advantage is significant, and we give the company 2018 macroeconomic risk of being less than expected: the development of the company's own industry is more relevant to the country's macroeconomic situation and related policies, and macroeconomics are less likely to have some impact on the demand of the company's market.
▪ Management of uncertainty risks in the macropolicies of real estate: the company’s operations are strongly influenced by the housing landscape, and if real estate regulation is intensified, it will inevitably affect demand for its products. ▪ Risk of price volatility of raw materials: if raw materials prices rise significantly in the future, it will seriously affect me
They are profitable, and companies are exposed to risks arising from fluctuations in the price of raw materials.