Silver and Thai resources (000975) Lead and zinc resources are highly superior, and gold and mineral resources are on the bright side.
In-depth study/non-ferrous metals — Yulong mining is a core asset of the company, lead zinc resource endowment is excellent.
1.96% of primary lead, 2.83% of zinc, 264g/t silver, 510g/t or more equivalent silver, most of them 200-300g/t, one of the richest mines in the country.
In 2016, the company ' s Māori rate was 77.27 per cent, among the leading companies listed in the country for lead and zinc, including the Yulong mine, 88.46 per cent for lead ore (in silver) and 26.04 per cent for zinc ore, one of the highest Māori rates known to be in the public domain in the country; and the company ' s assets and liabilities were only 4.4 per cent in 2016, with sufficient cash flow.
• The Great Logging Project was launched in early 2018, and the selection capacity doubled.
Ten thousand tons per year, which is about to double over the previous 600,000 tons, and which could reduce ton mining at current cost to inject high-quality gold into the company ' s future profitability.
The company is currently in possession of Shanghai to formally inject the said gold mine assets into the market. The company expects the acquisition to be completed in October 2017. In view of the fact that the company’s acquisition has not yet been completed, if the impact of the acquisition on the company’s future performance is not considered.
I. High-grade Silver Lead and Zinc Mines. High-origin companies. (i) Acquisition of Yulong Minerals in 2013 to become the National Company for Quality Mineral Resources.
The company was listed in late 2000 after a change in the company’s holding shareholders and main business, and in 2013 the company, through a major asset reorganization, injected the Yulong mine of Inner Mongolia into a listed company and changed its main business to non-ferrous metal selection. The company’s controlling shareholder is the China Silver-Thai Investment Company Ltd., a diversified industrial investment group.
The Sino-Thai Business Group, the Sino-Thai Land Group, the Sino-Thai Resource Group, the Sino-Thai Agricultural Group, the Sino-Thai City Group and the Sino-Thai Investment Group own a number of publicly listed companies within and outside China and more than 100 holding and participating companies. In China, Sino-Thai owns 18.73% of the stock capital of the Sino-Thai resource and is the first major shareholder.
The company ' s core assets are currently the Yulong Mining, which is located in the south of Mongolia under the flag of Sijumu. The mineral resource is lead and silver and gold. It is a mine with two products: silver-lead concentrate (single priced separately); and zinc concentrate. In 2016, the Yulong Minerals received $760 million in revenue, representing 99.6 per cent of the company ' s operating income.
Figure 1: The organizational chart of Silver-Thai Resources Ltd. (ii) High-grade resources of the Yulong mining industry, one of the country ' s highest Māori-prevalence mines,1 High-level mining and prospects for increased storage
The Yulong mine is currently the largest single mine in the country of mineral silver (with a silver content of about 150 tons of silver per year, and the production of lead zinc concentrate is among the largest in the country. The company’s mineral resources are relatively good, with 1.96% of lead in the original mine, 2.83% in zinc and 264g/t in silver, with a silver equivalent above 510g/t, one of the richest mines in the country in 2016.
Mines are located in the non-ferrous metal-forming belts of the Great Euphoria in the north-eastern part of Mongolia, where non-ferrous metal mines are concentrated and are less than 100 km away from the nearest lead and zinc smelters, which are easily transported. Lead concentrates are produced that are easy to sell because of the high content of precious metals. Zinc concentrate products are accompanied by a large variety of small metals, and smelting plants with advanced smelting techniques are better integrated and recoverable to large smelting plants.
There is a competitive advantage in the sales of refineries: the Yulong mine has four prospecting certificates, the exploration area for prospecting is 41.11 square kilometres, the company's mining area is located in the non-ferrous ore belts of Angé and the northern zone of Hua north, which is rich in non-ferrous ore resources and has access to them.
The advantage of producing large-scale non-ferrous and precious metals such as silver, copper, lead, zinc, gold is the high-profile search for major non-ferrous deposits of large, mega or even world-class non-ferrous metals, with great mineral potential and prospects for exploration.2 The company ' s Māori ratio, at 77.27 per cent, is at the forefront of the industry.
The Māori rate is 88.46 per cent and the Māori rate for zinc concentrates is 26.04 per cent, the highest Māori rate among known domestic listed companies.
The Tamalong mining rig is on schedule and is expected to be operational in 2018, which will bring the current mining system together into two mining production systems in the future and reduce the upscaling phase, when capacity will reach 1.3 million tonnes/year, doubling from more than 600,000 tonnes in 2016, and reducing ton production costs on the basis of available costs.
(iii) The corporate asset and liability rate is only 4.4 per cent, with sufficient cash flow as a listed company, with good quality assets, a well-established corporate governance structure that meets the conditions for refinancing of listed companies in order to ensure that the public sector is doing a great job in the resource class market.
Elado is a Canadian multinational gold producer and explorer with more than 20 years of experience in mining operations.
There are advanced international production technologies, mine management methods and operating models. Elado decided to exit the Chinese market after the company's strategic adjustment, selling the Guizhou gold mine (in-progress) to the Chinese gold group, the Qing Beach gold mine (in-production), the Guiling Plateau gold gold mine (in-producing) and the Black river Anton gold mine (in-progress) to Shanghai.
The acquisition of Elado ' s assets by the company took two steps, the first of which was the establishment by the company in early 2016 of the Shanghai Shenwe as a platform for the acquisition of Elado ' s targeted assets, with the company holding 0.22 per cent of the shares, while the rest was held by the shareholders of Silver Thai resources.
In 2016, the Shanghai Shengwei mining industry successfully acquired some of Elado’s gold exploration and selection enterprises in China, including, inter alia, four gold mining rights and nine gold mining rights. At present, the company holds 0.22% of Shanghai’s shareholdings, and the Department plans to issue shares to purchase 99.78% of the shares held by Seinwe mining shareholders in order to formally inject the said gold mine assets into the public company.
The core assets in Shanghai are 95% of Black Rock, 95% of Jilin Temple and 90% of Qinghai Chai Chai. The bill for this transaction was considered and adopted by the company’s sixth board of directors at its twenty-fourth meeting, and the major asset restructuring audit was largely completed.
(ii) Injecting a high-quality gold mine with future profitability for the company.
The Black Rock mine, which is located on the Black River in Heilongjiang province and has mining rights in East An gold, is now complete, is not yet operational, is in the process of mining, and the company expects the gold mine to be operational in September 2017.
The Division ' s main products are alloys and silver, and the initial design of 450 tonnes/day metallurgical engineering has been completed, and production is being expanded to kg, with an average grade of 75.4 g/t. Because of the abundance of silver in the Dong An gold mine, the cost of producing gold can be significantly reduced if it is covered with silver revenues.
The cost of gold, the cash production cost of the Orient Gold Mine announced by Elardo, is $175 per ounce. The total cost is expected to be $250 per ounce, well below the average cost of the industry ($800-1,000 per ounce). The company expects to reach production early in 2018, reaching 1.06 tons per year of gold in the post-partum period (14.85 million tonnes/year, taste 8.79g/t, recovery rate 90 per cent and impoverishment rate 10 per cent), estimated.
In 2019, the net profit from the gold mine was 220 million yuan and 220 million yuan, respectively.2 The Qinghai Great Zaydan mine, which is located in the Great Zaydan region of Haixi Autonomous Oblast, Qinghai Province, has two mining rights and four prospecting rights.
The right to mine, the right to mine, the right to mine, the right to explore in the Golden Dragon Trench, the right to prospecting in the Blue Dragon Hills, the right to explore in the Blue Dragon Hills, the right to explore in the Fine Crystal Trench, the only active mine in the Beach Hills, with a capacity of 600,000 tonnes/year, with an average grade of 9078 kg of gold metal and an average grade of 3.11g/t, is mined in the form of open-air mining, which is currently completed in January 2017, at a lower cost.
It will be transferred to underground mining, which has an annual capacity of 200,000 tons/year, with an average grade of 5.11 g/t of gold and metal in the mine area, and which has not yet been mined since the completion of open-air mining in 2013.
Each of these two mines is expected to have a capacity of 800,000 tons per year, and the company is expected to start production in March 2018, calculated as the post-partum period. The annual gold production of the two mines is around 2.4 tons (600,000 tons per year, average grade 3.35g/t, 90 per cent recovery rate, 10 per cent impoverishment rate; 200,000 tons per year, average grade 5.11g/t, 90 per cent recovery rate,
The cost of inter-basin mining announced in Elado in the year was US$ 970 per ounce, assuming that the gold price would remain at US$ 1,200 per ounce, with a net profit of US$ 76 million in 2018 and US$ 121 million in 2019, respectively.
The Blue Dragon Mountain gold ore and the fine Crystal Trench gold ore are at a detailed stage, with 2,390.33 kg of gold ore and 3.88g/t on average; a further 231.73 kg of low grade gold ore and an average of 1.67g/t on average; 9,961 kg of gold ore and an average of 7.30g/t on average; and 8,965 kg of silver ore with an average grade of 6.44g/t on average.
The mine is still in the survey phase. Although the right to prospecting in the Great Zaydan mining industry in Qinghai is in force, the company has submitted an extension application that meets reasonable procedural requirements and does not have any substantive obstacles.
As at 31 December 2016, 28,707 kg of gold metal remained in the mining area, with an average grade of 4.49g/t. The five prospecting areas covered 74.9 square kilometres.
Gold gold mine, with relatively stable mining conditions, with annual company reports showing gold production of 56265 ounces in 2016 at a cost of $731 per ounce at a full cost of $773 per ounce.
This decline is due mainly to management problems over the last two years. The company expects that, after the transfer of Silver-Thai resources, the mines will be selected for grade and selection. Table 8: Mining rights held by the Jilin Temple; Table 9: prospecting rights held by the Jilin Temple
III. Prudent optimism about gold prices, the maintenance of high zinc prices (i) the increase in uncertainty, cautious optimism about gold prices, the strength of the United States dollar, which determines the long-term trend in gold, and the evolution of the international political and economic situation, which influences the short-term movement of gold.
In November 2014, the Fed began to exit quantitative easing, and the Fed’s long-term rate of return on public debt continued to decline. In general, tight currency conditions could trigger a fall in the price of public debt and a rise in the rate of return.
In 2017, Europe will approach the election year, with policy uncertainty and political party rotation that will boost the need for gold to escape. Trump’s protectionist policies may lead to an escalation of global trade disputes, so we believe that global politics and economics in 2017 will be the best way to achieve the goal.
There is still uncertainty, and risk avoidance supports gold. Figure 6: Gold prices versus the dollar, Figure 7: Short-term public debt yields surged
(ii) Gaps in supply and demand in the zinc market, with prices remaining high at 1, 2017-2018, production from mines remaining difficult to recover to 2014 levels, the zinc concentrate market remaining strained, and zinc concentrate in 2017, with increases mainly from the release of former production capacity and some small mines
On the foreign side, the largest increase in output in 2017 was in the mines under the flag of the Peruvian mines and the Indian company Vedanta, which, together with some price-stimulated resumptions and increases, are expected to produce 500,000 tons more in 2017; on the domestic side, under environmental stress, some small mines have not returned on schedule, and new mining can be released less than expected, with a projected national zinc production in 2017.
In 2017, there was an increase of about 600,000 tons of zinc concentrate, both domestic and foreign. In 2018, there were more releases from new mines, with two major mines coming into production: the Gamsberg mine in Wedanta, in South Africa, with a capacity of 250,000 tons per year, and the Dugaldriver mine in Australia, with a capacity of 170,000 tons per year.
There are relatively small mines, the Reydeplata, the Sindesarkhurd and the thalanga, which together produce 500,000 tons of capacity, all of which have been in operation for the second half of the year and which in 2018, given the efficiency of new mining operations, are still not returning to their highest levels in 2014.
The global market for zinc concentrates began to run into a shortage in 2015 and is further exacerbated in 2016, but the market is entering a real shortage as a result of the accumulation of large stocks of zinc concentrates in excess supply in previous years, the global market for zinc concentrates in 2015-2016 is in a state of de-stocking, and the stock of zinc concentrates was largely depleted in early 2017.
Global zinc consumption continued to grow, and United States zinc consumption began to recover in 2017, and Trump came to power and, given capital investment, United States zinc consumption will continue to grow better.
Cost, so the contribution to global growth is around 3%. Second, South Korea and India, both of which account for about 5% of consumption, and India, where zinc demand is growing rapidly, which is behind zinc consumption, mainly in infrastructure, where zinc plating accounts for about 75% of the entire zinc consumption in India, well above the world average, has not yet been released.
Indian zinc consumption is expected to grow rapidly in the future and is expected to grow by 7% this year. And in some European countries, zinc consumption per country is not very large, mainly in the automobile and infrastructure industries, and is generally a small upward trend, with a projected increase in the supply and demand gap in the markets for zinc3 and zinc, which supports the high cost of zinc.
Zinc prices in 2016 emerged from the unilateral rise in the logic of the scarcity of zinc concentrates, which was gradually narrowing in 2017, transitioning to a shortage of zinc in 2017-2018, widening the gap in zinc in 2017-2018, and supporting zinc prices, assuming that zinc prices will continue to be high, with the national annual average price of zinc expected to be above 2000 yuan per tonne per year in 2017.
(i) Sub-plate profit measurement, taking into account that the large rig works will be operational by the beginning of 2018, with production capacity of 1.3 million tonnes/year, and the company ' s silver lead and zinc production of 300 million tonnes, 530 million and 740 million tonnes, respectively.
(ii) Valuation and investment ratings are expected to be higher than expected in the future, given the fact that the company has not completed this acquisition, and if the impact of this acquisition on the company ' s future performance is not taken into account, it is public-based
For valuation, the relative valuation of the pe was used, and after the acquisition had been completed, the company owner had not completed the first, the rigging project had not started on time; and the price of lead and zinc had fallen significantly.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Science and Engineering in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lille, France, rubber, titanium powder, new materials, composite fertilizer, civilian explosives, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence.