• Improved performance of the 23q1 e-Secret (300782), accelerated transfer of Fab-lite R & D, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Companies published a first-quarter report in 2023: in the first quarter of 2023, companies achieved revenues of $710 million, improved performance times, and sustained increases in R & D costs. In the first quarter of 2023: 1) harvests, companies achieved revenues of $710 million, 46.5 per cent lower than in the same year, and the ring grew by 7.7 per cent. 2) At the profit end, companies achieved a net return.
The Xerox project is progressing beyond expectations, turning its own production linefables into fab-lite, perfecting the radio frequency saw filter crystallization and radio frequency module sealing capacity. Since 2020, the company has continued to increase its input into the resource platform in the front end of the radio frequency, and is now well under way to build a core semiconductor industrialization project, and the company has completed the Fab-lite model.
. As of 23q1, self-produced saw filters and high-performance filters have entered the full-scale production phase, and dual and quadrants have been extended to customers and are expected to continue to evolve. Products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules integrated into home-grown filters have been imported through brand customers.
It is expected that companies will build on their own experience in the field of radio frequency to expand their investment in building other product patterns and build on long-term competitive advantages, with the expectation that in the future, the radio frequency industry will accelerate the process of shuffling cards, with cost and R&D advantages.
The company launch-end module is expected to start. The filter dominates the high-end receiving and launch-end module, so that the high-end module will have to focus on the layout product for the step-by-step. Yole expects the market size of the ipd and saw filters to total $5.93 billion in 2025, compared to the current national production rate of only about 3%, and the successful production of the company core-line filter is expected.
As of 2023q1, the company launch module applied to l-pamif in the 5gnr band. With the perfect layout of the two core devices, the company is expected to eat more of the translucency frequency market.
To the company’s ability to upgrade and accelerate research and development after its transformation to fab-lite, the company’s profile at l-pamid, and the company’s potential for further consolidation after accelerated shuffling in the future industry, we give the company the risk of progress or failure to meet expectations.
One core of the production line has advanced beyond expectations, and the radio frequency tap has accelerated and improved the layout.
• Research, development and marketing, mainly to the market, of radio front end separation devices and various array products (including radio frequency switches, radio frequency low noise amplifiers, radio frequency filters, radio frequency power amplifiers, etc.), as well as networked chip products (including low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips, etc.). The company front end separation devices and radio frequency module products are mainly used on smart phones (Andres millers),
Intelligent wear, telecommunications base station, auto electrons, drones, bluetooth headphones and network equipment requiring wireless connections: low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips are mainly used for electronic products such as smart homes, wearable devices, etc. The company’s radio-frequency front-end chips are widely accepted by clients and have successfully covered Samsung, Mi, Hua, vivo, opo, association, Trinity, Manchus, etc.
The company is a complete front end of the radio frequency, with some products leading the country and technical barriers. For many years, it has cultivated and accumulated in the front end of the radio frequency, continued research and development of new products, growing product lines, and corporate product coverage lf
The company is in the lead domestically in the field of radio frequency separation devices for smartphones, radio frequency switches, radio low-noise amplifiers and antenna switches, and has the ability to compete with first-class companies; the company takes the lead domestically in receiving end-frequency arrays and partially receiving end-frequency module products.
In addition, the company is one of the world’s leading players in launching and using the 12-inch 65nmrfsoi process crystallization, producing high-performance antenna switch chips, and 5g communication sub-6ghz high-frequency (HF) and radio frequency (RF) model products. The company has achieved low-frequency radiomagnifier products by means of an integrated integrated radio frequency switch based on the lfcmos process.
The company is now moving to the fab-lite model, using the Fables business model. The Fables model is a domestic launch model.
Common production patterns of frequency companies. Designed under the Fabless model.ic, crystal circle manufacture, sealing, etc., by specialized firms, concentrating the company's resources on integrated circuit R & D and sales, outsourcing the crystal circle manufacturing and sealing testing to the respective sub-plants, reducing the company's expenditure on production plant and equipment, and better pooling of financial resources
At present, the transformation of fab-lite is becoming a choice for many domestic radio-frequency manufacturers. In the event of an epidemic and global uncertainty, many national production-capabless companies are experiencing problems with upstream crystals or containment capacity limitations. At the same time, since radio frequency design needs to be combined with upstream crystal-crystal manufacturing and containment processes, the surrogate model is often inadequate.
Growing up and matching, coupled with a high price competition among domestic radio-frequency manufacturers and limited pricing space, self-built lines can help to improve the combination of design and process while reducing the cost. In addition to working with existing surrogates, we are now starting to build our own filtration line, which is expected to lead to vertical integration of RF filter products in the next reporting period.
The success will turn to the Fab-lite business model. Figure 2: Corporate access to the Fab-lite business model map. The company's high-end filter project, and the chip semiconductor industrialization project, are moving in an orderly fashion.
It adopted a bill on the progress of fund-raising projects for specific target audiences, which optimizes the construction of the “high-end radio filter chips and modular R & D” and “5g base station R & D and industrialization projects” production lines for self-building and accelerated implementation of the fund-raising projects. As of 2023q1, the company had moved from a fungs to a Fab-lite business model through self-building.
Crawling lines further consolidate supply chain control by involving companies in chip design, process manufacturing, and sealing testing of key products. By building the exclusive production capacity of filter products, ensuring a stable supply of production and increasing the efficiency, cost, quality and performance control of key products.
In addition, the company’s 12-inch ipd filter product has completed the process flow line and product-level certification into the small batch production phase. Corporate management is stable over the years, which is conducive to the company’s long-term stability.
Mr. Xu Zhihan, Director, Deputy Managing Director, Mr. Fengchenhui, Secretary of the Board of Directors, and Mr. Tangzhuang, Director and Deputy Managing Director, are also acting in concert. As of 2023q1, three persons held 21.89 per cent of the total direct shares. Three persons have been able to accompany the company since its inception, and the management of the company has been solid and stock-bearing since its inception.
A degree, with the experience of well-known chip designers in the country and abroad, will facilitate decisions consistent with the company’s long-term interests, along with excellent technical skills and extensive product development experience, which will have a positive impact on the firm’s steady operation and healthy development. The company’s subsidiaries include the integrated circuit industry of Hong Kong, China, China, China, China, and China.
For three years in a row, companies have implemented equity incentives for middle-level managers, technical cadres, and business cadres.
The company’s main operations include radio frequency separation devices and radio frequency module products, which include radio frequency switches, radio frequency low noise amplifiers, etc., and module products at receiving end (lfem, linabank, difem)
(b) Wififem products, which, in 2022, accounted for 3.68 billion yuan, or 20.6 per cent of the year; in particular, the radio frequency separation unit earned $24.7 per cent, or 25.7 per cent of the year, representing 67.7 per cent of the company ' s operating income, and contributed to the company ' s main revenue collection;
The FMT achieved operating income of RMB 1,120 million, corresponding to -6.7 per cent, or 30.4 per cent of the company ' s operating income; the other 70 million yuan, with Māori for radio frequency separation devices at 53.3 per cent in major operations, down 2.3 pp in the same year, and M$ 1.3 billion in the same year. The company ' s Māori rate declined slightly, mainly as a result of the product structure; and the R&D cost rate rose.
In the first quarter of 2023, cash flows from corporate operations amounted to $530 million, an increase of 135.7 per cent over the same period. Assuming that 1: with regard to radio frequency separation devices, the future switch, the Lina market are expected to be stable, and the company is expected to maintain the market advantage of radio frequency separation devices products, such as switches and Ina.
The annual mobile phone market will recover mildly, assuming that the RFID product will earn +15 per cent/+20 per cent/+15 per cent in 2023-2025, and assuming that: with regard to the radio frequency module, the company will continue to focus on the iterative and performance upgrade of the receiving end-module product and will continue to refine the launch end-of-module product, which is expected to be achieved in the future from low-end filters to high-end filters, low-end pa to high-end pa, receiving end-to-end
The complete layout of the end of the launch, the size of the collection and the city’s share have increased significantly. Moreover, the gross rate of interest is expected to rise as a result of the company’s layout launch end module, and the product price will drop somewhat as the product roll-out time moves. We believe that the company’s Māori rate will be reduced somewhat, but it is expected that the Māori rate will increase as long-term core-line capacity rises.
Assumption 3: Future Filters and Pa Modules will give priority to modeling. On the basis of these assumptions, we predict the Māori rate of sub-operational income of companies for 2023-2025 as follows:
Upgraded and accelerated R & D, company deployment at l-Pamid, and future accelerated shuffling in the industry are expected to result in less than expected R & D, increased domestic competition, slow technological development, ongoing construction and production progress or less than anticipated.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.