The Empire began to expand into the Kaiserian family appliances/white household appliances at depths of Heir thinkers (600,690.sh) and led the high-end household electricity industry with the arrival of the Casatian dissidents.
On December 23, 2019, the country’s foreign investment became a hegemonic and branded road, driven by industry elements, brand moats, and marginal growth. What are the industry factors that have led to the rise of its high-end electricity markets?
Cao Xuant has high consumer elasticity, which is the cornerstone of high-end marketing. The highest/lowest income group spends 10 times more on household electricity than on total consumption.
Qin Qin’s awareness of the new Chinese concept is driving up high-end development. New middle-borns prefer high-priced, high-end household electricity quality. 18 years of high-end domestic electricity will be 75-82%, 24-41 pct, higher-end household electricity retailing share.
What has been achieved by the moats that have been forged on the Emperor’s path? The product is inventive, wide-ranging, and well-structured. There are hard-core cracks in freely embedded, two-barrel partition washing machines, etc., and there is an emphasis on overlap and design; and there is a wide-scale layout, a matrix of specifications, and detailed configuration.
In Etohael, the channel strength is overwhelming. The doors have broken 8,000, the entrance is diversified, the entire supply chain is fast, and the current effect is not comparable.
In the past, which marginal increases have helped to expand Casat’s territory? The audience, technology, and artistic drive, with high-end white power for 18 years, 6407 billion yuan, and a breakthrough for 21 years.
Ice washing is powerful, with a high price range. After the Westgate price has fallen, there will be no competition for three to five years; Air-cooking increment, with over 40 billion people at the top, the whole house and air-conditioning strategy expanded to cover and deep-deep edged breakthroughs at the top. Quick supply chain upgrades. Ice-washing high-end output release; seven-star standard service deepened; high channels.
Māori has taken the initiative; lower costs during the pre-channel period are expected to boost profit optimization. Investment strategy: with the expansion of high-end home power, ice washing leads to profits, the growth of the low-level base of empty cooks is expected to accelerate, judging that Casati received $22.54 billion in 23 years, with net profit of $3.74 billion after tax.
The Heil Jiqian Quarterly Review: Optimizing Foreign Stability for In-depth Research: The Age of Enterprises 2019-08-14
Kassati - the leader of the Chinese high-end home-brand brand, Casaté, the foreign-arming foreign-brand-led industry. Since around 2015, Casaté, under the Heir flag, has been gaining visibility in the consumer-oriented circles of high-end home-owned electronics markets.
By 2018, Kassati’s share in the electricity market was 42.7%. Liximenko, Matsumoto, and so on, has made the upper-end brand the emperor. For this top-end brand, created by Haile at a drop in the mainland in 2006, what are the industry’s elements that have led to the rise of its high-end electricity market?
Which moats have been forged on the path of the Emperor, and what have been the achievements of the past, which marginal increases will help Cassatine expand its territory?
And for the deeper logic of Heir's mind as a whole, see our previous corporate in-depth report, The Age of Business Creation. Casasarte, one of the seven largest brands under the Heir flag, is now the most significant.
Li, “Arts of the family.” Of the seven brands under the Heir flag, Kassati, Haile, and Commander-in-Chief are located in the lower end of the high school electricity market. Of these, Camp Cassatian grew by 44% in 2018 to the top seven brands, becoming the most powerful, potentially wide-ranging and profitable brand in recent years.
Bubbles represent the size of the harvest: 2) Fiji and Candy refer to the price of cooking electricity, which is only indicative of Cassarty’s recent high rate of growth, with the main camp structure moving from ice-washing cores to empty-cooking diversification.
High speed: Kassarty received $5.8 billion in 2018, with 41% and 44% of the speeds in 2017 and 2018, and with the establishment of brand visibility around 2015, he has entered a high-growth phase. The main structure of the camp: its product structure is dominated by refrigerators and washing machines.
With 49.5 per cent and 36 per cent, respectively, of air conditioners, and about 6 per cent of the rest of them are cooks and heaters. With their diversified layout in the field of empty kitchens, the weight of air conditioners and cooking power in the main camp continues to grow, with air conditioners estimated to be 10 per cent, air-cooked heat and share 21 per cent, an increase of 9.5 pt over 17 years.
Competitive position: by 2018, Kassati ' s share in the household electricity market was 42.7 per cent, compared to the cumulative 1w+market share of refrigerators, 40.6 per cent of washing machines, 76.8 per cent of washing machines, air conditioners, 1w+, in the face of Casaté ' s excellent report card, the hot spot for its research was the moat of high-end brand leaders and their stability.
As a result, we moved on from three dimensions: industry factors, brand moats, marginal increases, etc. 2. Industry factors: high-end household power rises are driven by market trends and, with rapid economic growth, the country has gradually moved from an early phase of household electricity penetration to an upturn in product consumption, which is home-grown.
The process of moving from popular positioning to high-end segmentation. The basis for the existence and growth of high-end brands is reflected in industry trends at this stage, such as the marketing base, the expansion of audience size, and the shift in consumption habits. 2.1 Marketing base: the high consumer elasticity of household power is the cornerstone of high-end markets.
Consumption expenditure is used as a comparative tool for different income households. Before 2012, the National Statistical Office divided residence into top income households (10%), higher income households (10%), upper middle income (20%), middle income (20%), lower middle income (20%), lower income households (10%)
Seven groups, such as the lowest-income households (10%), examine their disposable income, consumption cash expenditure, etc., and break down consumption spending on consumer durables, or household electricity. It is worth mentioning that after 2013, the Statistical Office changed the income classification and moved away from spending on consumer durables, so the most recent data used is 2012.
In 2012, the highest-income households spent $1195.8 on consumer durables, while the lowest-income households spent only $111.4 for the same period. More importantly, the share of consumer durables in total consumption increased, with the lowest group spending rising by 1.6 per cent.
It is clear that household electricity consumption is a high-end consumption trend in the group of products that are more productive than household consumption. Horizontal comparisons between different types of consumption are extremely flexible, with large differences in consumption habits between groups of people.
Overall, the total consumption cash expenditure of the highest-income households is 5.2 times that of the lowest group, a multiplier of which can be used as a benchmark for the differences in consumption between the different income groups.
More than 10 times the maximum/minimum spending on consumer durables, exceeding 5.2 times the total benchmark, with very high consumer elasticity, second only to certainty.
This means that the high-income population is strongly tilted toward household electricity consumption. Household electricity has a high-end marketing behavioral base, on the one hand, and a high-income population with a medium- and low-level view of household electricity consumption, on the other.
But, on the other hand, vertically, with economic development, the differences in consumption between the different levels of durable consumer goods are gradually shrinking. Many times, the sustained improvement in the population’s economy has led to changes in consumption behaviour.
Between shifts/total expenditures have risen, the share of durable consumption has risen, while the share of high-income people in durable consumption has led to a doubling of the data, on the other hand, because the economy has grown faster than the rate of consumption of durable goods. Total consumption spending has increased faster than the average price of electricity per household, proving that household electricity has been rising slower than the population’s economic growth.
The overall consumption rate of households per household is generally higher than the average price of household electricity. In the period 2006-2012, the consumption rate of household electricity, which was limited by quantities, was insufficient, leading to a relative decline in the share of consumption.
The more defined “one-to-one-house” restrictions (except air conditioning) and the limited increase in average prices have led to an increase in household electricity consumption at a significantly lower rate than household economic growth, which in turn has led to a decline in the proportion of households with high-end incomes with long-lasting consumption. Thus, the lower proportion of households with high-end incomes with long-lasting consumption does not mean the investment in and focus on household electricity.
The decline is more due to the slow upgrading of generic home-based brands/price brackets, which are lagging behind the potential for household electricity, in the case of higher-income groups, to the potential excesses of household electricity consumption. To judge further, high consumption elasticities based on the fact that household electricity is much higher than other types of consumption, such as market presence.
Technology, brand power (luxury attributes), and service experience of recognized high-end home appliances, high-income groups will have enough potential consumer spending space to cover their product premiums. Just as apples are on mobile phones, Dyson is on vacuum cleaners, there is a high-end consumption tendency in the home electricity market for high-end brands to survive and grow.
It's the marketing behavioral base of Casati. 2.2 The audience has grown considerably: high-income double-dimensional growth has grown in fertile ground for high-end home appliances, which are represented by Casati, and their location determines the segmented audience that is covered.
In the long term, Casat products will not be suitable for low-income groups, and even for consumption in the middle class, with a low probability of consumption, and a direct core audience, the country’s high-income population. At a time of rapid economic growth, high end-of-end electricity audiences tend to grow in certainty in terms of both group size and consumption capacity.
The share of the country’s high-income groups is growing steadily, with a wide space for direct and potential audiences of high-end household electricity. The annual household income of over $35,000 is 7.8%, the renminbi is about $240,000, and it is higher in 10 years.
Taking into account the exchange rate and cpi, China’s real purchasing power of $35,000 should be lower than the US dollar of $200,000, the former’s theory being broader for the population. Thus, with further economic development and wealth distribution, it is judged that more than $35,000 households in China should have a stable share of more than 13%, with ample room for higher-income populations to rise.
From two dimensions of investable assets and total assets, there is an expansion in the size of investable capital; and for upper-middle- and upper-end rich people with a total of more than 10 million assets, the 2017 rule is that the size of the super-high pyramid and the high-end population expands at a rate of more than 10%.
For information, China has a large difference in the definition of Chinese and its statistical points, starting with a more demanding target audience, and we have selected the size of the middle class (some of which are middle-born and above).
Under a broad standard of US$ 146,000, China's median output is over 22 per cent; while the equivalent of US$ 1.08 million per annum per person with a strict standard of eiu, or more than 50 per cent of the sum of US$ 100 million per year, after the removal of basic expenses, is freely available and more than 300,000 per line of income and more than 200,000 in other cities, the result is about 10 per cent of the population.
At the same time, agencies forecast that China’s middle class will be more than 35% in the long term, with a large potential audience for high-end brands. In another dimension, the consumption capacity of rich people continues to grow further, adding to their high-end branding material, and the wealth of high-income groups continues to be concentrated.
The group’s disposable income as a proportion of the country’s total disposable income has continued to rise in recent years, and the material base of high-end home brands since 2015 has increased the probability of high-end brands being consumed. Taken together, the proportion of the population at the top, top, middle, and high-end levels of our income has continued to expand, widening.
End-user brands have a direct audience and potential audience range; while high-income groups continue to grow their consumer capacity, moving forward to upgrade their material base for choosing high-end products, increasing the probability of high-end branding consumption. Both contribute to the expansion of high-end product consumption in both dimensions of scope and strength.
The shift in the perception of electricity consumption has had a direct impact on the development of high-end brand markets. 2.3 The shift in the concept: a shift in the perception of high-consumption groups has created an opportunity for high-end demand to awaken.
Household electricity has high consumption elasticity in different income segments, and there are significant differences in household consumption perceptions. So, in this subsection, we look at the shift in the perception of household electricity consumption among the middle- and upper-level population, based mainly on the “new middle-income” population defined by Hu Yu.
For the average annual household income of 650,000 yuan, the household disposable income of 500,000 yuan, the average age of 35 years for young and middle-aged persons, and 94 per cent of married persons, the total number of “new middle-income” is currently between 20 and 30 million. Overall, the new middle-income population uses brand names, giving preference to high-priced and high-quality products.
77.1% of the population in the new middle economy prefers “high-quality” products, with lower price sensitivity and a high degree of recognition for “high-quality, high-priced products.” 78.3% have a high degree of loyalty to brands, and 77.3% consider brands to be a symbol of themselves.
Favourism has a high positive impact on high-end home brands, which create high-end, light-luxury brands. At the same time, 42% of the new middle-class consumer-type attributes value the enjoyment of leisure, and 38% of the high-end, oral, branding brands are brand-cognitive, and it is good to create high-end brands in the consumer-view.
Specifically, in the area of consumption, there is a high level of interest in home electricity consumption, and there is a high incidence of purchasing and replacing household electricity. The focus on household electricity consumption in the new sector is in the fields of Top7, with a 42.8 per cent focus, as reflected in the high frequency (HF) rate of purchasing/replacement of household electricity, with 33 per cent-46 per cent of all types of electricity purchased/replaced within two years.
To the extent that the demand for electricity is higher, the new medium is more demanding in terms of technology and innovation, human experience, quality after sale, fashion art design, etc. The new medium places emphasis on the four products in order of 23%, 20%, 15%, 13%, and pursues the high-end properties of the household ' s electricity products: innovation, experience, design, quality of service, etc.
The dominant view of emerging middle-class groups provides a market basis for high-quality home-based brands to build protected rivers. The specific breakdown of “high-end home-based” consumption has a strong focus on quality, with its purchasing motivation and expected target attributes.
In addition to the need for traditional renewals, renovations, marriage, etc., the promotion of quality of life has become the most important purchasing motive, as shown in the previous survey in 2017, where the proportion of people buying high-end household electricity for the purpose of “improvement of quality of life” was as high as 69.9 per cent.
One group has become the leading label for high-end household electricity consumers, accounting for 71% of the total. In addition, the search for identity and proof of power through high-end products has become a major motive.
The most important attributes of the new concept of household electricity consumption have been diluted, and the traditional concept of energy conservation and environmental protection has been gradually reduced. At the same time, there has been a significant increase in the share of online purchases of high-end home power purchase channels, compared to 5.7% in 2009, and 28% in 2018, where diversified channels are becoming consumption trends for high-end household power.
End-of-life consumers refer to first-line cities and other cities with a monthly disposable income of $30,000 and 15,000, respectively, and it is evident that the concept of home-based electricity consumption, represented by the new medium, is moving towards high-quality, high-priced high-end brands, upgrading life quality as the central purpose of purchasing high-end home-based electricity and, in turn, as a screening standard for high-end home brands.
High-quality products are also a precondition for high-priced household electricity purchases by high-income groups. The growth of the high-end branding market has been accompanied by the gradual orientation and alignment of high-end products with audience demands, thus contributing to the expansion of the high-end market size.
The willingness to purchase high-end household electricity is rapidly increasing and further upgrading. 17 years of willingness to buy compared to 18 years, 17 years of willingness to buy high-end refrigerators, washing machines, televisions, dishwashers, etc. 37-47%, and 18 years of willingness to purchase the corresponding high-end products
At the same time, there has been an increase in the defined prices of high-end household electricity, with different levels of price bands such as refrigerators, televisions, dishwashers, etc., which, while having an impact on the caliber of the survey, are also evidence of a rapid increase in the market's willingness to pay high-end prices over a period of two years, which is associated with a gradual deepening of market education for high-end domestic appliances, as well.
Indirectly, it is not entirely consistent with the price segments of the 2018 product survey for high-end brands, further mentioned in the 2018 high-end product price paragraph, which shows an upward trend in the share of high-end household electricity retailing in the year.
Compared with the change in the share at the end of each household electrical class, by the end of the 16th year 9,000+ Refrigerator, 7,000+ Air Conditioners, 5,500+ Laundry Machines were the highest price bands for each product, with the share at the top rising from the beginning of the comparable year to 16 years, with the share at the top increasing by 3.9 pct, 2 pct and 3.1 pct, respectively.
Since 17 years ago, the top-top share has been too large to be analysed in detail, and the middle-Iekon adjustment has broken down the white top price segment, with the new highest price bands divided into 11,000+ Refrigerator, 10800+ Air Conditioners and 6500+ Laundry Machines, at 17 and Figure 25: Retail share of top-end electric power has continued to rise.
In January, the price of $9,000 plus the price of $11,000 plus after January 17, the current market for new high-end items in 2019 was high. According to Ovie, the new high-end refrigerators were launched in 19 at 26.3% of the total refrigerators market, while the new high-end washing machines were in the total stock.
This is a marginal proof that the layout of high-end products in the new home electricity market is being considerably strengthened, and that the high-end market is about to break out. In the context of the marginal rise, the high-end home power market is expected to grow rapidly.
The White Paper on Trends predicts that the size of high end and ultra-high end markets in 2020 will be increasing at a higher rate than in 2018, with the three high end sizes of ice-washing units ranging from 43.3 per cent, 41.8 per cent and 20.3 per cent, and the ultra-high end speed points.
The learning base; and the expansion of income groups and their increased consumption capacity as a result of economic growth have become the market base for high-end household electricity growth: along with market education and awareness, high-end branding has led to the convergence of household power with higher-income populations, consumption ideas, and, ultimately, the substantial expansion of the high-end domestic electricity market in recent years.
Under this trend, Casati, as a leader and a break-down leader in the high-end electricity market, has benefited profoundly from this phase of industrial upgrading dividends, and, conversely, its strategic layout on the brand path has profoundly influenced the high-end domestic electricity market and achieved its own empire.
3. Brand moats: The product branding channel, the Trinity, has been in the empire for 13 years since its establishment in early 2006, and the Chinese high-end domestic electricity market has been transformed from micro-end to high-speed growth, while competition patterns have made it possible to build a home-grown market led by Casati from foreign capital.
The kasati brand path, led by Hale’s forward-looking high-end layout, has been built up over the last 10 years of continuous investment and accumulation, and eventually over the last two or three years, has broken through the patterns inherent in foreign brands holding high-end markets, and has been shaped on product technology, brand image, and channel layouts by their own separate dragonhead moats.
During the period of Kassarty's brand development, the country's high-end home-power market players were divided into three main groups: foreign brands, new foreign brands and home-grown brands.
The main members are Siemens of the German family, Bosch (the two were acquired in 2014, and are known as Bosibsh), Matsumoto, Samsung, lg, Sharp, Sony of the Japanese-Korean family, and other Euro-Americans.
New entry is a long-term concept as opposed to high-end markets, which refers to brands that enter the domestic market in the wake of the initial awakening of China’s high-end home appliances around mid-2010s.
Domestic branding. In addition to Haile's all-embracing brand, the beauty also created Vandillo.
A single high-end brand, such as a refrigerator, a Beverly clothing machine, has been further developed by the end of 2018 to compete for a high-end market by the United States, owing to the lack of an overall build-up effect due to the restrictions and push of the single one.
3.1 Product technology: hard nuclear innovation + full layout depth and breadth together build the top advantage 3.1.1 hard nuclear change leads to border breakthrough designs that guarantee upgrades; hard nuclear innovation changes that continue to build scale breakthroughs, and new products that exploit potential demand lead the tide.
In several cases, the uniqueness and pioneering nature of innovation has been demonstrated by the continued strong push for product change: the creation of free-into-resort refrigerators, demand-infused product innovation from cabinets, and industry standards. Questions have arisen before when refrigerators were to be embedded in cabinets: 1) refrigerators are much thicker than cabinet depths, resulting in boxes being visible
(ii) difficulties in opening the door directly after embedding, causing damage to the door and the cabinet; and (3) difficulties in spreading the refrigerator after embedding into the cabinet, which requires 10 cm gaping on top of the box, seriously affecting the design beauty.
As the product breaks, Cassarty's pioneering innovation products are accepted in reverse, free-into-ice boxes become new refrigerators that have been certified and issued by the Chinese Standardization Association. The product standard is " China "
Kassati moves from demand-drawn to innovation, and further pushes it. According to Ovi Clouds, 29% of the free-into-place products in the market of the high end refrigerators in October 19 were broken down, as can be seen from kasati’s breakthrough in technology leading to industrial change.
Figure 30: Share of free embedding products in the current stage of the high end market (2019.10) Figure 29: Casati Free Embedded Refrigerator Displays Double-barrel Distribution Laundries, Addressing the Pain Point of Separation of House Laundries, Breaking the Dual-Fire Balanced Technology Lead Industry.
The potential pains of laundry in the home are: hygiene problems for young children and adult clothes, dye problems for dark, light-coloured clothes, hygiene problems for lingerie, socks and finished clothes.
Since the launch of the Twin Clouds series in 2014, with the continued innovation of the product breakdown, Casati has now reached eight two-window partition washing machines.
The 8kg/13kg formula, which breaks through the core technology of the two-barrel balance, uses the Fiji direct-drive frequency machine, ensures the stability and noise reduction of the electric power, tops and downs of the stand-alone power set, and allows single-barrel washing. The product upgrades are further melted into innovative features such as baking, airwashing, etc., to achieve its high-end orientation.
As a result of the innovation of the two-barrel partition washing machine, which has brought new solutions to home washing, the following five years have been characterized by high rates of growth, up to 120,000 in 2018 and nearly 30% of industry sales, with excellent performance in the market for high-end washing machines.
Broad: while the actual share of retail sales of multi-barrel washing machines in the 19h1 Kasati subdistrict is as high as 77.3%. Under the technical barriers, there are far more innovative technologies for the hard nuclear transformation of Casati:
In addition to the two-barrel partition washing machine, Cassarty's "two-tech" is a "custody winding" by means of a separate two-cycle wind system with two-barrel air conditioners:
Two-screen refrigerators on the Internet provide cell-level fresh storage management through msa control of oxygen and combine the ai technology “pipe” with the creation of a “brush-washer” that can be perfectly embedded in the cabinet and, on that basis, the “broom-washing” of the above-mentioned breakthroughs is full, and the original capability is limited to reporting space without further development.
To a certain extent, Cassarty’s product technology is representing the boundaries of domestic electricity in the market, especially ice-washing products, and one inch of it is a breakthrough. And that is exactly what Cassarty’s high-end product stands for.
The Emperor's emphasis on product rotation upgrades, such as the Lando refrigerators, cloud washing machines, sky seal air conditioners, etc. The introduction of the first-generation concept has led to the continuous introduction of two generation-to-generation three-generation/extended products that enhance the market impact of core products and their ability to generate income, as the Apple Group has done with iphone intergenerational upgrades to enhance product technology heat and orientation.
The product and brand HF received an international award and the ability to design innovations was widely recognized. Since the first edition of Casatian products in 2006, all of Casat's new products have received international awards for high-gold design in domestic and domestic electricity, and Casat's brand as a whole has won many awards for innovation, especially after 2015.
In 14 cases a single year, the brand’s influence is beginning to grow. It is proof that Casati has continued to innovate in deep design and has gained wide international recognition, while also continuously upgrading his high-end brand image.
Three dimensions of innovation, ensuring that technology is at the forefront of home power, creating new products by tapping potential demand, and leading the direction of the entire high-end home power market. Product technology innovation has become a fundamental moat for Casati’s stable high-end market seat.
3.1.2 High-end whole-class layouts achieve a single-faced combination that meets the technical depth of the product, while Casati has a wide-scale layout of the high-end market for everyone's full-power class. In contrast to his high-end brands, Cassarty products cover ice-washing, wine cabinets, ice bar, television, water heaters, cooking power, etc.
The nine major product categories, such as household electricity, are the most comprehensive brands in the current high-end markets that cover everyone's electricity, and the multiplicity of products, which have a combined effect on their brand power, ensure their full enjoyment of the high-end market growth dividend and provide the basis for their model innovation for marketing and promotion.
Catalytic products form a variety of styles based on different design elements, leading to a simple, modern, simple, Euro-style, elegant, and other style series, with multiple product combinations in the series, which allow consumers to choose between them.
Figure 33: Cassarty's part of the high-end smart-house series, four full package packages plus multi-package package marketing, adapted to different needs.
A marketing model with a full complement of four full-size packages of taste, style, elegance, fashion, etc. Electricity requirements, coupled with small-scale baskets in a variety of settings, to achieve a dotted coverage, dig deep, and figure 35: Casati buys a set of different groups of items
The whole package has grown in combination with core ice-washing products, such as air-conditioned cooking and electricity. The whole package has grown by 50 per cent annually, with a 200 per cent increase in 2018; the air-conditioning has grown by 60 per cent in 2018 and by 2019, with a further 120 per cent increase in the previous three quarters, thanks to the chain of command and the extension of the product.
3.1.3 The details of high-end product specification matrixing are fully covered in the top-end markets of specific product groups, with a full specification matrix coverage density that is much higher than that of other high-end brands.
In the 1.2w+ high-end refrigerator market, Casat's total number exceeds the sum of the competitors Siemens, Bozo, aeg, colmo, and their door-type structure.
Full coverage in volume and width makes it easier to meet the current market ' s diversification needs for high-end embedded, t-door, multi-door, open-to-open and even emerging free-inline products. Figure 36: High-end brand 1.2w+ Refrigerator layout (section)
Figure 37: Refrigerator layout of different door structures of high-end brands Figure 38: Different-volume refrigerator layout of high-end brands Figure 39: Different-wide refrigerator layout of high-end brands
The high-end market layout of the washing machine is equally complete. The Kasati washing machine has reached 18 units above 1.2w, which also exceeds the competitive combination of Siemens, Bosch, aeg, colmo.
The exclusive representative product requirement for the high end home power market is exclusive and has a higher density of coverage on the relatively high-level dryers, over 600 mm width, over 10 kg volume, etc., to meet the diverse needs of the high end population.
Figure 44: The layout of the various dry-cleaning types of high-end brands has achieved the depth, breadth and detail of product technology through the powerful transformational innovation and full-scale layout of Casati.
The technological advantage of the product becomes the first cornerstone of Casati’s high-end moat. 3.2 Brand positioning: promotion + high-price anchoring of the thin-haired brand, branding and membership activities combine to create a high-end image.
Branding activities: Since 2014, Casati has been working on high-end themes, and over a five-year period has seen the launch of more than 26 launches in combination with various elements such as art, food, family, life, festivals, health, cooking, fashion, etc.
A wide range of activities, with nearly 70 top kol invited according to elemental properties, covering a wide range of industries such as experts in the field, stars, artists, and designers in the various fields, further enhancing their visibility and influence through celebrity effects, and increasing their warmness through healthy ways such as family marathons.
Membership activities: Consumers who have purchased Casati products can be certified as members and enter the Casati Club. Since 2016, Casati has developed a variety of membership benefits for its members, including participation in designated activities.
In total, more than 60 members have rights and interests, such as the exchange of gifts, the exchange of credits, life-long warranty, or the extension of security services.
As a result of its activities, it has been able to increase its members’ viscousness and brand recognition, and to achieve a more comprehensive upgrading of brands. Figure 45: Casati’s accumulation of brand images, through its elite user representatives, strengthens the “light luxury” nature of the product and enhances the user’s sense of identity.
As part of the campaign, Casaté reinforced the role of elite user representatives, representing diverse elite groups such as star curators, international dignitaries, power experts, such as Zhang Xiaohuaqian, and even the former President of Chile, through the use, recognition and evaluation of products by different types of elite groups, thereby strengthening the “light luxury” attributes used by products.
This is in line with the international high-end brand Dyson’s model of propagating his high-end luxury attributes through royals, dignitaries, celebrities, etc. It is through such elites that the user’s perception of high-end identities is raised, and the “lightly-inflicted” attributes increase the user’s psychological price margin.
High-end users accumulate high-end users and enhance their loyalty to Casati’s brand. High-volume consumers, represented by new middle-products, usually have higher brand loyalty.
This confirms that the high consumer population has excellent long-term user potential, laying the foundation for the build-up of high-end brands. Since July 2014, Cassarty has been on the line at the membership club, using a variety of membership rights to identify consumption with precision.
In fact, the demand for products from the current windy double cloud washing machine is related to the eight-member iterative proposal. Casati has now accumulated 12 million high-end users worldwide, and has developed a virtuous ecological and transformational mechanism.
In 2017, the China Quality Association conducted a user satisfaction assessment for the household electricity industry, with Hel's ice washing, electric heat, heat, television loyalty, with 79/82/78/80/82/72, with the exception of non-Haer's core products.
High-end competitive brands are the first or the second, and combined loyalty is the top of the power line, which also drives the glue of the high-end Katharti users. Brand price positioning continues to rise, competing brands close to each other, closing the hierarchy.
The price benchmark, accompanied by continuous technological upgrading, is on the upward trend, which leads to higher markets with competing brand prices for the same type of brand, and the increase in the average price of Casati's ice wash. According to Ovie, in 2017, the average price under the Casatian refrigerator line was $10239, the highest of the top brands of the refrigerators, and more importantly, the average price increased by 18.5 per cent on the same basis.
There is a sharp contrast between the 6.4%, 7.1%, and 3.4% increase in the average price of Siemens, Boss, and Samsung: in 2018, the average price was $9063 below the Ka Sadi washing machine, which also led the entire high-end market at an average price of 18.3%, 10-30 pct higher than the average price of other brands.
The average price of high-end core products is broken down and Bossy is falling. Specifically, in the high-end category of refrigerators, the French four Rissatians have maintained an increase of 10.7%, while the Westgate, Boss, average prices have changed by 16.3% and 16.7% over the same period; 10, while Casasty has been strengthening its position at high-end prices, Bosssy, the main high-end competitor, continues to do so.
In the context of the high rate of growth in the Kassati camp during this period, the price hike attests to the continued increase in the competitiveness of Kassati’s products, while the robustness of high prices strengthens the high-end orientation of Casaté. The Dover outreach strategy has succeeded in realizing the high-end branding influence of Casatist.
Thanks to a combination of accumulation and high brand positioning, Kassarty’s brand recognition was fast in the pre-2010s, with his brand being only 6% well known in 2009, and Nelson’s report of 2015 showing a high profile of 58% and a high reputation of 95%, bringing about a spectacular transformation of its foreign brand to its own title market.
It is precisely on the basis of high-end branding power around 2015, that Casati began to enter his own high-intensity phase, with a share of household electricity of more than 10,000 yuan from 20.6 per cent in the first 10 months of 2015 and continued to break through to 42.7 per cent in 2018.
3.3.1 Underline channel layouts are driven away from dust in high-end markets. Vertically, the underline channel has been heavily built up for many years. Cassarty's product matrix was first formed, followed by continued deep cultivation at the top of the channel, with almost network coverage in 2014 – achieving a secondary market in 2015
Home, and in close strategic cooperation with multiple ka channels, Kassati’s marketing network has become a very high-end market, and even the entire home power market. Horizontally, Casatist channels are more powerful than two other high-end brands.
Compared to other high-end brands, Siemens, aeg, Bosch, Colmo now have 92, 61, 39 and 2, respectively, Casatian channels 100 times more intense than other brands, with a huge quantitative gap that brings about significant differences in the flow effect and is directly reflected in market shares and brand influence.
To look further at the quality of the channels, the multiplicity of entrances to the Kassati channel enriches its functionality, and the differentials drive more fluidity, with more than 8,000 shops under the line containing more specific branding centres, experience centres, interactive centres and service centres.
Homes and 600, experiential, landscape-style shops bring faster market education and higher branding power. Differentiated focus can be seen in the distribution of front shops, where market education is more common in China and the Southwest, including Sichuan, Hunan, Henan, and others.
The advantages of the East and Southwest sectors have increased the effectiveness of the multi-tier channel flow.
In sum, Cassarty’s layout is far wider and deeper than all other high-end brands. This is closely related to his channel resources at the Eto Haile, where he can achieve brand cover by following the Heir channel at a lower cost.
The rapid inefficiency of the flow, which makes it almost impossible to replicate Cassarty's channel strategy in terms of its breadth and depth, makes it a natural advantage for indigenous high-end brands over the channel.
In recent years, the penetration rate on the domestic electricity line has risen rapidly, with professionals forming major ports. In comparison with the first half of 2015-2019, retail penetration on the overall physical line has continued to rise, while penetration on the domestic line has continued to be higher than on the physical market as a whole, with an accelerated trend of up to 41.5 per cent in 19h1 wires, up 25.5 pt from 15h1.
Of these, specialized electric power providers, represented by Kyundong, Suning and the United States, have become the main outlets of domestic electricity, with the ratio of retail sales to 19h1 professionals reaching 49.9 per cent, and the restrictions on “low prices on the upper end of the line” are gradually diminishing as the high end of the market grows.
Domestic electricity sales are based on high-end new products, and on low-priced popular products. This is mainly due to high price premiums, the fact that consumers are not easy to buy without experience, and the caution of spending on large charges has led to the need for lower-line education. According to Suning, by June 2018, high-end household wires were available.
The share of retail sales is 87%, with high-end products still dominated by off-line channels, compared to the overall market. But, with the continued promotion of high-end branding in recent years, market education has gradually spread, and online sales of “618” and “11.11” have led to a doubling of the growth of high-end household electricity products, thus increasing our share of high-end household power lines.
Casati has almost achieved full power coverage, while maintaining deep cooperation with key professionals. Currently, the Casatian line has its own + distribution in Kyoto, Suning, and the US, direct sales of Skycat platforms plus multi-producer stores, and itself.
The city is covered and at the forefront of high-end brand lines. Meanwhile, in 2019, the United States launched a 2.5 billion target, the United States set a 300 million target, and a combined electrician developed a variety of forms of marketing, such as clothing and cleaning, to achieve deep cooperation.
Figure 57: Distribution of high-end home electric cat stores (2019.10)
Monthly sales have expanded over the year and, at present, in the specific category of goods, the Kassartian line is dominated by refrigerators, washing machines and cooking power products, accounting for 34.6 per cent, 33.2 per cent and 17.7 per cent, respectively.
Kassati's online channels are still opening, high-value products are widely recognized as still in need of deepening the city's education and brand influence, and the various platforms under Kassati's channel layout have now been constructed, and we remain more concerned about the rapid growth of Casat's online presence.
3.3.3 Overseas: The initial period of coverage to raise international brand influence is still under way, with a multi-regional initial coverage of Casati ' s overseas branding.
The region has gained market recognition for its high-end high-quality image, leading to initial coverage and rapid growth in many countries. The region now covers developed countries other than Africa, the Middle East, Central Asia, and South-East Asia, with a broad branding base.
The international market is still dominated by brand propaganda. In the “World-class Users' List” of Casati, it is mainly the elites of state dignitaries, royal nobles, leading experts, stars, etc.
The goal remains international branding. Based on the current fragmentation of the seven Heir brands, we believe that in the medium term Casati will not focus on operating in the overseas regions, and that the overseas significance will be to strengthen its internationalization attributes and to achieve high-end branding.
3.4 By the end of 2018, Hal had set up 10-odd research and development centres, 24 industrial parks, 108 manufacturing plants, and 66 marketing centres.
Over 160 countries and territories. So, unlike other independent high-end brands, Casati has a large-scale advantage in R & D, production, and access.
Commercial appliances or surrogates: Fisher & Paykel has been injected into listed companies, but the cut-off financial reporting data have not yet been listed, and the ranking is not included in this section: Candy-related market data has not been included. R & D systems have been rapidly established and the results of R & D design have been inherited, creating long-term core competitiveness for Casati.
It has 14 design centres and 28 collaborative research and development institutions around the world, drawing on the best technology in the world, such as the United States, Japan and Japan, and Fiji, New Zealand, and joining with top design teams such as BMW and Ferrari, and has achieved a powerful R & D system, which has become a direct expression of China's high-end.
As of December 2018, Hal had accumulated more than 43,000 patents worldwide.
For example, f+free-engine refrigerators, the core technologies involved are three fine steel sliders in New Zealand, a Brazilian floating oil-free compressor, and Japanese evaporated fans.
F.+ Free-Associated Refrigerator into the core technology of international R & D centres.
The production capacity was the highest in the world, with air conditioners and health-care production leading the world, ranging from 1226, 1696, 943, 7.75 million units per year to 2500, 3400, 1900 and 16 million units per year, with the unit cost of the various components extracted under a single collection well below that of the rest of the household.
Businesses, high-end brands with weaker sales, have a greater cost advantage. Meanwhile, large-scale intelligent production has accumulated a wealth of production experience, a more efficient supply chain, and a lower cost over time.
Other high-end brands create a quantitative gap, with direct offline channels set out in the previous paragraphs, while in the off-the-shelf auxiliary, Cassarty also has significant advantages. Figure 66: Hale supply chain resources (2018)
Hal owns a well-developed supply chain resource in all regions, with regional suppliers simply adding up, and with the exception of regional suppliers, in 2018 there were 485, 175, 164, 479 suppliers of national modules, storage, management services, distribution, etc.
The after-sales system in Etohael strongly supports and saves operating costs. The number of after-sales sites directly from the maintenance client data, Cassarty, is 115, but its associated Heir-supported after-sales sites are as high as 9322 in the east.
The central provinces maintain high-density post-sale support, and Kassati’s post-sale maintenance services support the solution of the problem.
Figure 68: Distribution of Heir's post-sale grids by 3.5 points to the top high-end powerhouse.
At the same time, brand promotion and channel development combine to deepen the product experience by creating a high-end image through a variety of campaigns and a wide array of layout channels, ultimately reinforcing high-end, low-luxury positioning and extensive drifting. With products, brands, channels, and especially from 2015 to 2016, Kassarty is on the move.
In terms of the growth rate, after 2012, the company’s annual report began to show data from Kasati’s collection, and since 2016 there has been a high rate of multi-brand growth, with core washing machines breaking through cores like two-barrel washing machines.
At the same time, low-base air-conditioning cooking power erupted frequently, bringing about an overall 41% and 44% increase in Kassartine in 2017 and 2018. 19h1 experienced a short-term decline in the rate of increase due to the migration of washing machine lines, followed by a 42% increase in the q3 season. With the wake of the high-end domestic demand, the rate of growth in the calf was extremely certain.
Figure 69: Changes in the income of Casati as a whole and broken down products The rapid growth of the class of goods in terms of high-end market shares has led to a rapid increase in its share of the corresponding market. 1w+Casati ' s share of the domestic electricity market was from 20.6% in the first October of 2015, and continued high-speed concentration to 2018
42.7% of the 1w+ Refrigerator share was further increased from 30% in 2017 to 40.6% of the 3q by 2019; The speed of the breakthrough, of which the single q3 grew by up to 270%. This is the release of market demand for high-end air conditioners, on the one hand, and cassati ' s adjustment of air conditioners in 19h2 on the other hand, which was closely linked to the former Kassati ' s high-end air conditioners.
Positioned at 1.5w+ and hanger 6k+, but the price segment is lower than other high-end products, equalizes high-end positioning and maintains market influence, adjusts the high-end with 19h2 cassati air conditioners under further cost control, covers 1w+ and 4k+, expands coverage and reduces growth rapidly.
Horizontally, there's already a crushing advantage in Cassatian's share of the current high-end products. We've got recent data to keep an eye on Cassatian's competitive advantage: Laundry machine: the absolute crushing advantage of 1w+ market share of 78.2% in the first 30 weeks of 19 years, followed by Beverly and Beverly.
(b) Refrigerator: Kassa with different price segments 1-1.5w, 1.5-2w, 2w+ and 3w+ during the first 41 weeks of 19;
The share of the market was 12.2 per cent, the third highest after the Gorge and Mitsubishi power units; Water heaters: the share of the market in the 42nd week of 19 years was 23.1 per cent and the share of the 0.8w-1w heat was 20.5 per cent, with the advantage of more than 12 pct, which was the highest.
Figure 75: 42nd week high-end water heater market pattern 2019 If, after comparing the above-mentioned high-price segment breakdown of market share data, there is “an artificial price threshold to obtain high-value data, but questions about size”, then a look at the full price segment market can be found, Cassarty.
There is a linear relationship between the two sides, set by the “average price-retail share” of the product, which is in essence a “price-value-to-volume” balance. At present, no other brand can cross this line, which means that there is now a monopoly on profits and dividends of scale in the Hyer Division of the ice-washing market.
On the market below the washing machine, the average price of 19h1 kasati was $9910 and the market for full-price retail sales was 2.1 per cent, while the average price of Heir was $2812 and the market was 23.9 per cent, and all other brands were below the curve.
The same guy is on the bottom of the refrigerator market at an average price of $11,486 for 19h1 kasati, 3% for retail sales, and $4,274 for Heir, or 23.2% for the same price-volume curve, all of which is under the curve.
Further reading of the implications of this phenomenon: 1) The relative relationship of the retail share between brands is equivalent to the relative relationship of the retail volume/sale volume, so the chart can be understood as the price-sale relationship; 2) In the chart we have made the Ka Sadi-Haer curve, in essence to establish a balanced system based on both criteria, i.e., assuming that it is compatible with the system
The following points have a link between price and sales, and the price decline increases along the curve; 3) if the brand (point in the chart) is above that curve, it means that it can create a value higher than the equilibrium system, which can be understood as having a higher premium under the same sales, or a better price at the same price: 4) in the current ice-washing market
On the field, all other branding points are below the Cassati-Haer curve, which proves that the Hale-Casati system has a higher value-creating capacity than all other brands, i.e., exclusive profit and market-scale dividends. On the other hand, Cassardy’s share is high in high-end brands, with 2.1% retail sales of washing machines, compared to 2.1%.
A slightly lower average price of 0.6 pct than a lower average price of 0.4 pct; a 3 per cent retail share of refrigerators, more than 1.7 pct above a slightly lower average price of tristars, pineapples, bobbles, etc., and a higher share of Cassa than a higher share of retail sales, and therefore not a “high price but very low market share” meaningless “false point”.
As can be seen from this, the high-end market position of Kassarty has become a high-value anchor for the overall market, creating high-priced value for the Heel Group ' s efficiency, and an indispensable core increase in profits in the Heel system.
Combining the above synthesizing the path to the growth of the Casatian brand, we can see more clearly the successful model that Casat is difficult to replicate: after the powerful resources of the Altohael body, the technological innovation of sophisticated high-end products and the formation of a product system of depth and breadth, the branding anchors high-end, light-luxury positioning, and the channels cover a wide range of diversity to determine the flow.
The high-end domestic power industry, which has grown at a turning point, has so far gained the advantage of high-end markets and, in conjunction with the Hale brand, has gained the advantage of a segmented market that has become an indispensable core of profits in the Heir system. The 13 years of Cassatius, from the end to the achievement of the empire, have now been fully understood by us.
Well, in the past, where did the later Cassatian margin rise?
4.1 High-end household electricity continues to release the present-day build-up of Casati as a high-end household electricity market, with its share bearing the dividends first. To some extent, expectations for the future of Casati are directly reflected in expectations for the future of the high-end market in China.
High-consumption populations have grown in proportion to their capacity, 5g has led to technological upgrading, artisticization, high-end product design and positioning, and three dimensions of connection will drive high-end household power ups and ups and ups and downs in the medium term, and high-end household power will continue to cover the size and consumption capacity of the population and potential population directly. In Section 2.2, we have been able to increase our consumption capacity.
After discussing the continuing upswing in the high-income population, combined with the household electricity industry, the coverage of high-end household electricity is still low. We refer to the price of Kassarty's core product, and we use the size of the market refrigerators 10k+, washing machines 6k+, hangers 4.5k+, cabinets 11k+ for the upper-end household power component of the label Casat.
The market high end ratio continued to rise, with ice-washing high end retail sales of 14.1 per cent, 16.3 per cent and 10.7 per cent in the first 11 months of 19 years, and the high end share was significantly lower if the high price factor was removed for retail volume.
As a potential population, the impact of consumption on high-end markets is expanding rapidly. As mentioned earlier, the country’s top 20% of high-income groups have a disposable income of 8.3% for nearly five years, with marginality accompanying the market’s further education of more high-income groups as direct target audiences for high-end household power, plus other middle-income groups.
Class consumption capacity increases, the probability of purchasing high-end household electricity increases, and consumption perceptions rise further, and the size of the high-end household electricity product continues to rise during a period of robust economic growth. It is expected that, after its stabilization, it will reach 20% of the population, while the potential audience is more than 35%.
In recent years, China’s smart electricity itself has grown high. The smart power market has measured large differences in size by different calibres, with a statesta suggesting that the global smart power market was $21,680 billion in 2019, followed by four years of cagr.
22.4 per cent; Ovi judged the size of the global market for smart households to be $96 billion in 2018, with China ' s smart and capable electricity amounting to RMB 296 billion and the world ' s capr to 12.3 per cent in the next two years; and Igumi counted China ' s smart home size in 2017 to be RMB 14.1 billion, and the next two years to be 17.9 per cent.
China, as a growing region of global household power, is expected to grow more than 15% in size over the next three years. The *5g technological breakthrough has led to technological upgrading of home appliances.
It also has a profound impact on smart household power. Communications and telepathic technologies are the two major nuclear engines of smart household power, and 5g have broken through the low-time, high-bandwidth, large-scale connection and other communications changes that are available, which also provide a powerful boost to smart household power to achieve a whole-of-house network of scenarios. 5g will drive a new round of home-based electricity products.
Levels, accompanied by well-developed home-based technology/scenario procedures, high-end products push for better certainty in price parity, thus driving the expansion of the high-end home-based electricity market. Artical design leads to higher-end, light-luxuries attributes, and aesthetic-led, lower-end household-power demand wakes up further.
Accompanied by product price stratification, high-end artistic design became an important label in the brand market. The Ovi Cloud Network investigated the new Chinese buyer of electricity, with a 13% focus on the artistic perception of the outside world, and measured that the pull of the art-made water heater on the price was 2.9 times higher than that of the ordinary product.
Whether mobile phones consume electronics or apparel, high-end brands raise their own light-luxurious properties through artistic design, thus maintaining a high premium. The artistic content of high-end home appliances continues to grow.
In January 2012, the rate of penetration of art cabinets was only 3.6%, and by October 2017 it had reached 71%. At the same time, the design of the high-end home-based electricity market was on the rise.
Further awareness of the aesthetic aspects of high-end products increased the share of high-end products.
High-end branding, headed by Casati and Siemens, has accelerated the artistic presentation. At present, the artistic composition of high-end brands, Casati and Siemens is high, with Casatista having artistic elements in every white-electric product, inviting the art class kol to 20 places, or 31.7%, to continue to promote a light image of beauty.
The current high-end market size is $64 billion, and is expected to reach 100 billion by 2021. With these combined effects, we measured and predicted the high end of the refrigerator by 10k+, washing machine 6k+, hanger 4.5k+, counter 11k+.
The high-end market was rapidly awakened, reaching 64.07 billion yuan by 2018. Between 2016 and 2018, the high-end market rose from 35.590 billion yuan to 64.07 billion yuan by 2018, and the two-year capr was 34.2 per cent high and the high-end ice was 163.1, 110.26.76 billion yuan high each in 2018.
According to short-term high-end fluctuations in size, the air-conditioning market is expected to reach hundreds of billions by 2021. In 19 years, the average price of the air-conditioning market was moved down in the short run due to the first half of the year’s US initiative to adjust prices and the second half of the year’s power to trigger full competition.
The average price of air-conditioning will increase considerably with the formal implementation of new energy efficiency in mid-year. The high-end size of the refrigerator will remain relatively robust under the new model, while the washing machine will increase its fast-paced title in recent years, driven by technology such as body-washing techniques, two rollers, etc.
• It is worth noting that this measure has not taken into account a large number of cooking power, black power, and small household electricity, especially in Casati’s heart-heavy, and that the market for cooking power will increase even further in real terms if it takes into account the size of the back-end home power market.
4.2 The preponderance of ice-washing patterns is difficult in the short term for rivals to cover competing brands with the highest relative price and market position recognition.As the ice-washing directly covers the price segment, Casatian refrigerator products cover a price range of 4599-100,000 yuan.
The coat machines cover the area of $2199-100,000, even if each of the 100,000-dollar pole products is removed, the ice-washing products are heavily covered in the area of $4599-4000 and $2199-4000, respectively, except for the low density of the Colmo price segment, which is almost entirely covered by the price segments of each competitor.
The dollar's average price is at the top of the brand price, and its total retail share of 19h1 is 8.1 per cent and 9.2 per cent, respectively, well above the difference between 2.6 pct and 0.9 pct in the lower price Siemens, which is evidence of the high-end positioning of Kasati products in the market retail price system.
Figure 88: High-end home appliances represent price distribution of branded refrigerators (in dollars) No or incomplete offers from other branded official networks, Colmo's access to only Skycats, so Casati takes data from the official networks, Bozo, Siemens, Matsu, aeg get data from Kyoto, colmo get data from Skycats; aeg, aeg,
The colmo model is too small, too small below the line, it is not included in the average price below the line, and the others take the 19h1 Ovi line, and the former main high-end competition brand, Siemens, has been losing the price position. Siemens used to have the highest share of ice washing in his home-based FDI brand and to have a higher premium for its international positioning, but since 2015 its high-end product has continued to fall back.
In the case of the Siemens washing machine, the early Siemens product structure was high-end and became the main brand of the high-end market. As early as 2009, Siemens washing the machine structure was based on 3,500+ (the highest price of Eicon at the same time) a share of 63% of the product structure followed.
Since 2015, the high end share has continued to decline, with a sharp drop in positioning. Since 2015, the high end product structure in Siemens has continued to decline, with 3500 plus the lower middle Eicon caliber dropping by 2.5 pct in 2016 compared to 2014.
The explosion, and the price slippage of Biscim since 2015, we believe that it was the rise of Kassati, crowding out his former share and position in the high-end market, which further led to a decline in Siemens’ brand positioning. The Heir high-end ice-washing market was superior and difficult to match since 1919.
The Emperor's Heel is a big leader in the high-end market share of ice-washing, with 1w+ Refrigerator with 42.5%, exceeding the second Siemens with 23.3 pct, 1w+ Laundry with 65.8%, and the second most beautiful with 50.1 pct, with no equivalent rival in the high-end market.
After a rapid expansion in 2015-2018, Casati has taken the lead in high-end markets, accompanied by a certain decline in the share of foreign markets, which now have a high concentration. And independent foreign brands have become difficult, based on the advantages of research and development, production, channels, and services created by the resources of the Khati Etohare.
To break Casat’s monopoly. The beautiful Colmo was inaugurated at the end of 2018, with a short-term focus on technological innovation, branding, and no large-scale revenue-generating capacity in the last two to three years.
As a result, there is no brand name in the current market that can be counterbalanced by the high-end ice-washing market, which in the past was at a period of gold development in the period 2016-2018 and then in the three to five years.
4.3 As the high-end ice-washing market has gradually become a central niche for Casaté, and the certainty of its revenue-generating potential and growth space has gradually increased, Casaté has gradually moved towards the direction of the incremental space.
There's a lot of room for development, as measured by the size of the former high-end market, which in 2018 amounted to $36.76 billion, well over $16.31 billion in refrigerators and $11.02 billion in washing machines.
There is a large market space, with high-end markets such as cooking power and water heaters, which are more difficult to measure, but with high-end air conditioners, which are well over $40 billion in size, compared with the total collection of 840 million in 2018 at Kassati's empty kitchen camp, where the total product is less than 2.1%. With Casat's position in the ice-washing high-end market, the focus will be on the following.
Hal's own home-wide smart program strategy is strong. Heil's initial house-wide set-up, and so far.
Since July of this year, Heil's listed company changed its name to Heir's Thinker and further clarified its home-wide intelligence strategy, and its development path was detailed and not repeated in our previous report, The Age of Business Creation.
Full, in 2019, the high-end whole-of-the-art "commander series" was introduced, giving it a first-hand hardware advantage in the high-end home full-house programme.
In addition to the combined effect of house-wide services and ice-washing core products, Kassarty’s recent focus on air conditioning, breadth and relevance
In the second half of 2019, Cassarty built up his own air-conditioning price belt based on the current competitive changes in the air-conditioning market, with the hang-up covered by the previous 6,000+ price belt to 4,000+, and the counter by 1.5w.
By the first half of 19 years, the city of Casati had a 36.2% share, and by August it had a cumulative share of 38.1%.
The second Mitsubishi electric powerer, the third power, is 23 pct and 26.5 pct, respectively, and the Casatian air conditioner, at the top, with the upper advantage of establishing its air conditioner, expands its coverage space to provide it with a price-deficit competitive advantage. Moreover, as a result of the recent continuing price battles, prices are sunk, high-end market space is released relatively,
There are also short-term benefits for the high-end layout of Casati. Figure 97: The change in the rate of Kasati 1.5w+ Air Conditioning City, although the ratio is still low and the impact on the overall size of Casati is limited, it is based on the high-end air-cooked Pang.
Large-scale, and, at present, Casatine's low-level base of high-end cooking, it has a vast riser space. At the same time, it has accumulated a huge amount of resources for empty cooking products technology, particularly with the acquisition of Fiji, Georgia, Candy, and the multidimensional intake of cooking electrical products technology, which has enhanced the certainty that its high-end products will grow. And once the high-end market breaks, yes, it is.
The Kassati brand brings with it full additions, resulting in over-expected growth. 4.4 Supply-side upgrading of the supply chain optimizes, while the market-side advantages are being established and incrementally exploited, the supply-side is being further optimized.
This is reflected in the expansion of high-end production capacity, the deepening of channel services, and the adjustment of subsequent cost rates. The Self-Deliverable and Transferable Capacity Project pushed for the upgrading of Kassati’s supply ends.
The revenue in the machine as a whole is 11%, the water heater is 13%, and the high end product accounts for the overall output. As Kasati’s share of Heir’s products is gradually rising, its production line is gradually adjusted to a mixed/single pattern and to a long-term stand-alone production line.
Figure 98: The annual increase in the income of Casati from Hair Jiji's washing machine. Figure 99: The annual increase in the income of Casati from Heir's Heiji's water heater.
The end-of-life washing machine production line was located, integrating formerly Casati ' s old line capacity. Although 19H1 Kasati ' s washing machine was delayed by a short-term conversion of capacity, it was completed with the completion of the production line, followed by efficient, high-quality production and greater space release of the lower end-of-the-end washing machine.
High-end expansion was one of the core strategies for high-end product supply upswinging, to varying degrees, under the debt-transferable projects released in Hale in 2018. Based on plant prices and expected retail prices for different projects, we can judge the transformation of their production capacity to higher-end products in Kassati, with 500,000 refrigerators priced extremely high.
High, mostly cassati configurations, and high-end product configurations for the compost hangers project; other air conditioners have some probability configurations after cassati ' s adjusted price bands: the whole house solution is combined with cooking power, the deeper the depth is.
The power and electricity sector has moved toward the “service age.” High-quality services have become one of the core competitive features of home brands.
Upgraded to the emotional level of services, quality, etc. According to the China National Electricity Service Maintenance Institute, in 2017, the income from traditional household electricity services, such as installation, repair, door opening, spare parts, was $260 billion, while new uniforms, such as cleaning, maintenance, maintenance, long-term insurance, integrated package of solutions, etc.
Revenues are estimated to be $280 billion, and high-quality services are expected to become the core competitiveness of home-based brands by 2020, with a trillion in size, revenue and profits from services going beyond home-made sales themselves.
Quality after-sales experience becomes the “last kilometre” between high-end home appliances and customers. Logistics distribution, product installation, and after-sales services constitute the consumer’s overall post-sale experience, which is central to brand evaluation.
Next to quality, the second major focus was 43%, and after selling the high end of household electricity, the improvement was one of the priority items, 39%. Various poor reviews on the line focused on post-sale experiences.
Users were at the top of 40.8 per cent, while the highest rating for air conditioners was for post-sale experience, with a total of 10.5 per cent rating for installation, logistics and after-sales services; 60 per cent of the ratings for the heater were for post-sale experience, with a more than 33 per cent rating for installation costs, timeliness of installation, specialized installation, etc.
The post-sale experience has had a direct impact on distribution channels and even on the image of home brands.
In this context, Kassati launched the “Seven-star Service Standard” and, for the first time in the world, performed an iterative housekeeper service to deepen the upgrading of household electricity services. Kassarty established a full-flow service system for pre-sale, in-sale, post-sale, and evaluation by the user community to further provide exclusive hotlines, exclusive consultants, exclusive materials, exclusive networks and other services based on the former Hale product service.
The exclusive interest and the establishment of seven-star standards for high-end users, such as free door-to-door design, free electricity and water measurements, integrated product delivery, free installation of materials, free cleaning, user care, lifetime security of vip user products, etc., to provide access to the “last kilometre” and the setting of high-end home service poles.
Figure 109: Casati's seven-star service standards, Hale as a whole is at the top of the domestic electricity service list, and Casat's position is further ensured. In 2018, according to a survey conducted by the China-China Electricity Service Maintenance Association, Heir scored up to 88.2 on the basis of a 75-point rating for the household electricity industry as a whole.
Kathati is the top player in the electricity service industry, adding value-added membership services to Heir’s service, ensuring that its brands build up significantly ahead of the industry, and further expanding the premium space for high-end brands on channel services. In addition, the channel has become more aggressive in promoting the higher-end products of Casateh, with Maori abundance.
His brand, while Casati's Māori rate at the corporate end is about 50 per cent, while the high-end brands, which he focuses on as Hale, give higher-end incentives, resulting in a combination of channels with more profitable margins on each of the Cassatian single items than the rest of the industry, which is driven by a more active priority for the various channels.
At the same time, with the gradual completion of the Kassati channel network, the cost of building the front-loaded channel is expected to decrease, and its profitability will increase further. To date, there are more than 8,000 shops under the Casatian line, with a multiplicity of facilities.
Experience shops, living halls, and offline networks have improved, and the cost of selling their previous high investment is expected to be significantly reduced. The net interest rate after Casati tax in 2018 is estimated to be about 15-16%, and we expect this profitability to go further. On the basis of the above analysis, we started with Casati's historical data disclosure, which together with research information, disassembled 2017.
The ratio of its operations in 2018 is projected on the basis of the following assumptions:
Machine 4.5k+ and cabinet 11k+, stored to cover different product specifications (e.g., wheel washing machines, three refrigerators) at the mid-end price, resulting in a slight variation in the size of the market for actual coverage. Considering that the market for refrigerators and washing machines is already in a higher position, market concentration influences have been levelled off and its operations have been reduced.
Change is dominated by the overall changes in the markets covered. Products such as air-conditioning and cooking power continue to dominate high-end markets, with a large market space and a significant increase in the focus of Kassarty’s strategic layout, combined with the growth of its short-term margins, giving rise to an increase in market share combined.
The combination of channel costs is expected to decrease significantly, giving net interest rates a steady boost. According to our calculations, by 2023, the overall size of Casaté is expected to rise to $22.54 billion, rising to 6.87%, with net interest rates rising to 1.54 pct. As a result, we judge that Casat is going to be Heir’s.
The profit growth core continues to significantly optimize its profitability. For the Heir Jiet company, where Kassati is located, we maintain the previous projections of the company’s business acquisition assistant profile for 2019-2021.
We've tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.