Stable growth in the production of major metals and steady growth in priority projects
Billions of dollars, 18.93 per cent over the same period; a gain of $0.041 per share, 7.89 per cent over the same year. (i) Mineral gold and copper production continued to grow steadily, and the price of lme fell in the first quarter of 2020, as a result of the new global crown epidemic.
The current price of United States dollars/tonne of London gold increased by $21.40 to $15,82.8 per ounce on the same year.The company ' s 2020q1 major metal products mine price increased by $340.05 per gram on the same year, and the price of 6881 dollars/tonne fell by 45.99 per cent on the same year.
The increase in the cost of sales resulted in a 2.18 drop in the company ' s Māori rate in 2020q1 mine, an increase of 8.82 per cent; a volume of 84782 tons of mineral copper concentrate, an increase of 17.89 per cent over the same period; and a 49.75 per cent to 152 million yuan decline in the cost of mining, a decline in the same year, mainly due to partial transportation costs
Accounted for operating costs: increase in corporate management costs by 9.2 per cent to $1.035 billion on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of higher expenditure on research and development; decrease in financial costs by 26.25 per cent to $405 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to an increase in current exchange rate gains; loss of impairment of assets due to a falling inventory account
In addition, the company held a non-recurring gain or loss of $390 million for the smelting and processing sector, an increase of 202.32 per cent over the same period last year. This also increased the difference between the net profit of the company from the net profit of the recovery and the net profit of the non-retroactivity of the company during the reporting period, by 2020 q1.
During the reporting period, production resumed in June of the year and 10,000 tons/day extension project opened.
In March, the company completed the merger of the Vuritica gold mine in Colombia, and the project is now in the test stage, where the selection process is largely complete, with a re-selection of about 10 kg per quarter. Following the acquisition of the Vuritica gold mine, the company calculated the additional stock of high-grade gold resources in proportion to equity.
243 tons, with an increase in the stock of gold resources to 2130 tons. Although the company has the most profitable Powgra gold mine in Papua New Guinea (co-owned with Baric Gold, 8827 kg of interest for the entire year 2019), Papua New Guinea is responsible for the government of Papua New Guinea.
The government’s decision not to approve the extension of the special mining rights has the risk of stopping production, which could have a greater impact on the company’s gold production in 2020 and beyond. But the company still has a number of high-quality gold resource projects in its hands, and will be working to bring its mineral gold production to the same level as in 2019, and to accelerate the existing gold-growing projects by accelerating the development of gold-producing mines, such as the Xinnan Purple.
The company, as the country’s non-ferrous metal conglomerate, has been increasing its capacity to produce metals through endogenous development and overseas M&As, increasing its stock of assets of superior quality resources, and increasing its internal strength. As the company’s previously deployed capacity for high-quality mining abroad begins to be released, the company’s gold is growing.
Copper production will continue to grow significantly. And the US Federal Reserve’s ultra-lax monetary policy of “zero interest rate + unlimited amount of qe,” which is expected to stimulate the rise in metal prices, such as gold, with sufficient liquidity, will make the company’s performance resilient.
2) There has been a sharp drop in commodity prices; 3) mine projects have not advanced as expected; 4) overseas mines have been cut off due to external forces.