The holding of the giant bronze industry, as a result of the company's operational integration, has announced that the company intends to acquire 50.1% of the shares in the colossal bronze industry in cash of 3,883 million dollars.
It was agreed that, when the second phase of the additional 150,000-tonne/day selection project for the removal of copper polymetals (including the Ryoki polymetals) met the agreed terms, the buyer would compensate the shareholders in the current sale of shares in the dragon copper industry. Resources: the total copper reserves in the dragon industry were 7.96 million tons.
The giant bronze industry owns the dragon copper polymetal ore, the ronous bronze polymetal ore, and the oblique copper polymetal ore, in which the dragon ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore.
7.9576 million tons, accompanied by 3706 million tons of molten molten metal. 1 stage investment: 14.6 billion yuan (to be needed) in production at the end of 2021, 165,000 tons of copper per year \triangleright
By the end of 2019, the project infrastructure had been completed, the removal plant had been 65 per cent completed, the long-range duct tape delivery project had been 50 per cent completed, and the tailings bank and ancillary works 90 per cent completed. Owing to funding shortfalls, the project was set at US$ 7.2 billion in 2019, and the follow-up construction still needs to be completed at the end of 2021.
To expand to 150,000 tons of copper and 0.62 million tons of molybdenum in the year following its construction; to build 300,000 tons per day in the second phase; to begin construction in the 7th and 8th days of the first phase of the project; to produce 263,000 tons of copper and 13,000 tons of molybdenum in the year following its construction.
\triangleright 1) The company now owns more than 57.25 million tons of copper, which is in the forefront of the industry, but more than 80% of the copper projects are offshore, and the acquisition of this equal share of assets within and outside the country reduces the risk of offshore projects.
It could have been controlled; the company’s cost-control capabilities are at the forefront of the industry, as evidenced by the operation of the low-grade Dobble Mountain mine, which is expected to continue its operations. Acquisitions in the dragon copper industry will increase financial pressure in the short term, but will not change the company’s long-term profitability.
Performance is as expected, and production capacity is gradually released, with the UV Mine (601899) announcement rating: full capital project construction is not as fast as expected: metal prices are expected to fall more than expected: the impact of the epidemic is expected.
A summary of the company's financial statement projections for the acquisition of mainland gold and its reserves, the author's qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence, and the data used to ensure reporting are from the compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,