The company reports that business income is almost flat, and that the future of R & D will be increased.
In 2024, the company adhered to a business philosophy of fine management and high-quality development, bringing its total operating income to $10.5 billion, which was almost the same as in 2023.
The exchange rate of $37 million, which was reduced by $143 million over the same period the previous year, affected the current rate of increase in profits. Domestic operations were under pressure, and overseas and innovative operations maintained a positive growth trend.
In business, clients' expectations and needs for expansion are relatively cautious, capital spending is restrained, companies' operations are generating $8.71 billion, compared to a 4.15 per cent drop, and business and energy industries continue to enjoy a high profile, with double digits achieved.
In terms of innovation, $5,566 million was collected throughout the year.
This is an increase of 13.44% in the same year, with China's thermal imaging business, and China's cooling and fire operations rising rapidly.The report and the report for the first quarter of 2024 report point to a significant increase in non-profit deductions, maintaining investment in research and development, upgrading the technological capabilities of the ai, and promoting the industrialization of the ai.
Companies insist on technological innovation, sustaining large-scale investment in research and development, and deepening their “five-in-one” capabilities.
In addition to maintaining investment in traditional video technologies, companies continue to enhance research, development and productization in technology areas such as multi-dimensional perception, ai large models, data intelligence, smart computing, cloud computing, software platforms, network communications, network security, innovative business, and deepen their “five-size” capabilities, focusing on value business scenes.
The company actively explores and promotes the breakthroughs and applications of new technologies, such as large models, multi-moderated ai, keeps building the foundations of the one-size-fits-all model.
The company is driven by industry, and the big model of the class star: a large model of the V series with vision at its core, a large model of the l series with language at its core, and a large model of the M series with multimodules at its core.
The company is the leading global provider of video-centric smart-ass solutions and operating services The industry’s growth space and business continuity maintain a “buy-in” rating. Risks of technological renewal: business model transformation risk: the risk of a decline in local fiscal capacity to pay: remittances
Rate risk: Product safety risk: Intellectual property risk: Risk of internationalization: Supply Chain Safety Wind Index, Hong Kong market benchmark is a consistent index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets) and the Northward benchmark index is a 50-point index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts