"Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-
\triangleright New Demand Sectors maintain high growth rates. \triangleright in 2024, corporate intelligence co-products and solutions were achieved \triangleright
1) Government operations have generated $4.057 billion, down 6.37 per cent from the previous year, mainly by local government \triangleright, which is growing, and industries with high demand, such as social governance, public livelihood, etc., have performed well.
2) Businesses achieved $8.71 billion in revenue throughout the year, a drop of 4.5 per cent compared to the previous year, businesses, energy companies and industries continued to enjoy a high profile, with double-digit growth; and budget-constrainted public sector education, education, education and education
The industry is under pressure. The company goes deep into the core business processes of its clients, building up a full supply capacity such as scene cameras, joint equipment, industry calculations, the Yang Litten method, industry platforms, etc., and empowering enterprises to intellectually upgrade.
3) Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are the most affected by weak macro-demands and have the weakest overall performance. Companies’ smb operations, with their strategic focus on "local operations, subsidence of districts" will strengthen the capacity of the group of service providers by 2025, increase coverage of areas that need to be broken down by the population, and further increase the share of the long-end market.
Billions of dollars, an increase of 6.31 per cent over the same year, effectively countered the pressures of shrinking domestic demand. Companies continued to upgrade global marketing and operating organizations and localized operations, with Latin America, Mexico, the South Ocean, Europe, etc. receiving the highest rate of growth.
A 24-year quarterly review of business performance continues to be optimized, innovation and radiant imaging, fire-fighting, and car electronics performance is smooth. Overseas business performance is bright - 2024/05/02
Research and development investment has deepened the “five full” capability, with the Big Star model fully upgraded, and profit growth of 25q1 recovering \triangleright. Companies have continued to increase their “five wholes” of “all-knowing, all-intelligent, all-connected, all-calculation, all-ecological”
Revenue 13.09%. The recently upgraded Stargown Model 2.0 is capable of understanding real-time instructions in a dynamic environment and carrying out its mission, with an increase of 16.45% in profits for 25q1 companies over the same period of time under ai empowerment. Investment advice: companies, as champions of R & D platforms, build up in markets, R & D, supply chains, etc.
\triangleright A deep moat, overseas and innovative business continues to grow, and domestic ownership is expected to build on emerging business
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.