ii. Accelerator ii. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The main reasons for the change in performance (2023-04-03) include: (1) less than expected output of the igbt chip and the module: insufficient supply of some raw materials slows down the igbt and frd chip input, and less than expected build-up equipment and process calibration (primarily)
This is due to the delayed delivery of some imported process equipment, which resulted in lower yields of the igbt chip and module, 50.90/30.74 2022q2, consumption of electronics into the inventory cycle, declining industry climate, and consumption of electronics by companies.
(c) Reduced demand in the consumer market and reduced capacity utilization: 2022q4, influenced by declining demand in the consumer market, insufficient inputs, reduced capacity utilization and reduced performance in the slant production line; and (4) no output in the led chip production line.
And expected: As a result of the slowdown in downstream market demand, the production of Slander and Slander Milled chip lines is below production levels, with expected low capacity utilization and low chip prices leading to an increase in inventory impairment loss and a loss in performance. Some of the products are capable of achieving industry leadership, accelerating their entry into markets such as electric cars, new energy, etc.
Products such as mosfet, igbt, frd, high-performance low-voltage separation fences are moving faster and are able to achieve in-house leadership. In the area of applications, companies, in addition to expanding large-scale white power, industrial controls, accelerate their entry into markets such as electric cars, new energy sources, etc., are expected to become the main growth areas of separate devices in the future.
In 2022, Slander accelerated product restructuring and launched an annual production of 360,000 12-inch chip production line project to increase chip production; Sranco accelerated the construction of phase 2 of the 12-inch line and accelerated the development of groove splits of sgt-mos, high-pressure super-mos, igbt, high-pressure integrated circuits, etc.
The construction of part of the Depuration of Phase II plant in Chengdusland has been completed, the installation and commissioning of equipment is under way, and the implementation of the semiconductor encapsulation phase of the vehicle has been implemented to improve the containment capability of the module with respect to the required vehicle power.
Sun Peak, the company ' s revenues from the integrated circuit in 2022 were 2,723 million yuan, an increase of 18.74 per cent over the same period.
The Ranwipm module exceeded 78 million units, a 105% increase from the previous year, introduced the Wang Haivei Driveipm programme for new energy car air conditioning compressors, and completed bulk supply at the head car air conditioning press.
1,420 million yuan, an increase of more than 65 per cent in the same year; (2) controllers: release of kernel-based products with a large capacity of flash and more tube foot generic high performance controllers applicable to high performance controls in areas such as smart household power, servo frequency, industrial automation, photovoltaic reversal; (3) power semiconductor solutions; push for new energy vehicles
(iv) Automobile main power drive module: company power; auto host drive module built-in autonomously to develop v-digbt and frd chips, currently available through multiple domestic customers.
To date, the company has a monthly production capacity of 100,000 modules and accelerated production of the vehicle power module (pim). (5) Others: 8 inches achieve small batch output of the gyroscope sensor, which is currently in the market expansion phase, with multiple built-in protocol ic lift controllers to help downstream.
Clients simplify product development processes and reduce product production costs. Start sic power chip production, which is expected to produce 6,000 pieces per month by the end of the year. In 2022, Sranming was able to build sic power chip production lines, and in the fourth quarter, the sic chip production line was initially wired to form monthly production.
At present, the company has completed the development of the first generation of sic-based mosfet, which is capable of achieving advanced equipment levels of the same kind within the industry, and has achieved the installation of sic-mosfet into the auto master drive module and the delivery of samples to clients. In 2023, the slanming silic chip production line will be accelerated.
According to Slanwa's statement (statement), the company does not have more than the total amount of money that it is raising to issue a stock share to a specific target.
The funds are raised mainly for the construction of the production line and for the semiconductor sealing of the car: (1) a project to produce 360,000 12-inch chips a year: the funds to be collected will be invested in Slan, in the form of a replenishment, and the project will complete the production line (12 inches) of 360,000 power chips a year for the production of fs-
Power chips such as igbt, t-dpmosfet, sgt-mosfe, which are expected to produce 120,000 new production units each year after delivery, further consolidating the country's idm flagship status; and (2) production line construction projects for sic-power devices: fund-raising will be invested in Slanmingang in the form of a replenishment, with existing production lines and accessories in Slanmingen.
Acquisition of production equipment based on a set of facilities to enhance the production capacity of the sic power device chip, resulting in an additional 12.24 million pieces per year of production of the post-partum sicmofet/sicsbd chip. (3) Automobile semiconductor encapsulation project (phase I): Funds will be raised in the form of a replenishment into Duskland, and modules will be purchased on the basis of the existing power module encapsulation production line
Installation of production equipment to upgrade the production capacity of the RPM module, which is expected to expand the production capacity of 720 MT to medium-end applications, and to increase the structural optimization of the RPP. In 2022, the company ' s igbt chip and module capacity were limited by the lack of supply of some raw materials and delays in the delivery of equipment and imported process equipment.
The supply chain and equipment delivery companies are still to be released, and the related harvests are expected to increase. The subsidiaries are actively expanding their production, and as the capacity continues to grow, it is expected that they will drive separate devices and integrated circuit operations.
High-end applications are expanding and are expected to improve with the profitability of product volumes. Investment proposal: I. Business status: a steady increase in revenue, demand-side weakness, low capacity utilization, taking into account Slant's leading position in the area of separation devices and the advantage of the idm model cost control.
The production of the igbt chip and the module is not as high as expected: (ii) consumption electronics enter the inventory cycle and the output of the company ' s consumer product is reduced by:
2022q2 cases, consumer electronics entering the inventory cycle, industry climate decline, lower output of some consumer electronics products from companies, price fallbacks, resulting in corporate performance pressure: (3) reduced consumer market demand and reduced utilization of Sland ' s IPC capacity: 2022q4, affected by falling consumer market demand, insufficient Slander ' s 5 inches and 6 inches of input, reduced capacity utilization, Sland ' s performance
Decline: (4) Less than expected production of chip lines: less than expected production of slanming cores and slanming wred chips owing to slower demand in downstream markets, lower capacity utilization, lower chip prices resulting in increased inventory impairment loss, performance analysis: more stable combined cost as a percentage of revenue and sustained expenditure on research and development
The decline resulted in a decline in the volume of product shipments in the led and selected consumer categories, delays in the delivery of equipment and inadequate supply of some raw materials, resulting in an under-expected production of the igbt and the frd chips.
3. Business analysis: business growth, expansion and restructuring as the main melody, separation devices and integrated circuits as the main contributors to revenue collection, which together accounted for over 85 per cent of the revenue. In 2022, the separateware collection was $4,467 million, an increase of 17.13 per cent, or 53.93 per cent, the Māori rate was 30.22 per cent, and the company separateware product was added.
Access to markets such as electric cars, new energy sources, etc., is expected to increase rapidly: the arrival of new products from the integrated circuits has increased significantly, with revenues of 2,723 million yuan, an increase of 18.74 per cent compared to 32.88 per cent, and a Māori rate of 35.02 per cent; luminous diodes, 3.1. Substitution units: part of the product is capable of reaching industry leadership levels and accelerating access to electric power.
Some of the products are at the forefront of the industry, accelerating access to markets such as electric cars and new energy sources. Companies are moving faster on research and development of products such as mosfet, igbt, frd, high-performance, low-pressure separation fences, etc. In areas of application, companies are accelerating access to markets such as electric cars and new energy sources, in addition to expanding large-scale white power, industrial controls, etc.
Ten thousand 12-inch chip production line project to increase chip production; Sranco accelerated the construction of the 12-inch line II project to accelerate the production of products such as sgt-mos, high-pressure super-laden moss, igbt, high-voltage integrated circuits from the gutter separation fence on the 12-inch line.
Installation of the first phase of the project to improve the containment capacity of the modules of the Car Code.
3.2. Integrated circuits: IPM module harvests are growing rapidly, the main motor motor module of the electric car is being tested by multiple clients, the volume of new IC circuit chips is accelerating, and the IC business has increased by 18.74 per cent on the same basis.
In 2022, the company generated 2,723 million yuan in revenues from integrated circuits, an increase of 18.74 per cent over the same period. From a breakdown of products: (1) iipm module: 78 million Slaviipm modules for white whole machines, such as FACs in 2022, an increase of 105 per cent over the same period, introduction of a new energy car air conditioning compressor driver Iipm programme, and completion of batches in head car air conditioning press manufacturers
The company ' s ipm module collects $1.42 billion, an increase of more than 65 per cent over the same period; (2) controllers: release kernel-based products with a large capacity of flash and more general high-performance control devices for smart household power, servo frequency, industrial automation, photovoltaic reverse change, etc.; (3) power semiconductor solutions: 6.6kwobc for new energy vehicles,
11kwobc and high voltage dc-dc power semiconductor solutions to provide high reliability and robust resolution solutions for vehicle chargers; (4) powered car mainframe power drive module: the company ' s electric mainframe drive module built-in autonomously to develop v-digbt and frd chips, which are currently supplied to some customers through multi-client testing in the country. To date, the company has monthly production.
100,000 modular production capacity and accelerated capacity-building for the vehicle power module (pim). (5) Others: 8 inches achieve small batch output of the gyroscope sensor, which is currently in the market expansion phase, with the introduction of multi-input protocol ic-uppressure controllers to help visitors streamline product development processes and reduce production costs.
Figure 10: 6.6 kwobc circuit structures Figure 11: 11kwobc circuit structures 3.3, led: more robust harvests, expansion to medium- and high-end applications to improve profitability
In 2022, corporate emitting diodes (including slanming core, slanming chip, and slanming luminium luminium luminous tubes) generated operating revenues of $733 million, an increase of 3.50 per cent compared to the market share of the led chip.
Mark, speed up the development of high-lightled led chips, and actively import high-end markets for car lighting, landscape lighting. Benefit from product quality and cost control, adding up demand for medium-high-end led colour screens at home and abroad, the subsidiary Mercala Light Camp is growing, and the product Māori ratio is improving.
With the expansion of medium- and high-end applications such as photo-coupling, security surveillance, and vehicle-led applications, Slanmingang has now completed a monthly production capacity of 72,000 led chips (4 inches), which is expected to improve as the product is released for profit. 3.4, third generation semiconductor: the sic chip production line is initially connected and is expected to be achieved by the end of the year.
In 2022, Sranming began the construction of the sic device chip production line, and in the fourth quarter, the sic chip production line was initially connected, resulting in the production of 2,000 pieces (6 inches). The company is now completing the development of the first generation of sic-based mosfet, which is capable of achieving an advanced level of equipment of the same kind in the industry.
Seal the sic-mosfet into the auto master drive module and send samples to the client. In 2023, Sranmingen will accelerate progress in the development of the sic chip production line, which is expected to produce 6,000 pieces (6 inches) per month at the end of the year.
4. The proposed increase: Accelerating the restructuring of the product layout, consolidating the advantage of the idm flagship, taking advantage of the rapid growth opportunities of the automobile and new energy industries, and accelerating the restructuring of the product layout. According to the Slanwa collection statement (statement), the total amount of funds raised by the company for the purpose of raising shares in a specific stock is currently up to $650.0 million (including this amount).
Fund-raising is mainly for production line construction and car semiconductor encapsulation projects: (1) 360,000 chips a year, 12 inches of chip production line items: fund-raising will be invested in Slander in the form of a replenishment, and the project will build a 360,000 chip production line (12 inches) for production of fs-igbt, t-dpmosfet, sgt-mosfe, etc.
(b) Project for the construction of a production line for the production of devices for power in the country: (b) The collection of funds will be invested in Slanmingang in the form of a replenishment, the acquisition of production equipment on the basis of existing production lines and supporting facilities for upgrading the production of chips for the sic power unit, and the addition of 12/24,000 chips per year to the sicmofet/sicsbd chip in the post-partum period.
(3) Automobile semiconductor encapsulation project (phase I): The collection of funds will be invested in the form of a replenishment in Duskland, with the acquisition of modular encapsulation production equipment based on the existing power module encapsulation line in order to enhance the production capacity of the module, which is expected to add 7.2 million pieces of capacity per year to the post-partum vehicle capacity module.
The product expands to mid-end applications, increasing the speedier structure of the product. In 2022, the company’s igbt chip and module capacity were limited by the lack of supply of some raw materials and delays in the delivery of imported industrial and artistic equipment. As the raw material supply chain and the equipment delivery company’s capacity are to be released, the relevant harvest is expected to increase.
Slanming will speed up the expansion of products in medium-end and high-end applications such as small spacing displays, miniled screens, infrared light coupling, security surveillance, and vehicle-based led, which are expected to improve as the product is released for profit. Given Slank’s leading position in the area of separation devices and the control advantage of the idm model costs, our company predicts 2023.
The semiconductor landscape is less than expected; the company ' s capacity expands less than expected; the company ' s research and development process is less than expected.