The production and release of radio frequency (RF) modules, with a significant increase in the performance of 5 g east wind, a profit of $1,073 million, an increase of 115.78 per cent in the same year, and an overall Māori rate of 52.84 per cent, an increase of 0.37 per cent in the same year.
Radio-frequency module products have been gradually introduced by a large number of well-known manufacturers, with record year-round performances. Operating revenues of $820 million have been achieved in four seasons alone, an increase of 55.39 per cent over the previous three quarters, with a slight decline compared to the previous three quarters, and are expected to be affected by changes in client structure at the end of the corporate intelligence application four quarters.
The main industrial separation devices maintain a constant advantage and the radio frequency switches increase significantly. The separation devices contain radio frequency switches and radio frequencies. Low noise amplifiers, which are corporate fists, are more advanced than shoulder international. In 2020, the separation devices achieved 2,462 million yuan, an increase of 68.12 per cent.
Growth of 81.45 per cent, with a revenue ratio of 78.49 per cent, is almost equal to the same period last year; low radio frequency noise amplifiers have been achieved. Commercialization has begun to be phased out globally, bringing new growth opportunities to the front end of the radio frequency industry, adding up national production and replacing demand, which is the main reason for the rapid growth of company-owned business.
Deepening the layout of radio frequency module products and contributing to a new round of growth in performance. The radio frequency module products produced their first production in 2020, and the radio frequency module generated $277 million in 2020, representing approximately 9.93 per cent of the year ' s operating income, while the medium receiving radio frequency module generated 268 million yuan, including lfem, lnabank, difem, etc.
In addition, there is the wifi connection module product, which is a technological extension of the company in the field of radio frequency. By 2020, the radio frequency module product has been gradually introduced by a large number of well-known manufacturers and is expected to become a new dynamic for future growth. 5,311,544 shares, raising funds of about $3 billion for investment in high-end radio-frequency filter chips and module research and development.
Industrialization projects, 5g base station radio frequency equipment development and industrialization projects, and additional liquidity.
The growth of credit technology and the strengthening of national production substitution trends, the company's performance as a leader in the market for radio frequency (RF) devices for a small number of internationally leading firms in the country, and the promotion of radio frequency receiving end-modules, are expected to continue to be released. The first covers are rated as “buy-in”.
First, there was a huge increase in the performance of domestic radio frequencies, which started in 2006 with the development of cellular television chips, and as the market for cellular television chips contracted, precision was cut.
Switching to the radio-frequency chip track, deep-deeping for over a decade has become a leader in the country’s radio-frequency front-end segment, and on June 18, 2019, the company was listed on the start-up board. The company specializes in the field of front-end injections, mainly providing the market with radio-frequency switches, low-sounding radio-frequency front-end separation devices, such as radio-frequency filters, radio-frequency filters, and the applications of various modules, while the company offers low-end solutions.
(i) The 5g enabling radio frequency front end, where product layout continues to improve.
As a result of the development of 5g communications technology, the company antenna switch product has become more highly recognized in the market, while radio frequency module products have been gradually introduced by a large number of well-known manufacturers, with record year-round performance. Operating revenues of $820 million in four quarters alone, an increase of 55.39 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, are expected to be somewhat lower than the previous three quarters, and are expected to be subject to four quarters of customers with corporate smart applications.
The main industrial separation devices have continued to maintain their advantage and the radio frequency switches have increased significantly. The separation devices contain radio frequency switches and low radio frequency noise amplifiers, which are the company’s fists, and are more advanced than shoulder international levels. In 2020, the separation devices received 2,462 million yuan, an increase of 68.12 per cent. The radio frequency switches generated 2,191 million yuan, an increase of 81.45 per cent, and 78.49 per cent.
9.68%, down 7.19pct. In 2020, 5g commercials began to land on a global scale, bringing new growth opportunities to the radio front end industry, adding up the demand for national production alternatives, and contributing to the rapid growth of company-owned operations. Deepening the layout of radio frequency module products to boost a new round of growth.
During the year, the radio frequency module generated 277 million yuan, or 9.93 per cent of the year’s operating income, of which the receiving radio frequency module generated 268 million yuan, including products such as lfem, lnabank, difem, and the wifi connection module product, which is an extension of the Department’s technology in the field of radio frequency. In 2020, the radio frequency module product was gradually introduced into volume production by a large number of well-known manufacturers.
The shares, listed on a deep-seated business board, raise about $3 billion to invest in high-end radio filter chips and module development and industrialization projects, 5g communications base radio frequency device development and industrialization projects, and supplement liquidity.
A national production development precursor for end-filtration filters and 5g base station radio frequency devices, drawing on the east wind of the 5g era and national production substitution trends, is expected to bring synergy to the company ' s current operations. (ii) Radio frequency arrays support Māori level maintenance
Levels of 32.69% in 2019. The Māori rate of the main industrial separation device is influenced by increased competition in the market and the timing of the introduction of new products. Māori rates show a long-term decline, but the overall Māori level has risen slightly as a result of the release of radio-frequency module products and the higher Māori rate, and the overall Māori level is expected to continue to rise or maintain the status quo over the next two years as the volume of product sales increases.
Circuit design, using the Fables business model, with products developed autonomously and with a view to leading, internationally advanced positions at the national level, and sustained R & D inputs are the basis for the competitiveness of the corporate sector. The company has now gained a more competitive advantage in the field of radio frequency switches, low radio frequency noise, and power magnifiers, and module leaders with the project.
Inputs from the domain, and future R & D costs will be maintained at a higher level.II. Profit forecasting and investment proposals (i) Income projections and assumptions
Radio frequency switches: The company ' s radio frequency switches are dominated by antenna switches, located near the antenna, present in the form of separate devices, unintegrated into the radio frequency front-end module, 5g communications technology has higher requirements for the number and complexity of antennas, and an increasing number of antenna switches are needed to increase the ability of antennas to receive signals from different frequency bands, as the 5g smartphone application expands.
The demand for radio frequency switches will continue to rise, with a 50 per cent increase expected in the company ' s radio frequency switch camp in 2021-2023, a low radio frequency noise amplifier: in 2020, the company developed a new series of multiple incremental low-noise amplifiers, covered all sub-6ghz frequencies, was highly recognized and imported by a well-known mobile phone manufacturer and is expected to enter in 2021.
Radio frequency module: The radio frequency module product, which has been invested in the ipo project since 2019, has been introduced to many well-known manufacturers in 2020 and has produced performances. With the ipo project and the increased project, the model product is expected to continue with a small number of pioneers in the marketing of the radio frequency device taps and the propulsion radio frequency receiving module of the leading international firm.
Releases. First-time coverage gives a “buy-in” rating. 5g pushed less than expected, module products less advanced than expected, nationalized substitutes less than expected, shortages in raw materials supply, and the company has qualifications in securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM
The securities investment advisory business is the activity of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, prediction or advice on the investment of securities, and to charge direct or indirect fees for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.