The performance of 2021q1 continued to be over-expected, with the RF gold track feast — 2021q1 performance forecast rating — on 12 April, the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021: 2021q1 is expected to be fully returned
The development of communication technologies has led to a rapid growth in demand at the front end of the radio frequency, with companies seizing 5g and national production opportunities for alternative development, constantly enriching and optimizing product structures and, while maintaining the competitive advantage of radio frequency separation devices, continuing the process of marketing radio frequency module products.
• A reasonable gradient for the company’s products, separate device switches/lna’s continued energy, radio frequency modules are expected to accelerate their release, and if the lfem product is already performing at international level, it is expected to become the next fist. The fist switch/lna continues to infiltrate with large clients, and the company has a lead on the radio frequency switch and the lna.
The first advantage is that in the 4g era, the product enters the mainstream home-grown mobile phone manufacturer. The company, with its super-fast layout, has the capability to design the corresponding radio frequency device at the time of the massive penetration of the 5g cellular phone, with a share of the larger client at the lowest/highest level in a year:
In 2019, the company introduced lfem, difem, and lnabank to receive end-module products, and the company's overall performance indicators for the lfem product of the differentiated ipd filter program are comparable to the advanced water on shoulder, and enjoy a prior advantage in customer import and are expected to take full advantage of the 5g mobile phone height in 2021.
The company launched its wififem product in the first half of 2020, has moved standard connecting module products and has started to send samples to customers.
Model encapsulation tests, completion of medium- and long-term industrial chain closures, and increased integration of competitiveness and commercial barriers. In the current industry-wide production constraints, companies are among the few manufacturers with large-scale supply capacity for soi, and they have entered into battles with many of the world’s well-known crystal-crystal manufacturers, chip-envelope testers.
In the medium and long term, with the completion of the saw filter crystalline, radio frequency module sealing the production line, the company will develop a whole-of-the-industry chain layout of the radio frequency filter chip and radio frequency module.
Innovative capabilities to act as a pioneer in the replacement of national production in the field of radio-frequency filter chips and radio-frequency modules. ● Profit prediction and investment advice, as a leading manufacturer of nationally produced radio-frequencys, companies benefit fully from national production substitution and radio-frequency demand from 5g
"Performance 2020, Commercialization of 5g, and National Generations. "
5g and National Production Drive q2 High Growth, Radio Frequency Modules and Filters Opening New Space 2020-07-13