The first quarter of 2021 reported an accelerated breakthrough in radio frequency operations, with high performance on 22 April 2021: the company ' s operating income for the first quarter of 2021 was 1,183 million yuan, an increase of 162.37 per cent over the same period.
The net return to the mother is 492 million yuan, an increase of 224.34 per cent over the same period. The radio frequency separation device and module operations are steadily moving forward, with 2021q1 performance growing at a high rate: the company ' s 2021q1 net profit to the mother grew by 224.34 per cent over the same year, and the ring grew by 38.59 per cent.
The development of 5g has led to rapid growth in demand at the front end of the radio frequency (RF) and companies have seized 5g and national production replacement development opportunities to continuously enrich and optimize the product structure and to sustain the process of marketing RF model products while maintaining the same competitive advantage as radio frequency separation devices. In terms of profitability, 2021q1, g.
In the broader context of rising downstream demand, the company will further expand the competitive advantage of the radio frequency (RF) module in the domestic market, increasing the market share and continuously improving operating efficiency and profitability.
▪ The RF technology platform strategy continues to advance, increasing market share: the company is one of the leading domestic companies that have introduced and marketed high frequency (HF) and radio frequency (HF) modules for 5g communications products and radio frequency (HF) modules, and continues to enrich and optimize the RF product matrix, and has largely completed radio frequency switches,
Low-noise amplifiers, filters (saw, ipd), radio frequency power amplifiers, radio frequency modules, etc. Full layout of front-end and low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips, and active extension of the RF filter/modular crystal manufacturing, sealing, etc. industrial chain to upgrade product process technology and scale
Production capacity, product application markets have also continued to expand to smartphones, telecommunications bases, and car electronics.
Lilna has been negotiated for production at a well-known mobile phone factory and is expected to enter bulk production and supply; Radio frequency (RF) Quarterly performance forecast: radio frequency dragon module products are rich in form (difem/lfem/lnabank, etc.) and cover the complete response of the receiving end
With, the cost advantage of negotiating output at multiple smartphones is significant, being one of the few manufacturers in the industry whose head effects highlight the high performance growth that can provide radio frequency module products; the wififem product is already in mobile smart terminals.
The Wifi6 connecting module product has begun to be presented to customers.2 The Quest (300782); Performance-Creating Corporations have created efficient synergies between various types of radio frequency products and have continued to increase their market share.
New heights in history, new configuration of radio frequency (RF)
3 DHOW (300.782) RADIO R& D innovation is being promoted efficiently, companies speed up research and development of new products, shortening product listing time, raising product differentiation levels, and being able to respond comprehensively to client personality needs
The Bureau has expanded its lead, performed historically, and the cost of its products has increased, and the market has become more competitive. At present, the company’s customers cover major Andre mobile operators around the world, such as Samsung, hmov, and as the 5g market has accelerated its expansion.
Profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the 2021-2023 net profit forecast for the company.