Events: The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021. The company expects to return in the first quarter of 2021.
Since the development of 5g has led to a rapid increase in demand at the front end of the radio frequency, the company continues to drive the marketization of radio frequency model products while maintaining radio frequency, radio frequency and digital soc chip products for radio frequency separation.
Provide clients with a complete software and hardware solution based on a corporate chip. After more than eight years of research and development, the company has accumulated 5g to bring up the volume of radio-frequency front endware, with a strong short-term drive.
There's a lot of product lines, leading the industry, and the endware will be more than twice the value of a 4g cell phone, and the required number will be expanded rapidly with the number of support bands.
The URF front end device is expected to rise in volume and market space is growing rapidly. The U.S.B., as the country’s leading supplier of radio front end devices, is expected to enjoy the maximum market dividend.
So far, the company has become a leading expert in the field of radio frequency devices and wireless connections in the country. Model products continue to function, providing a wide range of medium-term growth space.
The company pre-positioned and actively promoted the module business, produced by 2020 and supplied to a large number of well-known mobile-phone manufacturers, with a share of nearly 10% of the module collection and a high Māori rate of 67.24%. As the module products continue to be imported, the company’s growth space is opened up and profits are made.
The company will raise 3 billion yuan in high-end filter products, take advantage of the development lead, and optimize the layout of the product. The company will continue to push.
Cooperation with surrogate plants, sealing plants and building some of their own production lines, circumventing the ability of designers to better understand the problems of manufacturing processes, optimizing the cost of products, improving the competitiveness of modules and high-end products, and further consolidating the technological advantages of firms.
The Division maintains a “recommended” rating as the technological strength and expansion capacity of domestic radio front-end devices.
Cheuk Seung-woo (300782): 2021q1 is over-expected, radio-frequency taps are growing faster, east is a source of wealth and prosperity, Chen Woo-chul
Master of Finance, University of Shandong, Graduated from Harbin University of Industry, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the Central and Guang Nuclear Group, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 for research in the electronics sector.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the performance of 2021q1 is over-expected, and that the rapid growth of the radio frequency tap does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.