Performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021: The radio frequency tap effect highlights the rapid growth of demand in front-end markets, the ability of companies to seize the 5g and national production alternative development opportunities, the continued enrichment and optimization of product structures, and the continued promotion of firing while maintaining the competitive advantage of radio frequency separation devices
Marketization process for FMT products. UHF technology platform strategy continues to move forward, increasing market share: companies are the leading domestic roll-out of high frequency and market-driven HF product for 5g communications and radio frequency module products
One of the companies, which continuously enriches and optimizes the matrix of radio frequency products, has essentially completed the full layout of radio frequency switches, low noise amplifiers, filters (saw, ipd), radio frequency power amplifiers, radio frequency modules, etc., front end products of radio frequency and low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips, as well as the transmission of radio frequency filters/
The module’s industrial chain of crystal circle manufacturing, sealing, etc. has been actively extended to upgrade the technology and volume of product processes and production capacity, and the market for product applications has continued to expand to such areas as smart phones, smart wear, smart homes, communications bases, auto electrons, drones, blue earphones and network equipment.
Antenna switch products are internationally leading and highly recognized in the market; multi-gain Inna has been negotiated for import at a well-known mobile phone factory and is expected to enter bulk production and supply; radio frequency module products are rich in shape (including difem/lfem/lnabank, etc.) and cover the full application of the receiving end.
1. Chewie (300782). Performance is one of the most cost advantages of the production that has been negotiated in a number of smart cellular plants, namely, the prospect of a few in the industry that are able to produce a new high- and radio-frequency configuration.
One of the manufacturers of radio frequency module products; wififem products have been delivered to mobile smart terminals and network network equipment customers, and wifi6 connecting module products have been delivered to customers
The company ' s various types of radio frequency products create efficient synergies and continuously expand the market share of the products. 2; Chewie (300782); the radio frequency layout has expanded its lead and performed historically.
▪ R & D innovation strengthens competitive advantage and captures 5g and RFID alternative opportunities: through New High 2020-10-13, R & D innovation is promoted efficiently, firms accelerate R & D and overlap of new products, and products are reduced
3 “Dou Weiwei” (300782); Radio frequency sheeting time, raising the level of differentiation of products, being able to respond in a comprehensive manner to the individualized needs of customers, and the cost of the products, which are becoming more competitive.
The Board's leading role is highlighted as a record-breaking performance, with households covering major Andre mobile operators around the world, such as Samsung and Hmov, as the 5g market accelerates its expansion, New High 2020-07-09.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect to have a portfolio advisory committee with the approval of the China Securities and Regulatory Commission (CMSC) as the structure of the various types of radio frequency products is optimized and the customer base is improved