Accomplishing holdings (002352.sz) Expanding diversified logistics services with high input to short-term profit-taking Companies actively expanding new business blocks, building integrated logistics service providers, volume and collection regulations
The model will continue to grow, but the short-term benefits will continue to grow as new business inputs and capital spending of companies continue to grow. In the long run, integrated logistics capacity is being developed, as well as branding advantages, network advantages are expected to produce a public quarterly report in 2019: 24.28 billion yuan in operating income in the first quarter of 2019.
Youy+16.68%, net profit to the mother of 1,263 million yuan, yoy+27.94%, net profit after deduction of 836 million yuan, net sexual gain of 340 million yuan, proceeds from disposal of non-current assets of 400 million yuan, and government subsidy of 60 million yuan.
The pace of business growth slowed down in the quarter: the cumulative volume of business achieved by companies in the quarter was 982 million, which slowed down to 7 per cent. On the one hand, it was associated with the slowdown in business growth; on the other hand, it was expected to become more seasonal with the company’s new business taking over the structure. In March 2019, for the first time, the company made a separate disclosure of supply chain operations.
Combining revenues ($393 million, or 4.5 per cent), shows the increasing strategic and financial importance of supply chain operations to the public sector.
Cost control drives the Māori rate up: while business slowed down in the first quarter of 2019, prices increased by 6.2 per cent to $23.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, reflecting the company ' s effectiveness from the control initiative introduced in q4 in 2018, which resulted in an increase in the company ' s financial costs in the first quarter over the same period in 2018.
From 180 million to 180 million, the growth of the company’s performance has been significantly delayed. $6.5 billion in re-financing can continue to be invested in building backbone capacity: the company announces that it will issue a public transferable debt, and that the total amount to be raised will not exceed 6.5 billion yuan.
Projects such as maintenance, construction of intelligent logistics information systems, and automation of speed transport equipment. As the company’s assets continue to build up and become operational at its future airport, it will not only increase the efficiency of its domestic trans-shipment, but also be at the heart of its international transport development, which will further enhance its aviation capacity in the future.
Premium compensation (expected return; er) as follows:
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be duplicated or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The Associated Company may use or recommend any action prior to receipt of this report or on the basis of the information or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of this report.
@. This report ... is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.