Company review report  Non-ferrous metal industry group gold-mining asset injection, gold-growing gold (600489.sh)
Investment event: The company issued a public announcement about the acquisition of 100% of the stockholdings held by the Chinese Gold Group in Leizhou and 100% of the gold group’s claims to Lé County in the total transaction price of RMB 4.86 billion. Of this amount, the price of 100% of the stock exchange in Lei County was RMB 6.1442 million, and the price of the gold was RMB 6.4442 million.
The price of the group's debt to the Länder gold is $4,854 million.
The company intends to acquire 100% of the stockholders' gold group in Länder and 100% of the gold group’s claims to Länder. Länder holds 44% of the Länder money, and Lé State money holds Sage.
Gold mines. According to the Sandong Province 6th Geological Mineral Survey Institute, the Saaring gold exploration report for the Saaring mine in Lai County, Shandong Province, identified 13,444.2 million tons of mineral ore in the Saaring gold mine and obtained a mining certificate for the month.
Preliminary Design Note, the Saaring gold mine was designed to use 86.511.4 million tons of ore reserves, 263,123.24 kg of gold, with an average grade of 3.041 g/t. State enterprises have reformed asset injections, and companies have re-established their future growth.
By the end of 2022, the company held 507.3 tons of gold and metal and 19.93 tons of mineral gold per year. After the company successfully acquired the sarling gold mine, the company controlled the yellow.
In the wake of the completion of the Saaring gold mine, the company’s annual production of mineral gold is expected to increase significantly. State reform, with the infusion of high-quality group gold assets, will result in a significant increase in the company’s reserves and mineral production, which is expected to open up.
The company’s growth is also helping to restore the value of the company’s gold in China’s special valuation system. The investment proposal is that the Fed’s interest-rate-raising cycle will end soon, and the market is expected to warmer, and gold prices will rise.
A new round of state-owned reforms has accelerated, group-quality gold-mining assets have been injected, companies have been re-established, pes 16x, 13x, and a “recommended” rating has been maintained.
In 2021, I joined the Galaxy Securities Institute to conduct research in the non-ferrous sector. I promised to present this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.