The performance was in line with expectations, and the results of the resource build-up were significant.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn operating income in the first quarter of 2023 was $13.347 billion, an increase of 2.07 per cent in the same year; net profit return to the mother was $595 million, an increase of 20.39 per cent in the same year;
For the third year in a row, the return net profit after recurrent gain or loss is $543 million, which is a point of increase. In terms of cost rates, copper resources continue to grow.
During the 2022 reporting period, the company ' s geological prospecting accumulated RMB 220 million to complete the pit exploration works of 72,000 metres, the drilling works of 213,000 metres and the additional gold of 30.7 tons and the copper metal of 6244 tons.
2.26 million tons of copper metal, 46.96 million tons of molybdenum metal, and 640.14 square kilometres of mine rights. 1) Significant increase in company gold cost; 2) significant increase in company copper cost; 3)
The Federal Reserve is over-expected; 4) group assets are infused less than expected; 5) the company industry is introduced to the new material group, the corporate strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Du Fei, a member of the carbon neutral group, a Bachelor of Science from Nakayama University, a Master of Science from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, and responsible for research on color and new materials, reflects my research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.