Equity Research · Company
Midea Group
Midea doubles down on robotics as
cooperation with KUKA strengthens
(000333:CH)
Midea speeds up consolidation of KUKA. The KUKA Executive Board has
Rating
Buy
decided to merge the China divisions of both its General Industry
Issuing analyst:
Business and its subsidiary Swisslog Holding AG-which specializes in
Steven Liu, CFA, PhD (CE No.: AMO971)
integrated automation solutions for hospitals, warehouses and
distribution centers-with Midea. KUKA and Midea will each hold a 50%
stake in the JV. Meanwhile, a robot park will be built in Midea's
headquarters Shunde in the manufacturing heartland of Guangdong
Province, eying a capacity of 75,000 robots (with a total capacity of
100,000 robot units including existing capacities) by 2024.
Share price performance
Midea better poised to ride the automation wave. As part of the
Industry Internet drive, Midea's deepened cooperation with KUKA will
accelerate the world's largest home appliance maker's transformation
into an industrial automation powerhouse. This follows a tie-up with
YASKAWA in 2015 to gatecrash into the robotics field, its acquisition of
KUKA in 2016 to extend to robotics hardware manufacturing and the
purchase of Servotronix in 2017 to complement KUKA's weakness in the
robot control systems area.
The latest move puts Midea in a better position to reap the benefits of
the wave of automation sweeping across China, the world's biggest
market for industrial robots.
for 2017-2019, corresponding to 21x/17x/14x PER. Maintain Buy.
Risk factors: stiffening competition in the home appliance market;
volatility in raw material prices and labor supply.
Listed company brief
Earnings forecast
Listed company brief
Research
Institutional Sales & Trading
LIU Taisheng, Steven
XIANG Xinrong, Ron
TMT
HO Wen Hao, Jack
CHAN Ka Yeung, Duncan
Commodity
WANG Zhuo, Gary
TIAN Yang
Automotive
LEE Ying Ju, Rose
SUN Lingxiao, Roger
LI Jiageng, Mike
Industrials
XIA Tian
YAO Xue, Snowy
Power & coal
XU Xiaowei, Vincent
SHEN Xiangfei, Thomas
XU Qiwen
Listed company brief
Company Rating Definition
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index; Time Horizon: 12 months
12-month absolute total return: >=10%
Buy
Hold
12-month absolute total return: >-10% but <10%
Sell
12-month absolute total return: <=-10%
Disclosure of Interests
As of the date of this report,
The research analysts primarily responsible for the preparation of all or part of this report hereby certify that:
the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect the personal views of each such analyst about the subject securities and
(i)
issuers; and
(ii)
no part of the analyst's compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views
expressed in this research report.
The research analysts primarily responsible for the preparation of all or part of this report, or his/her associate(s), do not have any interest
(including any direct or indirect ownership of securities, arrangement for financial accommodation or serving as an officer) in any company
mentioned in this report.
This report has been produced in its entirety by China Securities (International) Brokerage Company Limited ("China Securities (International)")
(CE Number: BAU373, regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong)
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
trading or agency broking in relation to securities have no financial interest, in aggregate, equal to or more than 1% of the market capitalization
in the stocks reviewed in this report.
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
months from listed corporations whose stocks are being reviewed by China Securities (International) in this report.
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
trading or agency broking in relation to securities do not have any individual employed by or associated with them serving as an officer of a
listed corporation whose stocks are being reviewed by China Securities (International) in this report.
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
trading or agency broking in relation to securities may act as the market markers in the stocks reviewed by China Securities (International) in
this report.
Disclaimer
This report is for information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer to sell or to solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities in
any jurisdiction. The securities referred to in this research report may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. This information contained in
this report has been compiled by China Securities (International) from sources that it believes to be reliable and the opinions, analysis, forecasts,
projections and expectations contained in this report are based on such information and are expressions of belief only and no representation, warranty
or guarantee is made or given by China Securities (International) or any person for its accuracy or completeness. All opinions and estimates expressed
in this report are (unless otherwise indicated) entirely those of China Securities (International) as of the date of this report only and are subject to
change without notice. Such opinions and estimates may be different from or contrary to the opinions presented by the other business departments,
units or affiliates of China Securities (International), as different assumptions and standards, different views and analytical methods may be adopted
in the preparation of such other materials, and China Securities (International) is under no obligation to bring such other materials to the attention of
any recipient of this report. Neither China Securities (International) nor its holding companies and affiliates accept any liability whatsoever for any
direct or consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this report or otherwise arising in connection therewith.
Any investment referred to herein may involve significant risk, may be illiquid and may not be suitable for all investors. The value of or income from
any investment referred to herein may fluctuate and be affected by changes in exchange rates. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
This report does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. Investors are
expected to make their own investment decision without relying on this publication. Before entering into any transactions in any securities referred
to in this research report investor should consider their own individual investment objectives and financial situation and seek professional financial,
tax and legal advice, as necessary.
This report is strictly confidential to the recipient. It is being supplied to you solely for your information and may not be reproduced, redistributed
or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published, in whole or in part, for any purpose. The distribution of this report in other
jurisdictions may be restricted by law, and persons into whose possession this report comes should inform themselves about, and observe, any such
restrictions. By accepting this report you agree to be bound by the foregoing instructions.
China Securities (International) Research
18/F, Two Exchange Square, Central, Hong Kong
Bloomberg: CSCR