Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) buys (first rating) leads the integrated layout, new product release drives higher profitability, vertically integrated industries leads, guaranteeing cost competitiveness. Companies start with battery chips, the largest in the industry.
One of the early vertically integrated layouts, the production of silicon and battery tablets at the end of 2021 is about 80% of the output of the components.
The company raised about $5 billion in May 2022 for 20gw silicon rods and silicon tablets, pilot projects in the development of hjt batteries, continuously improving the integrated layout, guaranteeing cost competitiveness.
The component was ranked second in the world in volume of 24.1gw, with a strong branding effect from a series of years of top European and Australian photovoltaic brands and a 100% financing rating of bnef. Corporate marketing services network spread across 135 countries and territories across the globe, with overseas revenues accounting for 60% in 2021 and distribution revenue 35% in 2021.
Accelerating the overseas distribution of production capacity, which is expected to reach 4/5/3.5gw by the end of 2022 for the South-East Asia base silicon/battery/components, and in the current complex and volatile international trade environment, full and active overseas channels and production power can effectively enhance the supply capacity of companies to high-priced, high-profit markets abroad and ensure that companies are able to deliver their goods.
In 2012, the company battery technology led the industry, with 23.6 per cent of the main output conversion efficiency of single crystal perc battery in 2021 and sustained growth in production.
Industry leads. The company is actively working on the N-type technology layout, which was launched in May 2022 with a volume-producing N component product, product Deepblue 4.0 x single-watt power generation, which is about 3.9% higher than the p-type, and is expected to reach 26gw in 2023, taking into account that the N-type product will achieve overprofits of about 0.1 yuan/w, with n
The company’s profitability is expected to continue to increase as a result of the increase in the share of goods produced.
Risks of deterioration of the international trade environment; risk of recurrent outbreaks; risk of irrational expansion of industrial capacity; lack of progress in new technologies; risk of currency exchange rate fluctuations; and risk of stock restrictions.
1.1 The 17-year-old plowing luminous module taps, which started with the battery blades, and the 17-year-old integrated module taps. The company started with the production of the pyrotechnics, which started in 2006 and became the world ' s largest supplier of battery tablets in 2010q2.
The company began to expand its silicon business and then moved on to an integrated layout, with the first batch of components entering the world in 2012 and exceeding the volume of battery chips and completing the transition from battery to assembly.
The company's main business is the operation of photovoltaic silicon tablets, batteries, components, and photovoltaic power stations. The company's silicon and batteries are mainly internal.
For assembly processing, the component business contributed 95.54 per cent of operating income and 92.41 per cent of gross gross in 2021
The company’s shareholdings changed considerably after the mortgage was put on the market, and the original sole shareholder, J. A. J. A., became the company’s sole shareholder.
As of August 5, 2022, the owner and his co-operator held 47.65% of the company.
In May 2022, the company launched a total of 7,438 million shares to raise about $5 billion for the 20gw silicon stick and 20gw silicon silicon project, the pilot project for the development of the hjt battery and the replenishment of liquidity.
20gw silicon sticks and 20gw silicon tablets: the construction period is expected to be about two years, and the company's integrated layout will be improved, while large-scale silicon production will reduce costs and enhance competitiveness.hjt battery research and development pilot project: the construction period is expected to be 18 months and will target new metalworking processes
Research on development, development of new passivated membrane and development of new transparent conductive membrane to upgrade medium-test production capacity of different-mass pulverized batteries. 1.2 Increased output contributes to higher performance and sustained increases in R & D inputs
In 2021, the company achieved a revenue of $41.3 billion, an increase of 59.8 per cent in the same year, a net return of $2,039 million, an increase of 35.3 per cent in the same year, and benefited mainly from an increase in the volume of goods delivered. As a result of the rise in the price of silicon and the cost of shipping, the company ' s Māori rate fell in 2021.
The net profit rate lags behind the income growth rate, with the company ' s Māori rate/net interest rate increasing profitability by $12.32 billion in 2021, representing an increase of 77.1 per cent for 2022q1, and the parent ' s net profit of $750 million, representing an increase of 378.3 per cent for 2022q1, respectively.
Costs remain low and R & D inputs continue to increase. In 2021, the company’s sales/management costs were $1 billion factored into R & D costs. Companies continued to scale up their R & D efforts, and by the end of 2021 they had granted 1086 patents, of which 168 were patents, an increase of 37 from 2020.
Headlineization, integration, higher barriers to component entry, a clear trend towards heading component 2.1, and higher barriers to scale, which have gradually increased side-priced access to power generation in recent years as photovoltaics have developed globally and have grown into a terminal market.
In mature industries of hundreds of billions of yuan/years, components have become the highest barriers to entry into the industrial chain. Barriers to components are derived from the enterprise’s product capacity (including supply capacity, power generation efficiency, iterative speed, R & D accumulation, etc.), historical supply performance, financial health, global channel layout, business management capacity, etc.
The combination of multiple factors is reflected in the following: Size: the end is a “big-to-big” pattern, and the trend of concentration is to build high-scale barriers. As the trend of flat-cost Internet access rises, the share of large energy groups among component end-users increases to secure production.
Consistency of goods and stability of supply have led large energy groups to opt for large suppliers. In 2021, large overseas energy groups entered into large orders with head-assembly firms, such as the Crystal Dubai 1000mw and the Tensian Brazil 850mw.
Brands: Head assembly manufacturers receive high ratings based on combined capabilities to enhance single capacity. Photovoltaic power plants operate for more than 20 years, making the terminal customers/investors more likely to have priority financing for component enterprises with a high degree of business continuity and financial soundness.
Products: component technology upgrades at a speed, leading to a gap between the head enterprise and the product ' s ability to adapt. The technology of batteries and components has accelerated in recent years, with multiple mains, halfs, welding, large silicons, etc.
The N-type battery, among other things, increases the ability of head firms to obtain a single income with a leading product layout that allows them to enjoy a premium on the sale of high-efficiency products and higher profitability. Channels: markets and demand are becoming more fragmented, regional coverage, and overseas production can be decided by firms.
High volumes of goods and profitability. After a smoother price, the end demand presents a “not bright west” trend, with the globalization of head enterprises, multi-application marketing strategies that will enhance their resilience to wind and risk, and high overseas premium market layouts that will result in excess profits for firms.
An earlier external-market signature would reduce the pressure on firms to manage the supply chain by keeping large-scale components operating at a higher level and guaranteeing relatively lower production costs. Supply chain: the management of head enterprises is more forward-looking and ensures reliability of supply.
The price volatility of the chain, such as the 2020 glass and the 2021 silicon material, is evident. In the event of uneven supply and demand and volatile prices, head companies can secure the supply of raw materials through forward-looking supply chain management, such as long sheets, joint ventures with upstream firms, etc.
The supply of components is guaranteed and the market is raised. There is a clear trend towards head-to-headization of components. In recent years, driven by a significant increase in the cost of raw materials, the component links have been rapidly concentrated head-to-head, with a global component market of 73.8 per cent in 2021, an increase of 6.9 pct.
The top four components account for about 70% of the top four. 2.2 Integration smooths the risk of profit fluctuations and reduces production costs.
Because of the relative fragmentation of the pattern and the low technical barriers, the lack of bargaining power in the face of upstream and downstream migration, and the relatively low levels of profitability that have prevailed over the long term, especially in the light of the large price volatility of the industrial chain in the last two years, the single component chain is at a disadvantage in safeguarding procurement and transmission cost pressures, with higher profit margins.
Integration cost advantages are clear, with the supplier of the head component being an integrated enterprise. Integrated component enterprises can save production costs by providing their own silicone, battery, and smooth the profits from the volatility of the industrial chain.
Risks, improving the cost-controlability of components and enjoying some bargaining power when raw materials are in short supply, as the current suppliers of head components are all integrated enterprises.
Figure 21: Integrated production capacity (gw) for head-assembly units at the end of 2021 provides a reasonable allocation of integrated production capacity to ensure high start rates for silicon tablets, battery chains, and further reduce costs. Components are light asset-specific, flexible and have negligible cost implications.
In the case of integrated enterprises, a reasonable planning of silicone and battery production (generally 70-80%) based on component capacity can help them maintain their own silicone and battery links with a higher start-up rate during the short season of demand.
Savings in non-silicon costs and improved price competitiveness. 3. Lead in integration guaranteed cost advantages, multi-pronged promotion of higher profitability, 3.1 lead in integration layouts that enhance cost competitiveness, and sufficient long sheets to guarantee sound operations
▪ Batteries start at the beginning, and there is a significant advantage in leading the integrated layout. As photovoltaic mainstream process technology stabilizes, cost curves are flattening, overseas markets increase supply chain retroactive requirements, and photovoltaic enterprise finance capacity rises, the trend towards integration of the main industrial chain becomes clearer, with large fluctuations in the prices of some raw materials in the last two years.
The company started with a battery film business, then cut into components and silicon links, with a self-supply ratio of over 100% in 2016-2017, one of the first vertically integrated production capabilities in the industry.
Visible integration techniques and cost advantages: Integration layouts can provide a strong guarantee of upstream supply of raw materials, reduce supply and demand relationships in intermediate markets The impact of changes on profitability and increase resilience to risk;
The whole industry chain layout contributes to the implementation of comprehensive and rigorous product quality control across the industrial chain, and the multi-chain configuration contributes to a better understanding of the key links, which can be operated in a synergistic manner from the point of view of production, supply, quality control, logistics transport and power generation applications.
Figure 23: Integration of the production capacity of companies by link
By the end of the year, the planned output of the components is over 50gw, and silicon and battery capacity will continue to be about 80% of the output of the components. Thanks to a well-developed integrated layout, the production capacity of the companies silicon rod/silicon silicon, silicon, batteries, and components has remained above 85% since 2016.
Vertical integration cost advantages are clear, and profitability continues to lead. The integration layout helps companies reduce the risk of production costs, smooth profit fluctuations, and the Māori ratio of company components continued to rise between 2017 and 2019, mainly due to the continued release of low-cost silicon rods/silicon tablets in low-cost, low-priced areas.
The cost of silicon in 2019 fell from 0.98 in 2017 to 0.48 in 2019; affected by the epidemic and the sharp rise in the price of raw materials silicon from 2020 to 2021, interest rates for the industry as a whole declined, but corporate profitability continued to remain on the front line of the industry, with the company group in 2021.
Māori is 14.15%, and the unit cost of production is 1.46 yuan/w, which is better than most manufacturers in the industry. Figure 26: The company maintains a high level of productivity utilization across the chain, sufficient to guarantee a stable supply of the main raw materials.
In the supply of silicon, the company has signed a long list with a number of large silicon manufacturers, such as the All, New and Asian Silicon Industries, and the Consorts, with a sum of $315 million in June 2021.
9% share in shares and invest in the construction of a multi-silicon project with a yearly output of 100,000 tons, with full security of future supply of silicon.
3.2 The global first-line component brand, with a decentralized layout that guarantees continued profitability, has developed a strong branding power.
The combined branding effect of field credit, marketing services, etc., is an important factor for downstream customers to consider when selecting a photovoltaic component supplier. For the sixth year in a row, the company was awarded the European top photovoltaic brand by an authoritative research institute, eupdresearch, and for the third year in a row, the Australian top photovoltaic brand, 2020, 2021.
Yearly awarded by the U.S. authority testing agency, Retc Renewable Energy Experiment Center, with the "Best for Full Performance" honour, six consecutive times rated by the global authority, independent third-party photovolt test agency, pvel, as a "Best for Performance" component supplier, and by bnef as a top-class financeable brand, corporate product acquired tüv
The company is the first Chinese photovoltaic battery to go to sea. The company is the first Chinese photovoltaic battery to go to sea.
One of the first manufacturers to enter the Japanese market and set up a branch in 2012, the top of the Japanese market in 2014, creating a high-end brand image of the company abroad and laying the groundwork for its subsequent successful entry into the European and American market. From 2016, the corporate share of overseas market revenue rose rapidly, and in recent years it has been abroad.
Figure 30: Corporate revenue from overseas has improved worldwide distribution & service channels over the years. By the end of 2021, companies had 13 sales companies abroad, with around 400 global vendors, and distribution services networks were spread across 135 countries and countries around the world.
By 2020, the Māori rate for overseas components was higher than for domestic municipalities.
This is mainly due to the higher acceptance of component prices in the United States, Europe, Japan, etc. In 2021, the Māori rate in offshore markets declined, mainly because overseas markets are generally 6-10 months ahead of schedule, whereas within the country it is only about 1 month earlier, low-cost overseas orders can be made in advance when raw material prices rise sharply.
In addition, the large increase in shipping costs in 2021 will have an impact on the profitability of overseas markets. As the pace of overseas market signing moves towards home country, and component firms sign orders that incorporate such factors as price volatility of raw materials, freight costs, etc., it is expected that the cost of overseas markets will follow.
The profit advantages of high price acceptance will gradually be justified. Figure 35: Māori ratio of company domestic and overseas component operations Figure 34: Prices of single crystal perc components in major overseas areas (US$/w)
Global fragmentation continues to increase profitability. Fragmented end-market layout enhances corporate resistance. Policies have led to negative growth in the performance of a large number of domestic photovoltaic firms, while global distribution components (public, Attez, Crystal) have experienced negative growth, with net corporate profits increasing by 32% on a year-on-year basis.
In the context of growing demand, high distribution ratios and high regional coverage mean that companies can better meet the growing global dispersion of demand, guaranteeing companies a sustained increase in the volume of output, market ownership, and profitability, accelerating the deployment of overseas production capacity to enhance global supply capacity. Companies began overseas capacity-building in 2015.
By June 2022, the company Viet Nam and Malaysia had production bases with production capacity of 1.5/5/3.5gw, while Viet Nam had 2.5gw silicon production capacity in the construction phase, with production bases in Viet Nam and Malaysia expected to be in place by the end of 2022.
Silicon/battery/assemblies will produce more than 4/5/3.5gw. The lower cost of South-East Asian production will allow companies to fully exploit branding advantages and achieve significant excess profits in the short and medium term, as a result of high US tariffs on light voltage; in addition, the U.S. Department of Commerce issued a memorandum on 2 May clarifying the sea at the official level.
The outer silicon is free from anti-circumvention constraints, and a well-developed, integrated overseas production and capacity layout can guarantee companies’ future export to the US. In the current complex and volatile international trading environment, a comprehensive and dynamic overseas layout can effectively enhance the company’s ability to supply high-value, high-profit markets abroad and continuously improve its profitability.
Figure 37: Out-of-country distribution of production capacity of head-assembly enterprises (gw) Figure 38: Geographical distribution of production capacity by company chain (gw) 3.3n products entering the harvest period to increase profitability
Through technological progress and product innovation, head-assembly firms keep updating their product efficiency/power records to guide industry trends.
High profit margins. Cost of high-efficiency products amortized packaged components and bos for power station installation, with a clear premium and profit margin advantage. According to the pvinfolink offer, there is a marked difference in the price of single crystal components in different power segments, with a premium of about 2~3/w for high-capacity products.
Figure 39: Component power and group power development and projections Figure 40: Significant differences in the prices of different power segment components ($/w) High power components have been the preferred choice for most power station precipitation efficiency since 2021.
In 2022, in a clear bid line, more than 182 dimensions were set. The proportion of high-power components over 500w reached 82.16%, while the power of mega-bid projects such as Chinese electricity and China's nuclear transfer capacity became absolute mastery and the penetration of efficient products increased rapidly.
Battery business started with a deep accumulation of battery technology. The company started with battery business and won a patent in 2012 for the perc battery invention. In 2013, the first 20% switch was made to the industrialization web print p battery.
"Yun Soo" was quickly raised in the Japanese market, where the quality of the product was stringent; in 2016, he received a patent for a double-sided perc battery invention, which successfully solved the problem of light loss (lid) of the baboon-p silicon perc battery. Continuous battery technology breakthroughs and process improvements provide the firm with the opportunity to maintain its technological leadership.
Volume conversion efficiency continues to be a leader. In 2021, the company's main production of single crystal perc battery was 23.6%, and continues to be a leader in the industry.
Mainly standard version 72 power up to 560w and version 78 power up to 605w, providing higher value-for-money products to market customers. By virtue of product advantage, the winning share of the company group continues to be ahead, and according to incomplete statistics, the winning share of the company ' s components in 2022 will be higher.
Figure 43: Corporate crystalline perc battery conversion efficiency versus peer
Active layout N battery technology to continuously improve product competitiveness. In May 2022, the company launched a technology-based mass-product product, Deepblue 4.0x, with high-efficiency n bycium+ battery technology, with a higher-quality base material and structure and a high-volume battery production efficiency.
More than 24.8% with maximum power of 625w and maximum assembly conversion efficiency of 22.4% bycium+n with high efficiency of 24.8%, core technology 1: autonomously developed n silicon.
N-high-quality silicon silicon, controlled below 12 ppm in order to meet the high-temperature process oxygen sensitivity of the battery; p-silicon life expectancy at millisecond level, 50 times the P-silicon life standard; p-m10 size, component product size design, transport installation, etc.
Inherits perc, reducing the client's extra input. Core technology 2: surface passivation structure. Reduction of load is one of the adjustable measures to increase battery circuit voltage, achieve higher switching efficiency.
Learning passivation + field passivation, surface current density < 15fa/cm2 and surface loads are almost zero; outside, the back exposure passivation is used in view of the load problems caused by metalization. Bycium+n batteries currently have circuit voltage of 720 mv, about 40% higher than p batteries.
Core technology 3: grid design. Bycium+n batteries use ultra-fine metalization + double-sided refrigerated membrane to reduce metal Compositeity, increase light cover and increase battery conversion efficiency. Deepblue 4.0x components achieve maximum efficiency of 22.4% and power of up to 625w.
The company and the tüv North German have generated about 3.9 per cent more electricity for the Deepblue x component than for the conventional p-perc component at the PVE base in the Silvergawa country, with bos and loce down 2.1 per cent and 4.6 per cent, respectively, from the current mainstream ultra-high current p-perc component.
The design of the deepblue 4.0x component meets a variety of scenarios, such as household use and power stations, using zero-sleet soft interconnection technology to meet the two-way increase in power and efficiency. In addition, the deepblue 4.0x component has a lower decay rate, a better temperature factor, a higher double-face rate and a higher degree of efficiency.
Greater power generation gains can be achieved by good light performance. Figure 47: excellent reliability of the Deepblue 4.0x assembly Temperature coefficient - 0.3 per cent/°C; P-type power generation gain + 2 per cent (work temperature 55°C)
Double-face rate of 80 per cent (generally 70 per cent for type P); power generation gain of 0.9 per cent (assuming 10 per cent for back-side gain); radiation gain of 100-600 versus p generation gain of 0.8 per cent; early morning and late; and other weak light conditions; Figure 48: company-n dual-face generation gain of about 3.9 per cent over company-n components.
The company is expected to start production in the second half of the year, while actively researching and storing hjt, ibc, thorium and stacking battery technologies and maintaining core competition to achieve the vision of a higher power component in the future.
The topcon line continues to be in operation, and the size of the N-type product increases profitability. According to the open letter, the company is expected to build 1.3gw/5gwn battery lines from the second half of this year to the beginning of next year, while 10gwn battery projects are planned in Yunnan and Yangzhou.
After 2023 years, N-type battery capacity will reach 26gw, and it is expected that 2023-n products will be delivered on a real scale. Given that N-type products will achieve overprofits of about 0.1/w, the company’s profitability is expected to continue to increase as the N-type ratio rises.
It is proposed to invest $356 million in a pilot project to build hjt in Yangzhou. The Hjt battery has improved significantly relative to perc efficiency, and the company is about to start working on a test line in an hex-efficient battery.
The components analysis and testing laboratories and empirical power stations, among others, provide a full range of support and services for technology development and transfer.
Outwards: The photovoltage industry continues to be very high, and we expect a new global load from 2022 to 2024, not 240/320/400gw, to boost the rapid growth in demand for the components. By the end of 2021, the company’s photovoltaic output of the components was 40gw, and is expected to rise to over 50gw by the end of 2022, with the component markets.
Focus on the head, taking into account the company's integration cost advantages, the decentralized layout and the n-type product belt.  Profit: Upstream raw material silicon prices continued to rise in 2022, and 22q4 silicon prices are expected to go down the road as new silicon capacity moves into production gradually, taking into account the company's n-type product.
The profit premium resulting from the increase in the share of goods is expected to be a steady increase in single-watt profits for the company's components, and it is expected that the “equal-cost Internet access” photovoltaic station project will generate electricity on-line by the end of 2022, further increasing the size of the self-sustaining power plant. The company's operation is expected to contribute $578/887/94.9 million.
▪ Cost assumption: Corporate sales/management costs are expected to drop steadily as income size increases, and we use the pe valuation method to select three components of Lungi Green Energy, Trina Light Energy, Crystal Energy, as comparable companies, with an average of three comparable companies per company in 2022-2024.
▪ The high profile of the photovoltaic industry has led to an increase in demand for components, with a steady rise in the market share of the head component companies, which are the traditional champions of photovoltaic integration, enhanced cost competitiveness in the integrated layout, increased diversification of channels and production capacity, increased profitability in the layout, and the entry of type N products into the harvest period, estimated at 35 times the size of 2023.
Risks of deterioration in the international trade environment: As the proportion of photovoltaics in the energy structure of countries continues to rise, China, as a unique presence in the field of photovoltaic manufacturing, may still face more stringent trade barriers in other countries (although such barriers may lead to an increase in the cost of using clean energy in the country).
Epidemic risk: If the epidemic causes global economic recovery to fall short of expectations, the negative impact of the epidemic on the demand for electricity and its increase is expected to be higher, leading to a lack of installed power to sustain rapid demand growth, even if photovoltaic costs have dropped significantly and become the cheapest source of electricity.
▪ Risk of irrational expansion of industrial capacity: Against the background of a clear double carbon target, the expansion of the photovoltaic sector has accelerated significantly, with signs of significant cross-border capital entry again, low unit capacity investment in components, short product extension cycles, and the risk of a gradual pattern of competition and a deterioration in profitability.
▪ New technologies are not as advanced as expected: company-n component products are still being developed, and if new technology development is not as advanced as expected, this may lead to less than expected improvements in corporate profitability. ▪ RMB currency exchange rate volatility risk: more than 60% of corporate revenue comes from overseas areas, if exchange rates occur
Large fluctuations may result in higher exchange losses for companies, resulting in lower net profit performance than anticipated, after which the final rating is calculated on an average basis to be used as an average market investment