The mechanical team is back on track, the world's leaders are back on track, the world's leaders are back on track, and business performance is rising steadily. The company is the global pipeline.
In the first place, business has been expanding in recent years and has now been structured as a “three-point nuclear” operation. 1h23’s Māori rate has risen to 21.1% and performance has recovered steadily. The company values the return of shareholders to railway equipment: railway equipment has recovered, internal sales and exports have benefited from double profit. (1)
Sales: Railway investment boom + passenger traffic recovery + high-level intensive periods, which need to be released in the pipeline. 1) Railway investment boom: according to the National Railways Agency, in January-July 23 years, our railway assets were solidified by $371.3 billion, an increase of 7.1 per cent, leading to an increase in the number of stops. 2) Passenger traffic is back on track.
In 23 years, according to the Ministry of Transport, our railway passenger traffic has gradually recovered, totalling 2,180 million in January-July, an increase of 115 per cent. With the resumption of passenger traffic, we have started a tender to warm back, and INT has been running for 103 groups for the first time in 23 years, more than 22 years).)
27.2 per cent. We have a five-stage repair cycle of approximately 10 years, or 22 years from now, with a significant increase in the demand for the fifth-grade repairs. According to the National Iron Tender Network, in January-August 23 years, we have introduced a high-level renovation of the wheeled-up group, which is well beyond the 198-set of 22-year-olds. (2) Exports: demand along the road is strong.
Sheng, the track hand-over to the sea achieved a zero-one breakthrough. In recent years, the demand for high-iron construction along the routes has been strong, our country has been deeply involved in the construction of its railways and is well on its way, and the first phase of the Central-Thai Railway is now in full construction phase, and the Pakistan-I railway main line upgrade project is expected to be completed in 25 years.
China’s cooperation with countries along the road has deepened in the field of railing, and our railing equipment companies have come up with new opportunities for development. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the company is the leader of the global railing equipment, accounting for 54.2% of the world’s cities in 21 years.
The company, as the leader of the global transhipment, is expected to continue to benefit from the transhipment as China and the countries along the route deepen their cooperation in the field of transhipment. On the basis of this, we expect the company's railway equipment to be in place for 23-25 years.
New industries: a new energy track to build a new engine of growth. The company’s new business grew rapidly, rising from 26% to 42% of its income, and has now become the company’s top business panel. (1) Three poles: 1) Wind power: the company’s city is the leading industry, according to international energy sources.
Net, 21-year-old company wind power generators sold first in the country, second in the country, and third in the towers, and second in the country. 2) New materials: 22 years of new material creation in the company era.
Applications are expected to catalyse a sustained growth in new material operations. 3) New energy commercial vehicles: Cars in stock companies have achieved a full industry chain layout of components - parts and components - power systems platforms - whole vehicles, with 7.3 per cent of new energy buses in 22 years and more than 6 metres of electric power in cars, and fifth in the country.
(2) “Multiple”: subsidiary-era electrical has an entire industrial chain from the device to the system, with a long-term technological build-up of 1h23 power semiconductors, industrial transformers, new energy motor power and power, with an increase of 79 per cent-/187 per cent and 91 per cent, respectively, and a number of operations in the future as products continue to be delivered.
Investments in fixed assets in railways were not as expected; bid procurement in start-up groups was lower than expected; offshore operations were not as well developed as expected: new industries were not growing as expected; exchange rate fluctuations were risky.1 Global pipeline equipment was well developed and diversified operations were well developed
1.1 Orbital transport equipment leads, multi-faceted business maps leads, and global orbital transport equipment leads. The company, which was combined in 2015 by the Chinese South and the Chinese North, is a global leading, full-scale, technologically high-quality orthopaedic equipment supplier, with major products including motor vehicles, motor cars, passenger cars, passenger cars, etc.
The company's strategy of “synergy diversity” has been to apply the technology of main transmissions, electrical aggregates, etc. in the field of orbital transport to wind power, new energy commercial vehicles and so on.
The “nuclear” is centred on orbital transport equipment, including railway equipment, urban rail and urban infrastructure: the “tripo” is an important growth pole for wind power equipment, new materials, new energy commercial vehicles; the “multipoint” is a new growth point for power semiconductors, new energy vehicles, industrial transformers, sensors, seaworks, etc.
According to the Department’s announcement, the company’s business of wind and new materials is now at the forefront of the country’s economy. The revenue structure is more even, with the new industry becoming the first business panel.
In the new sector, thanks to the overall deployment in the areas of wind power, new materials, new energy vehicles and the rapid growth of new industry operations, revenues of 77.1 billion yuan were achieved in 22 years, an increase of 7.4 per cent over the same period. As at 1h23, the share of new industry operations had risen to 42.2 per cent, making it the company ' s first largest operating block.
Figure 2: The 20-22 epidemic affected railway equipment revenue collection (millions of yuan) Figure 3:1h23, the first-largest operating block of the company's new industry
1h23 battalion has seen a breakthrough and a steady recovery in business performance. 1) End-of-income: corporate income was relatively stable in 17-22 years, with a capr of 1.1 per cent, with 23 years of recovery from the impact of the epidemic, a recovery in rail equipment, and a company ' s 1h23 income of 87.3 billion, with a per capita output rising from 13.9 million yuan to 1.42 million yuan, with significant efficiency gains in 21 years.
Cr450 sets a new world record of 891 km per hour, with high-high-speed combined-test testing trains reaching 350 km per hour, 80 km a/b standard Chinese subway train successfully offline, and increasing product competitiveness. The dividends, the dividends, the dividends, are steadily rising, and the company values shareholder returns.
2. Railway equipment: recovery of railway equipment, double profit from inward and export sales 2.1: roll-out of railway investment + recovery of passenger traffic + high-intensity renovation period, release of railway investment point upwards at 2.1.1 and recovery of additional high-iron business mileage
According to the National Development and Reform Commission, the total size of the country's fixed capital investment during the 14th and 13th Five-Year periods is projected to be 7489 million yuan and 719.0 billion yuan, respectively, so that the average value of fixed assets investment in 23-25 years is projected to be 843.4 billion yuan, a ten-year period.
According to the National Railways Authority, investment in fixed assets in our railways in January-July of 23 years amounted to $371.3 billion, an increase of 7.1 per cent.
Figure 13: Investing in fixed assets in railways grew in 23 years. According to the Development Plan for the Modern Integrated Transport System (hereinafter referred to as “Plan”), the plan for 25 years for railway operations reached 165,000 km. According to the National Railways Authority, by the end of 22 years, we had 155,000 km of railways.
It is expected to grow by an average of 3,300 km per year for 23 to 25 years, with a recovery in additional miles of high iron, with new railways dominated by high iron. According to the Plan, the country's high iron business mileage plan for 25 years is 50,000 km. According to the National Railways Agency, by the end of 22 years, the country's high iron mileage was estimated to be 42,000 km, with an estimated 23-25 km.
The country’s new railways will be dominated by high irons, and it is expected that by 25 years, the ratio of high iron miles to total railways will increase to high iron mileage growth, which will facilitate the release of the demand for moving cars. According to the National Railways Bureau, the overall density of the country’s mobile car fleets remained around 0.9 in 11-19.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, mobile fleet holdings are expected to continue to increase. Assuming that the density of mobile fleets is restored to 0.9 in 25 years, and 50,000 km in 25 years of state-planned high-iron operations, the fleet holdings are expected to rise to 45,000.
2.1.2 The recovery of railway passenger traffic and the upturn in the procurement needs of mobile teams have been affected by the epidemic every year, with the volume of railway passenger traffic falling by 39.8 per cent and 35.9 per cent, respectively, since 23 years of gradual recovery, bringing the total number of railway passenger traffic to 2,118 million in January-July, an increase of 115.1 per cent compared with the previous month of 23 years.
In March-July of 23 years, the number of railway passengers rose by 0.50 per cent /7.74 per cent /5.73 per cent and 15.04 per cent respectively over the same period of 19 years. This is an overall upward trend, with the number of passengers responding.
In June of 23 years, INT issued its first bid announcement for the start of 23 years. The bid range included 350 km per hour Recover, the intelligent configuration of the engine group 85 (8 formations), and the 9th column 18 (16 formations), for a total of 94 columns 103, the initial bid has exceeded the 22-year bid volume (86 arrays) and the upward trend in the acquisition requirements of the motor team is clear.
2.1.3 A high-level intensive maintenance period for the Car Unit is approaching, and the maintenance market is growing rapidly. According to the Iron Group's Rules for the Use of Railways for Maintenance of the Car Unit, it is conducted on a mileage cycle, supported by a period of time.
For advanced repairs, repairs are required at the plant; the renovation cycle is 1.2 million kilometres, 2.4 million kilometres, 4.8 million kilometres, or 3 years, 6 years, 12 years.
According to the list of shares of Willow, for example, the crh380a motor unit is required to perform approximately 15 advanced repairs during the full life cycle, of which 10,000 km or 6 years) and the cost of maintenance during the life cycle is approximately 1.5 times the cost of the new creation.
Often long-range transport and high-intensity operations, often in advance of all levels. For example, a train travels 2636 kilometres per day between Kyoto, 21 days per month (net of possible repairs) and 664 thousand kilometres per year, less than one year into the third level of inspections and approximately two years of operation.
According to the National Railways Agency, we have a high rate of increase in motor vehicle insurance in 12-15 years, with cagr reaching 27.2%, given that the vehicle inspection process in the country is often ahead of schedule.
Ten years after the launch of the vehicle, and 22 years later, a level 5 overhaul is required, and the maintenance market is expected to grow significantly as a result of the large-scale replacement of moving car parts by a level 5 overhaul.
The number of requests for amendments is 65 and 198, respectively. The benefits of the advanced intensive period and the gradual recovery of passenger traffic have reached a cumulative total of 290.25 in 23 years (January-August), well over a total of 22 years (198).