High-growth gold and copper mining poles, equipped with alternative premium options.
Long-term capacity, with higher prices expected to benefit from profitable growth and valuation expansion over a long period of time.
In the case of mineral copper, gold production has increased in a new round, with higher levels of profitability than in the case of active projects, and cash flows are good: in the case of mineral copper, between 40% and 60% of the production is higher in the case of mineral gold, and in the case of Vuritika, Chennan, thanks to the contribution of the Boul copper industry, Timok, Kamoa and Tibetan dragons.
In view of the quality of the company’s pending projects, the recovery period is about three years, without considering new mergers or acquisitions, operating a net cash flow sufficient to cover capital expenditures, the overall inflation of the company is expected to rise, the supply-demand relationship is good, the gold and copper prices are easy and extremely difficult, one of them being,
Gold is a global consensus and a belief that, as a measure of the value of credit money, inflation is expected to rise upwards as the epidemic recovers, the European-American stimulus policy becomes clear and the “average inflation target system” is implemented, which supports the price increase; even if the effects of the epidemic and the weak economy delay inflation, that means that the price will rise.
Second, global copper companies have been capitalizing low in recent years, with a relatively moderate pace of new production and release over the next two years, around 2% per year, consistent with the global economic growth hub, accompanied by a recovery in the global economy, especially China.
Data cut-off date: October 20, 2020, continued positive growth, coupled with low levels of copper stocks and full elasticity in the rise in copper prices.
How does the purple gold industry continue to grow in high quality? One is a low-level acquisition of high-quality resources, and the other is a high-level exploration for storage and technology expansion. Through more than a decade of business certification, the company maintains a faster growth in management team skills, an assessment of production and sales, and the value of the internationalization process.
A strong investment and management experience, low-grade mine scrapping, low-cost operating losses, and the ability to generate profits, provides the capacity to sustain effective growth through the cycle. Profit predictions and investment proposals: taking into account increased production, the company is expected to return a net return on its earnings in 20-22 years.
The company's planned growth in output is clear, the gold and copper prices are resilient, moving up to the “buy-in” rating, summer rejuvenation Risk factors: project progress is slower than expected, gold and copper prices fall, cyclicality and valuation risk
As domestic gold and copper development poles, production will increase, with long-term growth capacity, and prices are expected to rise upwards, and share prices will continue to benefit from profitable growth and valuation expansion.
The company’s share price has been adjusted by the gold and copper price shocks since September, and we believe that, first, the company’s planned growth in output is clear, the profitability of the start-up projects is higher than that of the active ones, and second, the cyclical factors, with the recovery from the epidemic, the clarity of the European-American stimulus policy and the implementation of the “average inflation target system.”
Inflation should be non-existent, gold prices at current levels are resilient, copper prices benefit from a smooth supply, economic demand, and upward and upward elasticity: third, companies have low-cost management capabilities and low-quality technology to acquire high-quality capital.
Without considering the expansion of refining and trading operations, driven mainly by increased mineral gold and copper production, we expect a sustained increase in company production of 2022 mineral gold and copper; the resumption of operations of the Powgra gold mine, with further clarity of the solution; and the release of the treasury,
Performance continued to grow; inflation and demand contributed to higher gold and copper prices; projects fell short of expectations; gold and copper prices fell, cyclicality and valuation risk.1 Corporate overview: China gold and copper mining poles
China’s gold and copper mining poles have grown into large multinational mining groups, dedicated gold, copper, and zinc mining, with a modest extension of the processing and trading operations. The company has important mining investment projects in 14 provinces and 12 overseas countries, most of which are located along the “one-way” route as of 2020.
At the end of the month, there were more than 2,000 tons of gold, more than 62 million tons of copper and about 10 million tons of zinc (lead), of which copper had more than half of the country ' s total, and one of China ' s most efficient metal mining industries, one of the most powerful and internationally competitive companies in the world.
In 2019, the company ' s combined mineral gold/mineral copper revenues and trading operations were based on mineral development and were affected by the continuing decline in the refining rates and the overall profitability of the mineral gold and copper operations.2 The new boom in mineral copper and gold production was of better quality, with better cash flow.
By the end of June 2020, the company had more than 62 million tons of copper and metal resources, one of China's largest reserves of copper and one of its largest producers, providing adequate security for the company's long-term development. Since 2020, the company has started a new round of project construction and investment.
The completion date, the launch of the copper mountain project, and the ongoing production of such projects as the timok copper gold mining project, which is currently in the early stages of its work, and the bronze molybdenum mine of the Peruvian River, are conservatively projected to produce more than 1 million tons of copper from the company by 2025, which should be close to 20 per cent of the annual compound.
The overall profitability of the construction of the main mineral copper project is higher than that of the existing project, with increased profitability associated with the release of production.
The prices of Kamoa and Timok are expected to be more conservative. Profit performance in the construction of the main mineral copper project is still higher than in the production project under relative guaranteed price projections. 2.2 Mineral gold is growing faster and is higher in quality than in the production project.
At the end of June, the gold reserves were more than 2,000 tons, the largest company in China with the largest reserves of gold resources. With the construction and commissioning of projects, and the contribution of projects such as Vuritika, Xuananan Li Dam, Guyana, among others, we are expected to start mining under the timok copper mining project, which is in the early stages of our work, and other projects, which are expected to expand.
In terms of profitability, continental gold (the Vuritika project) was acquired in late 2019 and is expected to be 25.3% after taxes.
Investment recovery period of 2.9 years, net present value after tax at 5 per cent discount rate of $780 million, measured at $1,200 per ounce far lower than London gold cash of $1,900 per ounce, fully assured of profitability; Guyana project acquired in June 2020, with poor financial performance compared to the company ' s overall mineral gold business, taking into account the relatively small size of the project and the entry of the purple gold mining industry
The cash flow performance is about to turn. The company's demand for capacity-building and project mergers and acquisitions has been huge in recent years, 2019.
At the beginning of the year, some $8 billion was raised, and net financing was over $13 billion in the first half of 2020. Indeed, since 2017, companies have been operating at 10 billion levels of net cash flow, fully able to cover normal capital expenditure, and the financing needs are mainly derived from M&As. Given the quality of the company’s pending projects, their profitability is assured, and the recovery period is around three years old.
The company will operate net cash flows to support normal capital expenditure and dividends and interest payments, and will not add up as a whole.3 Inflation expectations will shift upwards, supply-demand relationships will improve, and copper prices will be easy and extremely difficult 3.1 gold: global consensus and belief
Gold is a measure of the value of a credit currency. Although gold has long been out of circulation, according to the IMF Agreement, “Member States determine the value of their national currency by a common standard other than special drawing rights or selected gold”, the Fund “should avoid the objective of managing prices or setting fixed prices in the gold market” and the credit currency has also been established.
Clear decoupling from gold. But gold remains an international reserve, and, as evidence, gold prices have been 0.9 per cent relevant to the United States base currency balance since the end of the Bretton Woods system. Given the relative stability of the total supply, which is about 2 per cent of the stock, this correlation reflects the value of gold as a credit currency, whose prices have increased with its distribution.
Gold is not highly relevant to the dollar index. The more general view is that gold is essentially the alternative to the dollar, and that its price trends are most influenced by the dollar index and are of negative relevance. We believe that this view is not supported in the evidence and is not logical, as long as the overall monetary balance increases, even in the dollar.
Gold is a “zero-interest coupon” hedge asset, with real interest rates being the opportunity cost of holding gold, and the price of gold being negatively related to real interest rates. Using the United States 10-year inflation index (tips) as an indicator of the real interest rate level, it is historical data.
When you look at the negative correlation between tips and gold prices, the coefficient is -0.9. As real interest rates are equal to nominal interest rates that reduce inflation, nominal interest rates fall and inflation is expected to rise upwards to good gold prices. 3.2 Inflation is expected to rise and gold prices are securely marginal.
Since 2020, driven by the expansion of the central bank’s balance sheet, gold has fully represented the monetary value scale, rising to a high point in August. With the global new crown epidemic infection and the constantization of controls, the likelihood of a continuation of stimulus policy escalation has diminished, the global central bank has tightened monetary policy margins, and, at this point, the monetary value scale has been diluted, inflation logic will prevail, and no inflation logic will prevail.
Inflation is expected to be a key factor in the growth of gold prices. We believe that there are three main drivers of further inflation in the future, namely, the gradual landing of the new crown vaccine, the accelerated recovery, the clear European-American fiscal stimulus plan, and the Federal Reserve’s “average inflation target system,” the drums.
First, the new crown vaccine is on schedule, the successful and progressive development of the vaccine will significantly increase the level of global economic activity, and the combination of production-impeded stocks at a low level during the epidemic, and demand elasticity will give greater impetus to rising inflation to higher levels. According to the latest WHO data, as of September 9, there were 182 global new crown vaccine candidates for the pneumonia virus, and 36 clinical trials.
There are 146 pre-clinical studies, with 9 vaccines entering the 111th phase. According to reports from the Global Science and Life Health Forum on September 18th, 11 new crown vaccines are now in the clinical trial phase, 4 of which are entering the 111th clinical trial.
The clinical trials of the new coronary vaccine iii are now under way, and preliminary data are expected to be available as soon as November. Even if vaccine research and development are not as high as expected, monetary easing will continue to be a bottom-up economy in the context of the current two-time rise in the number of newly diagnosed cases abroad, and the price of gold will rise.
On the European side, European Union leaders agreed on 23 July on a recovery plan of $750 billion, exceeding market expectations. First, the final allocation was close to Euro39 billion, of which the size of the recovery and recovery project (rrf) was protected, and much more.
Together with the ECB’s expansion of €600 billion, the total size of which is much larger than the market expected. While lending is far less important than disbursement, lending on very low terms can provide attractive financing to southern European countries.
The implementation of the recovery plan, particularly through the advance issuance of EU bonds, has set a precedent for the EU’s institutional framework and budget operations. On the US side, negotiations on the fiscal stimulus package have stalled, and it is expected that the stimulus policy will go further after the November elections.
The US$ 2.3 trillion spending plan passed by Congress in March, the government’s assistance to small businesses and the unemployed ended at the end of July, and the two parties are currently at an impasse in the delivery of a new aid package. The main differences are in the overall scale of the stimulus package and some of the focused spending projects, which the Democratic Party advocates are significantly larger than the Republicans.
Against this background, Trump had to sign an executive order on 7 August “to provide the Americans with the relief they need”, including an extension of unemployment benefits until the end of the year, a suspension of the eviction of tenants, etc., and a suspension of the wage tax until December.
On the contrary, the White House apparently sought to reduce the stimulus, and US Chancellor Münuchin had expressed the hope that the total size of the new relief bill would remain around $1 trillion, except for the Republican “skinner” stimulus bill.
According to the Congressional Budget Office, the US federal budget deficit has risen to $3 trillion in the first 11 months of the fiscal year 2020. Given the general election contest, and the relative recovery of the former US economy, which has reduced the urgency of fiscal stimulus, the US fiscal stimulus has intensified.
We believe that the recovery in the United States economy, though evident from the recovery in November, is still weak, with only half of the 22 million job losses caused by the epidemic, and that the Fed President Powell’s latest speech of 6 October concluded that the recovery is far from over.
The post-election governance agenda for the boost of the economy has come to an all-out stage. Third, the Fed’s new “average inflation target system” of monetary policy framework is far-reaching, allowing inflation to outpace.
"Callengesandthefed 'smonetarypolicyreview " , a new edition of " Long-term goals and objectives "