The core competitiveness of the industry - the capacity for the acquisition and acquisition of quality resources - and the scarcity of quality mineral resources (601899.sh) have led to high levels of Maori, smelting and processing of low levels of Maori in the industry.
On average, Māori is 11.4 per cent and Māori is above 30 per cent at the mineral end, and the smelting Māori is far below average; the copper industry has an average Māori of 35.25 per cent in the upstream mines of Cao Xuan, compared to 4.32 per cent in the middle and deep downstream.
The root cause is the scarcity of good-quality mines, where only about 2-3% of the projects can be developed from exploration projects to mine projects, and where the size of the mines and the quality of the resources are taken into account, the quality of the resource projects is scarce; while central and downstream smelting is dependent on land, capital, energy, technology.
The development of a low-mori smelting and processing downstream industry is unhelpful, focusing on the development of the mine and the opportunity to acquire high-roe alpha-growth attributes. National colored enterprises are dominated by state-owned enterprises, most of which are larger.
Assets are strategic objectives for enterprise development, and the front end of the industry, regardless of the size of the asset and the size of the collection, is less likely to be smelting and processing. Moreover, smelting companies can make a greater contribution to local gdp, so many local governments, while releasing local resources, will require companies to build local smelters, with more jobs, gdp, etc.
Mining development is different from manufacturing development logic, such as smelting and processing, and does not understand resource development with manufacturing logic. Life countdown is limited, resource extraction is sustainable, starting on the first day of mining, entering its life count, and without new resources there is no basis for sustained business development.
For mining companies, the cost of production depends mainly on the resource endowment conditions rather than on the level of technology. The quality of the resource determines the excess profit.
High-quality resource mergers and acquisitions are the core competitiveness of non-ferrous firms. Metal price swings are becoming shorter and shorter, and the traditional economic logic of “temporal capacity” is not.
The logic of the Western capital economy is that resource M&As can be understood as a risk-investment model. Buy the visible ones and get the invisible excess gains. This is demonstrated by the ability of one-hand projects not to lose on the starting line: project M&As can integrate and win on the track.
Analysis of the recent merger and purchase history of purple gold, focusing on mining mergers and acquisitions, focusing on exploration, first-hand projects in the construction phase, 2, The battery lithium acquisition path and analysis of future opportunities: and both the build-up and the dropbacks of the bor project in Kamoa reflect the added value of the merger and acquisition.
The capacity of the Colored Industry Weekly, 2020-10-28. It is a small number of firms in the country that have the capacity to undertake high-quality resource mergers and acquisitions.3 The volume of new energy vehicles sold in Europe increased in September.
The net present value of companies at long-term metal prices is 22.38 billion yuan. The Kamua project, the three mining areas of Dragon Mining, the phev ratio: the weekly colour industry paper 2020-10-timok up and down, and the net present value of new items in Vuritica is 79.823 billion yuan: copper, gold, gold and gold.
The net present value of zinc, silver, and iron main products is approximately $144 billion.4 The price of controlled tungsten is expected to begin: the premium of alpha attributes that colour companies currently value without the ability to acquire plentiful resources for M & As.
Industry Weekly 2020-09-21 The company’s high Māori mineral end-capacity has increased significantly over the next few years. The future growth in corporate capacity is mainly reflected in mining production,5 and in the summary of 2020h1: Revenue Growth Profit Decreasing.
Mineral ends will significantly increase corporate profitability.6 The Colored Industry Weekly: New Capital Up Speed 5g Commercial Investment Proposal: We believe that the company is growing as a coloured company with few high-quality resource M&A capabilities.
1. The company ' s business of copper is a major contributor to the main mines. The company ' s revenues and profits are derived mainly from the mining and refining of metals such as gold, copper and zinc.
Of the total revenue of RMB 131.1 billion, an increase of 28.4 per cent over the same period, the sales of gold accounted for 53 per cent of total revenue and Māori accounted for 31 per cent of Group Māori; the copper business accounted for 20 per cent of total revenue and Māori for 36 per cent of Group gross profit; and the lead and zinc business accounted for 5.4 per cent of total revenue and Māori for 11.9 per cent of Group Māori.
Compared to copper, gold, the profit contribution of copper operations (Māori/income) is 3.1 times higher than that of copper, mainly because gold smelting is sold 3.8 times as much as copper smelting. Thus, a higher share of mineral products would further optimize the company’s profit contribution.
1.2 The high Māori rate in mines is lower than the low Māori rate in colour companies and industries. Focusing on mineral development can help businesses move into high-roe growth patterns.
Sexuality provides the basis for the company ' s combined Māori rate of 11.4 per cent, which is higher than 30 per cent at the mineral end, and the smelting rate of Māori below the average Māori rate, which results in lower levels of corporate profitability. Other companies in the industry are also characterized by high Māori in mines and low smelting rates.
In the same way as gold from the Golden Dragon Company, the Māori rate for mining operations is close to 10 per cent and less than 1 per cent for smelting operations, reflecting the high Māori rate and the low Māori smelting rate for mines, while the Māori rate for copper mining upstream is as high as 35.25 per cent, compared to 4.32 per cent for medium-smelting and deep downstream processing.
Māori is 6.22 per cent. High levels of Māori are selected in upstream mines, which are due to the apparent supply-demand relationship resulting from the production capacity structure and, most fundamentally, the scarcity of mines resulting from the characteristics of the industrial chain.
We believe that the core value of the purple gold mining industry lies in its core competitiveness in the colored industry - its ability to combine and purchase high-quality resources, which can bring growth. In order to fully analyse the importance and growth of the power of resource mergers and acquisitions,
We begin with an analysis of the characteristics of the industrial chain in the colour industry and the importance of resources. By analysing it, we try to answer why there is a high Māori rate at the mine, and what is the difference between mining production and traditional manufacturing.
Why is the mine the winner, while the various coloured companies extend the industry chain to build smelting and processing enterprises? How can businesses grow up in the cyclical industry?
The selection of Māori in upstream mines is much higher than the Māori in midstream smelting and the Māori in downstream deep processing, reflecting the fact that the selection of high Māori-specific mines is resource-driven, and that only about 2-3 per cent of projects can be developed from exploration to mine projects, with high-quality resource projects scarcer if the size of the mines and the quality of the resources are taken into account; and medium and downstream smelting is soil-based.
Land, capital, energy, technology. Smelting technology has no high thresholds and other elements are not scarce in the country. (Many coloured enterprises go to Africa to build smelters, mainly local energy, capital is scarce resources.) 2.2 Non-manufacturing characteristics of the mine
Smelting and processing enterprises are typical manufacturing industries, while minerals exhibit obvious non-manufacturing characteristics that cannot be understood simply by manufacturing logic. The countdown of life - the lifetime of the manufacturing enterprise is “in its own hands” and the life of the mining enterprise is naturally different from that of the manufacturing industry.
Because of the limited resources of the mine, the exploitation of the resource continues, leading to the countdown of its life from the very first day of mining. The development model of “resource-based mining, resource-exhausted businesses”, has been a long-standing model for domestic mining companies. Without new resources, there is no basis for business sustainability.
Resource conditions determine the cost of production - manufacturing industries tend to lower the cost of production by upgrading technology and increasing labour productivity. But for mining companies, the main cost depends on their resource endowments rather than on technical water, for example: poor surrounding conditions increase the cost of support: mineral deposits are shallow and open-air mining (exploitation) is possible.
The cost of daily mining is about one third of the cost of underground mining: large ore bodies can use large cut-off, highly mechanized mining methods to reduce production costs; hard ore bodies require more blasting costs; and large ore bodies have higher drainage costs when they are located.
In contrast to the above-mentioned congenital conditions, the differences in the cost of production technologies are weak: they are also the basis for the application of production technologies, without good conditions, and without the use of technology (e.g. advanced natural fall techniques used in the Pronco mine, with lower production costs, but with higher requirements for the shape of the body and the main stress direction).
Resource grade determines excess profit - traditional manufacturing overprofits are mainly due to industry barriers, product differentiation, etc., while mining produces standardized products. Prices are largely uniform. The excess profit is due mainly to the quality of the resource. Resource grade is the content of a metal in the ore, usually regardless of the level of the resource, the unit ore.
The cost is similar, and the price of the product is based on the metal content, so the resource grade determines the excess profits of the mining industry.
Why are the mines the most profitable, and all the colored companies keep building smelting and processing enterprises? Mostly because of the quality of the assets.
Businesses can make a greater contribution to local gdp, so many local governments, while donating local resources, will require firms to build local smelters, leaving more jobs and gdp at home. In the current industry landscape, the extension of the industry chain should have a major role in reducing marketing costs.
In areas such as Tibet, Africa, where the cost of selling ore, ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore is directly transported, the cost of selling it, etc. would be high, and the extension of the chain of industry would benefit the overall benefit. For example, 50% of the grade of the ore ore, it would be raised to 99% by smelting, and the cost of selling it would be reduced by about 50% even if the smelting process did not yield any gains.
In order to keep more of the output locally, legislation has been adopted to provide for the non-extraction of concentrates (e.g., Congolese gold), in which case the extension of the industrial chain becomes a necessary option.
Compared to the coloured head of the foreign industry, the country’s firm roe is clearly low, mainly because of two factors: the longer history of commercial mining development abroad, the accumulation of high-quality resources in the head, the formation of barriers in the industry, the acquisition of resources devoted to the development of the foreign industry, and the abandonment of back-end industries with low profitability.
By gaining access to high-quality resources and focusing on mineral development in our country, non-ferrous enterprises will have the opportunity to acquire the Alfa attributes of high-roe growth.
The country’s understanding of resources remains at a time when the economy is overstretched into a commodity economy, a venture investment model that has long been built into the capital economy abroad, and domestic firms lack the practical experience of this model. Our resource industry is considered to be the basic industry involved in human life, mostly controlled by State capital, and resource exploration is guided by the State’s capital, which guides us to the West.
The main players in resource exploitation/access abroad are risk exploration companies (e.g. Eiffonhouse, mainland gold), mining development companies (e.g. Barrick gold), risk exploration capital markets (resources for financing).
From discovery to exploration (Risk Exploration Corporation) - start-up company Angel Round Finance. Investment thresholds are low at this stage, but the wind is risky, demands a strategic view of mining companies and returns on investment.
While there is no cash flow at this stage, it can still be financed through the venture capital market, which values it through the volume of resources, and given the magnitude of the risks at that stage, large mining companies usually do not directly engage in risk exploration activities but, in due course, according to item.
It is similar to the fact that Mi made a strategic investment in his eco-chain business for volume and risk management, rather than being directly involved at an early stage. From exploration to mining construction (large mining development companies) - Bat buys small businesses.
High-quality projects have been locked up by big players, with less risk and higher returns on investment. Because of their size and professionalism, risk exploration companies do not usually develop mining projects on their own, but, as the projects mature, phase out and sell them to large mining development companies. Large mining companies consider construction inputs, investment risks, etc., that would be appropriate during the construction phase.
The choice of other mining companies with international experience to co-develop is one of the first opportunities for mining companies to enter the project. Similar to Bat’s acquisition of small businesses, which integrates them into its own ecology, it is difficult for companies that are big enough to get their hands on them.
Most of the items sold are for strategic purposes, such as asset optimization for the former owners.
For mining projects, the greatest potential is to add a high-grade stock or to upgrade technology. This phase of acquisition is similar to that of Yahoo China in the year of the Treasure Search, and the acquisition itself will not be cheap if the buyer does not have it.
It is difficult to benefit from the ability to integrate. 4. Core competitiveness of high-quality resource M&As in the industry.
At the same time, because of natural conditions, the vast majority of the country’s colored resources have no advantage in terms of quality and endowment, and go out as a necessary route for the further development of the coloured enterprises. So, the core of a long-term competitive advantage for a coloured enterprise lies in its ability to access high-quality resource projects, especially those overseas.
1) The ability to acquire one-hand projects cannot be lost on the start-up line. At present, most of the world’s high-quality, colored projects are in the hands of Western mining companies, whose high-quality assets are often not sold. The best chance for middle-income firms to get high-quality projects is to find one-hand projects that are not exploited by Western giants.
Policy-making mechanisms, professional technical teams as a guarantee. Many middle-income firms, for institutional reasons, have a business model (domestic mining is also in the transition from a planned economy to a commodity economy; there are well-established risk capital markets abroad, at the stage of a capital economy), and there is often a gap in experience abroad.
It is difficult to compete with Western companies to get a first-hand project. 2) Project M & As can be integrated and win on the track. Mining M & A projects are like "tracking stones" and are divided into visual and invisible parts. Visible ones refer to the amount of resources already included in the seller's design report, the seller.
The feasibility study shows that the quality, cost of extraction, net present value, etc. of this part of the resource is well known and that the M & As are largely negotiated on the basis of this net present value, usually with a premium, and it is difficult for buyers to take advantage of the value of this part of the resource.
The invisible part is the amount of resources that the project has not been confirmed by exploration, i.e. the project ' s potential for additional storage. If the buyer passes a pre-judgement that the purchase of the project will lead to the discovery of a significant amount of new resources or the discovery of a high-grade mine, it will be able to obtain several times the excess.
Twenty-four million tons, with an average grade of 2.56 per cent, compared with 43.69 million tons of copper metal resources disclosed in 2020, at a price: it is difficult to obtain excess returns: excellent items are not usually sold.
Invisible component: high risk: need for early entry of the project: ownership of the first-hand project in the history of the merger and purchase of purple gold resources
(a) Short-term price fluctuations are significant as product price cycles have been gradually shortened in recent years (from the previous 10-year cycle to the 3-4-year cycle) and, taking into account the project mergers and acquisitions cycle, they are more opportunity than capacity at the bottom of the price;
The value of the project will not be determined, but it will affect the heat of the project market: from the M & A project phase, the M & As are dominated by exploration projects, M & A of ongoing projects, with the preconditions for obtaining an excellent resource:
The ability to add value to M & As is demonstrated by the combination of the incremental storage of the Kamoa project and the drop-down of the Bor project.
The review of the ni43-101 reports and the technical assessment of the non-renewable projects, based on the long-term average prices of copper, gold and silver, resulted in a discount rate of 8 per cent, and an analysis of the Kamua project, the dragon mining industry, the timok mining belt and the Vuritika project resulted in a net present value of interest of 79.823 billion yuan.
In 2015, the economic and mining situation continued to decline, and the value of the mineral resources seized by the violet mine was seriously undervalued.
Up to 43,69 million tons, representing a significant increase of 80.84 per cent; resource growth was accompanied by higher project plans for construction in three phases: the first phase of the development of 6 million tons per year in Kakura (the blue-line frame below). The 2020 edition of Kakura was the largest.
The final feasibility study assesses the 6 million tons of mining underground and surface-based mining facilities in the first year of Kakura (7.6 million tons processed annually). The mines plan two 3.8 million tons of mines per year, the first of which is under construction and is well under way.
Kakula-Kasoko's second phase of development of 7.6 million tons/year of mines (the following purple dashed frame). On the basis of the Kakula phase, Kassoko filled the Qakula site with an initial annual mining volume of 1.6 million tons, with a total selection of 7.6 million tons/year.
The mine volume will eventually expand to 6 million tons per year. 3 rounds of 19 million tonnes/year follow-up expansion of the four major production mines (green dotted frame below). The initial launch of the Kakura mine began, followed by the independence of the adjacent mines of Kasoko, western Kakura and northern Kamoa
Underground mining operations, as well as the construction of a direct copper smelter. After the extraction of resources in the remaining areas, the project will develop five separate mines in the northern part of Kamoa to maintain a mining scale of up to 19 million tons per year, with an overall lifetime of over 40 years.
According to the Kamoa 2020 R & D plan, the net present value of the Kamoa I period was $5.52 billion at the copper price of $3.1 per pound at a discount rate of 8 per cent, taking into account that the company held 39.6 per cent of shares directly and 5.5 per cent indirectly (with a total net present value of the project of $11.117 billion over a 40-year life span and the net present value of the attributed company of $5.014 billion, or $5.014 billion).
From sensitivity analysis, it can be seen that the project metal price was valued at US$ 3.1/lb, and at 8% discounted, the net present value of the project after taxes US$ 3.0/lb was quite confident, but conservatively, the net present value of the project after taxes was US$ 10.32 billion; the net present value of the dragon copper polymetal mine + Ringro copper mining company was charged US$ 4,968 million; and the net present value of the copper copper polymetal mine was known to be the non-copper copper polymetal mine.
In June 2020, the gold mine acquired 50.1 per cent of the dragon copper industry by means of cash purchases of $3,883 million.
Mines. According to the recorded reserves, the current total of copper metals in the three mines is 98.506 million tons, accompanied by hundreds of millions of yuan. Given that the Rongjia copper polymetal mine shares mining and mining sites with the dragon copper polymetal mine, the pre-natal investment is included in the removal of the dragon copper polymetal mine.
6.2.1 Expulsion of copper polymetal ore + ryo-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.
When the terms of the agreement are agreed upon, compensation totalling $816.63 million will be awarded to the other party to the transaction, plus or minus $200 million on the basis of the average copper price of 1,000 yuan/tonne per litre.
Up to 150,000 tons; planned for production at the end of 2021, with 847 million tons, c0.42 per cent, mo0.022 per cent and 0.26 t/t for exploitation for the first period. 165,000 tons of copper and 0.62 million tons of molybdenum were produced in the year following the completion of the first phase.
Mining costs have a greater advantage than other projects due to the smallness of extraction and the fact that the project will be operational once a mining licence has been obtained, with a long-term cost of 51,000 yuan/ton of copper and 4000/ton of long-term selenium concentrate;
The cost of copper tc/rc is $70/tonne ore and 7 cents/lb;
The production capacity is 150,000 tons of ore/day, calculated on the basis of 330 days of work per year, with an annual production of 49.5 million tons of copper/year produced in copper or metal and 0.62 million tons of molybdenum; and 68.9 tons of profits from a single period of ore, with a net present value of the project of 1,488 million yuan and a net present value of the company of 5,855 million.
The second phase deals with 300,000 tons per day, requiring the construction of additional facilities, such as two series of 150,000 tons-scale mining plants and tailings deposits, which began in the 7th and 8th days following the launch of the first phase, with a production period of 9-41st years. The end-of-the-border area is built using a total of 3.01 billion tons of ore, 3.01 billion tons, c0.36 per cent, mo.021 per cent, with an average extraction ratio of 0.49t/t.
The following year, 263,000 tons of copper were produced and 13,000 tons of molybdenum were produced: phase II was lower than phase I for copper and molybdenum, and the value of tons of ore was lower; phase II was higher than phase II for stripping and 88 per cent higher for mining costs, but still had a strong advantage over other projects.
Long-term shfe copper price of $51,000/tonne and long-term molybdenum ore price of 4000/tonne: copper tc/rc at $70/tonne ore and 7 cents/lb; presumably 80 per cent recovery rate for copper ore selection and 57 per cent recovery rate based on ore metal and output metal volume;
(a) Production capacity of 300,000 tons of ore/day, with annual production of 99 million tons of ore/yearly production of 263,000 tons of copper and 130 tons of molybdenum;
One billion yuan. Since the cash flow of the project is expected to take place in the ninth year, at a discount rate of 8 per cent, the present value of the project is 178.69, and the combined net present value of the removal of copper polymetal ore and the rome copper polymetal ore is 1,496 million (5,855 million + 9113 million).
The combined value of the ore is high; according to the Tibetan Control Unit announcement, the NOC completed the construction of 1.2 million tonnes/yearly dew in September 2016.
The size of the production, which began in October 2016 with the test production of equipment and taped materials, will be in the tailings bank of the dragon copper mine. In 2018, the giant copper industry learned about copper-free minerals for copper concentrate sales in the amount of $220 million. The size of the project after delivery was 6,000t/d, compared to the previous eight years, when it produced 235,000 tons of copper per year; and the lower part of the territory was mined.
Model 3000t/d, 9-15 years of service. The leaching phase contains approximately 188,000 tons of copper in the post-natal year and 0.96 million tons of copper in the mining phase.
Taking into account the cash outflows of $996.621 million already invested in the project, the discount rate, based on a 10-year average price of $50,000 per tonne, is appropriate from the point of view of the project evaluation and provides a basis for the project to add value in the future and to resist market risk;
The project has been completed for production and costs are more clearly defined, such as mining fees, sales costs and direct use of the project phase for open-air mining, but the extraction is relatively high, with average stripping in the northern open boundary as compared to 9.63 t/t and in the southern open boundary as compared to 4.77 t/t. The cost of mining production is higher than the cost of removal of dragon copper:
The value of the project is more reliable, as active cash flows can quickly be brought to the company, and the value added of the later project is mainly based on the combined M & As costs of 6.3 timok copper gold mine timok projects totalling RMB 11,555 million ($14.1 + $240 million), with total project rights
Nevsun, a copper, zinc and gold-based company for the survey and development of mineral resources, has two flagship projects under the African Eritrea/Tria copper and zinc mining project in the mine range Bisha and the Timok copper gold mining project in Serbia, Central and Eastern Europe (onward and down. The upper mines have been pre-researchable and the lower mines are still in the exploration phase).
Serbia, Eritrea, Macedonia have 27 prospecting rights. On 12 March 2019, the company completed a 100% equity acquisition of devsunresourcesltd. devsun has 100% interest in the mines in the Serbian timok copper gold mine and eventually 46% interest in the mines.
Nevsun's purchase price was $6 per share of cash, with a total value of $1.86 billion (equivalent to $1.41 billion). On 3 November 2019, the company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Purple King (Europe), signed the Share Purchase Agreement with Freeport, Freeport Exploration, Globallreservoirminals(bvi)inc. etc.; same day, Purple Gold.
According to the aforementioned agreement, Purple Gold Europe acquired 72% of the Cau ' b shares held by the Freeport Exploration Company at an initial purchase price of $240 million, thereby obtaining the free port exploration company ' s Timok copper gold mining interest and the rakita ' s right to prospecting interest.
Upon completion of the purchase, the company will have a 100 per cent interest in the timok copper gold mine, a 100 per cent interest in the lower belt and five rights to prospecting on the periphery. 6.3.1 On the mineral belt project, the former owner of the project, Nevsun Resources Inc. (amex:nsu, tsx:nsu), is located in Canada and the United States.
Listed companies. As required by Canada’s ni43-101 regulation, extrapolated levels of resources cannot be included in pfs design, whereas domestic levels are usually factored in at a certain percentage reduction. We will not include extrapolated levels of the Department’s share of resources in the calculations for the time being, but only consider identifying + control levels of resources.
For the project, annual ore production has remained largely stable at 3.2 million tons, but given the large variation in the grade of the original minerals and the large variation in the volume of metals produced each year, such a discharge scheme would maximize the net present value of the project, but the project would be less resilient to the volatility of gold prices. The copper price would be $3.15 per pound higher, adjusted to $2.95 per pound.
In conjunction with the project sensitivity analysis, adjust the net present value of the project after tax to $1,626 million.The mining belt project under 6.3.2 is based on the view of the srk (canada) company in the ni43-101 report that the lower mining zone is mined by natural collapse.
Copper prices are $3.00/lb, $1,400/oz, gold recovery rate 69% and copper recovery rate 69%, while minerals with a combined value greater than $25/t have value to be mined. Reference is made to the actual production of the national copper mine, where natural fallbacks have the special value of high-cost production capacity and low production costs.
Point, close to the mining cost of open-air mining, but capital investment is higher than the general method of extraction. We assume that 50% of the resource volume is recoverable: 69% gold, copper recovery, $25/tonne for integrated production, 15 million tonnes/year, $2 billion for capital investment, and 8% discount.
The net present value of the project is approximately $1,423 million, calculated as an annual profit of about $300 million, 50 years of service.The arrangement agreement between Purple and mainland gold was signed on 2 December 2019, at a price of $5.5 million per share, to issue a cash agreement to all existing shares of the mainland gold in the order of $203 million and shares to be diluted.
The total value is about $1.37 billion, and the company actually acquired 100% of mainland gold at a total value of about $1.33 billion, with more of the previous 20 days on the London Stock Exchange in support of the follow-up project, and in the course of this transaction, the company also raised the mainland gold through the subscription of convertable bonds.
The period of the convertable bond is five years, with a 5% interest rate, and a half-yearly interest rate. Companies can choose to convert to ordinary shares of mainland gold at a conversion price of $4.5 per share and the higher of the lowest conversion price approved by the Toronto Stock Exchange.
In addition to the above-mentioned core assets, the mainland gold has 12 mining rights and 1 prospecting rights around the Vuritica project; 1 mining rights and 5 prospecting rights in the northern Berlin region; and 5 prospecting rights in the western province of Choco.
There are two prospecting rights in the La area; there are four prospecting rights in the Dominikale area in the Southern Department of Cauca; Continental Gold Inc. (continentalgoldinc.) is a Canadian listed company, and the inference level of resources cannot be included in the design according to the Canadian ni43-101 norms, and would normally be in the case of in-country industry practice.
Table 9: Project key indicators: project key indicators are included in the design at a certain rate of deduction, as the project report was finalized in early 2016 and updated in early 2019 on the basis of resource volume changes.
It is the metal price that has not been adjusted; the gold price is only $1,200 per ounce and the silver price is only $15 per ounce. With the long-term trend in precious metals, we believe that the gold price is adjusted to $1650 per ounce, the silver price is adjusted to the project sensitivity analysis, and the net present value after tax is adjusted to $1,578 million.
According to the mining announcement, prior to the acquisition of the Vuritika gold mining project, 88 per cent of the construction of the selected plant for the Vuritika gold mining project had been completed by the end of October 2019.In conjunction with the composition of the capital investment in the project and the difficult financing of continental gold, the base was expected to be completed at the time of the merger.
The combined metal price adjustment and the capital investment adjustment of the project resulted in a net present value of $1.85 billion after the tax on the project, as well as the launch in September 2020 of the Vuritika Gold and Technology Improvement Project, with production and technological improvements being synchronized.
The project will be completed in the second half of 2021. With the post-natal phase, the Vuritica capacity will be increased from 3,000 to 4000 tons per day, the annual yield will be increased from 7.8 to 9.1 tons, and the economic benefits of the project will be further enhanced.
Analysis of the net present value (NPV) of the company ' s mining operations into additional and active mining operations, including the Kamoa, Timok, Dragon Mining and Vuritika projects, the net present value of the Ministry ' s sub-project has been estimated above and the total net present value of equity is 798.23.
The amount of resources available for existing projects is calculated without taking into account the Kamoa, Timok, Dragon Mining and Vuritika projects, while taking into account that part of the available volume of exploration is upgraded to recoverable reserves, based on a ratio of sales to each cost in 2019, using neutral metal prices for the net profit of the mother, with a discount rate of 8 per cent.
The net present value of the main copper, gold, zinc, silver, and iron products currently in existence is about RMB 144 billion. 8. Industry positions do not enjoy the Alpha attribute premium of 14 per cent of the total; copper reserves amounting to 57,254.2 million tons, or 50 per cent of the country’s total; all of them are the largest in the country.
Ten thousand tons of copper and about 10 million tons of zinc (lead) resources, of which the amount of copper is more than half of the country’s total. Gold, copper, market value reserves have a significant advantage over the industry.
9. The company’s business growth in the coming years will be based on an analysis of the technical reports of the relevant projects and plans for the Purple Mining Project, without taking into account the recovery of the Pogra gold mine.
Table 14: Company production projections 10. Analysis of the shutdown of the Powgra gold mine
The new government announced on 24 April 2020 that it had decided not to grant the extension of the special mining rights of the Porgla gold mine. The new government indicated that it would form a national negotiating team, followed by a public announcement on the evening of 26 April 2020 that the company and the Balik gold company were in Papua.
On 27 April, the Porgla gold mine, a joint venture in New Guinea with 95% interest, was suspended. On 27 April, a stock collection fell by $9.22% and the main market was worth $97.4 billion. In 2019, the Porgla gold mine ranked first among the ten gold mines of the Powder gold mine and contributed to mineral gold.
Production of 8.83 tons, or 21.6 per cent of the company ' s total mineral wealth. On 12 July 2020, the Purple Gold Mining Corporation and the Barric Gold Company ' s joint venture, bnl, in New Guinea, Papua, were announced to the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes, affiliated with the World Bank, on 9 July 2020.
(icsid) bnl hopes to reach a fair and reasonable extension agreement with new PNG stakeholders on the rejection by the new government of the extension request for special mining rights for the Porgla gold mine, which, in our view, accounts for over 20% of the country’s gdp, and the new exports of Pugla gold mine.
The government’s ultimate goal is to share the benefits, not to withdraw them. According to similar national historical experience, PNG’s probability of directly repossessing mine rights is low, and this event is likely to be bought off by bnl in exchange for part of the country’s shareholding.
The volatility of the stock price of the previous purple gold, which had been largely absorbed by the market, would have been a great advantage for the market if later mineral rights were to continue successfully. We chose, with a conservative optimism, the price of the metal in the valuation model.
The average is significantly lower than the current market price; and sales prices have been reduced proportionately on the basis of the company's past financial disclosure sales data. We believe that the company, as a coloured company with little capacity for high-quality resource mergers and acquisitions, has a growing identity;
The new and high Māori-rate mining project will be able to deliver in a few years, and we give gold and copper prices less than expected, taking into account the company's net present value estimate;
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.