Qingdao beer (600600.sh) food beverages/beverages manufacturing progress into the performance release phase, with growth in line with expected events: the company released a 2020 performance report with sales of 7,823,000 litres during the reporting period.
The report is strongly recommended (upgraded) to validate high-end performance growth. In 2020, the epidemic hit the catering industry, beer sales were damaged, and companies were accelerating market penetration and canning rates for high-end beer (precision, oglu-prin)
At the same time, the continuous optimization of the management system, the implementation of precision marketing, the year-round increase in sales, revenues and total profits - 2.8/-0.8/+18.8 per cent, respectively, is better than industry levels: in 2020, sales/income/interests in the beer industry were due to high end and increase in canning rates.
3.0 per cent; revenue of 3,338 million yuan, or 8.1 per cent more, and business growth maintained robust growth. ● The product structure continued to be optimized and profitability increased. Net corporate interest rates for the reporting period were 7.93 per cent, an increase of 1.31 pct over 2019, mainly due to product structure optimization.
Four quarters of beer consumption in a light season, with sales of about 10-12%, heavy asset attributes, depreciation amortization + employee salary fixedly diluted Māori, with Māori rates about 10 pct below the annual average; super-counting, equity – high-end and closure co-opts, with companies entering the performance release phase.
The decline in dietary demand has led to an increase in climax, and closure + high-end transformation has become a consensus in the industry, with long-term focus on high-end monolithic reserves and fine management. As a home-grown beer company, the company has been successful in nurturing such high-end products as August, Qingdo Island beer runners, Qingdo beer classic 1903, and all wheat and white beverages.
At the same time, the company’s introduction of equity incentives in 2020, which will stimulate team dynamism, will help to increase the effectiveness of marketing costs and marketing efficiency; and the company’s plans to close 10 plants over the next 3-5 years to optimize the production structure and reduce the cost of products.
Regrade rating to `Very recommended'. Team Dynamics, Power High. 2020-03-30. Locking medium-high-end cards. Rebuilding power is expected to be restored.
"Gorgeous" 2019-07-08