Performance meets expectations and high-end progress is steady - Qingdao Beers (600600) Quick Report 2020: Qingdao Beers Quick Report 2020, expected to achieve business income of $27,760 million by 2020
RMB, 0.80% decline in the same year, net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $2.201 billion, growth in the same year, performance in terms of quarterly sales, improvement in the performance ring. In terms of sales, the overall sales of beer for the year 2020 were 7,823,000 litres, a decrease in the same proportion.
2.82 per cent less than the 7.04 per cent reduction in beer production across the country. Sales improved by 881,000 in the fourth quarter alone. The beer industry continued to experience repeated declines in the fourth quarter, corporate beer was innovative, and four quarters of the price of tons increased.
In 2020, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 2.201 billion yuan, an increase of 18.86 per cent over the same period. In terms of ton prices, the total ton of beer in 2020 was $3548.51, an increase of 2.10 per cent over the same year.
The price of four quarters of it was $3787.74, an increase of 4.93 per cent in the same year, and a marked increase in the price of tons over the previous three degrees of $3447.59, mainly due to faster sales of higher-value-added products, such as liquor and refined products, which are expected to accelerate the trend of high end.
Price belts, with the upgrading of low-end and high-middle-end prices, sales of medium- and high-end beer are expected to increase.
In the beer industry; looking ahead next year, with the recovery of the consumption scene, the sales of green beverages are expected to return to normal at 28 Peace Rixie Street, Beijing West Side. As the first quarter of 2020 showed a sharper drop in the impact of the epidemic, according to the first quarter of the calendar year.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, in the long term, the green bean has a pre-eminent brand, capital, etc., and will grow in the future with high-quality channels and 1,000th of Shanghai, China, China, China, and China.
High-end products continue to work, and will continue to show the power of the Martian effect. The company is expected to be free of charge for Fukuda, Shenzhen, from 2020 to 2022.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.