Qingdao beer (600,600): Optimizing product structure, steadily increasing profitability, and increasing net corporate profits. In 2020, with the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the domestic beer industry produced 34.11 million litres of beer.
Corporate fundamentals (latest) are down by 7.0%. Companies are up against the flow, with sales of $7.82 million + 8.1% and business growth sustained during the reporting period.
To 27.54%, mainly in terms of cost control. Regionally, the North and East China regions saw a small increase in operating income of $6.490 billion and 2,803 million, respectively.
The decrease in the cost of goods transport is due to a 6.12% decrease in management costs, a 0.68 pcc decrease in the same year, mainly as a result of the government ' s reduction of social security costs; the financial and research and development cost rates have remained stable. The combined Māori rate has increased by 1.46 pct to 40.42%.
..the company's future. (1) The company's product structure is optimized and the main brand, Qingjia, has achieved a total of 387.9 million litres of beer, of which high-end products such as "100 years of travel, Amber Lager, Ogut, Hong Kong, Classic 1903, pure beer" are combined.
The company continues to raise its share of high- and medium-end products, leading to high-end product consumption trends: (2) The company has launched the Qingdao Beers Smart Industry Model, a 1 million-litre beer extension project at the Vanding Garden, and a demonstration of intelligent manufacturing at the Qingdao Beer Factory.
Redevelopment projects, such as factories, have significantly improved the supply capacity of companies for high-end products: (3) Qingxing Island Beer Factory has been rated by the World Economic Forum as the world's first beer and beverage industry Internet “lighthouse plant” with a positive shift towards digital production and upgrading production
(iv) Companies develop multi-channel professional distributors, continuously improve distribution networks covering major markets throughout the country, reach out to more than 100 countries and regions around the world, and consolidate the base market.
In view of the position of corporate industry leaders, high-end products have the potential to be over-expected, giving “recommended” investment ratings.
This report is prepared by Chinese securities only for the customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
The report is objective and impartial, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal push for anyone. ]
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.