Performance meets expectations, high-end layout is expected to open up profit space - Qingdao Beers (600600) 2020 report event: Qingdao Beers 2020 annual report, business income of $27.76 billion for the year 2020, same as Qingdao Beers (60060000)
The decline of 0.80 per cent, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $2,201 million, an increase of 18.86 per cent over the same period, and the performance was as expected, with a steady increase in the price of tons. In terms of sales, the company achieved 7823,000 litres of beer sales in 2020, with the impact of the epidemic falling.
Thousands of litres, down 4.25 per cent from the same year, of which high-end products achieved sales of 1792,000 litres, a decline of 3.45 per cent from the same year; other brands such as Yooshan achieved sales of 3.94 million litres, a decline of 1.41 per cent from the same year. With regard to the Māori rate, the Māori rate for the beer business increased from 38.96 per cent to 40.42 per cent, benefiting mainly from lower operating costs and products.
Ton prices increased from $3431 per ton in 19 to 20 years.
With the exception of Shandong and South China, where the spread of the epidemic has been under pressure, the North and East China regions have maintained robust growth. Cost rates have continued to optimize, net profit on sales has continued to rise, with net corporate interest rates of 8.38 per cent, an increase of 1.49 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to profit gains and cost increases.
The cost of sales was 17.96 per cent, a decrease of 0.28 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to the reduction of the Government's social security policy, and the reduction of insurance and freight costs at 28 Punrith Street, in Beijing's west-city area; the administrative cost was 6.04 per cent, a decrease of 0.68 percentage points in the same year.
On the 15th floor of the Central China International Center, 1,000th of Shanghai, China and China Gate Road, the profitability of the company is expected to improve in the future as the product structure continues to optimize and efficiency improves.
The company created and perfected the "Electrator + Shop + Factory" marketing platform.
The Chengdu Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan) has expanded its online consumption channels.
The brand strategy of the China Sea International Centre, 17 B brands, promotes innovation drivers and product-structure optimization. The top of the layout, listed products such as "100 Years of Travel, Amber Lager," greatly enhances corporate image and market competitiveness.
During the year, the equity incentive scheme was introduced, awarding $13.2 million in restricted shares to 627 incentive recipients, with good incentives expected to enhance the overall efficiency of the company’s operations.
Looking back all year, the company was resilient to the impact of the epidemic, performing better than expected overall performance in the beer industry: looking forward to a positive recovery next year as the consumption scenes recovered. As sales fell in the first quarter of 2020 on a par with the impact of the epidemic, they were sold in the first quarter of the calendar year, according to the first quarter of the calendar year.
In the long term, the pins have a pre-eminent brand, financial, and other advantages in high-end areas, and will continue to be strong with high-quality channels and high-end products. The company is expected to produce this report in an independent and objective manner using legally compliant information in 2021-2023. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be equal to this.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.