The 2023rd semi-annual report says that 2023q2 net profit to the mother is 112 million yuan, feed raw material and the oil and gas technology industry is in a state of constant pressure.
The non-recurring gain/loss component is larger, mainly because it is close to $948 million in fair value gains and losses on derivatives that do not fully meet hedging requirements during the period. In addition, the company ' s 2023h1 cost rate is generally stable, with a combined cost of 4.03% during the sale period.
In the first half of the year, however, the price of wheat, flour, and by-products as a whole rose.
Down the line, companies consume higher costs of wheat stocks, which leads to a similar decline in flour performance, which is clearly expected to ease cost pressures with stock consumption at a later stage. We believe that the company has the capacity to expand and diversify its production chain and has successfully copied the packaging of the food oil experience to the packaging surface.
In the areas of powder, rice, and the three types of products that have been in the forefront of modern channels in the last three years, companies are also expanding new areas, such as spices, yeast, solarization, plant meat and chefs, which are expected to be better integrated and synergized in the future through the extension of the industry chain, looking at the long-term development of new areas.
The feed and fat technology sector is affected by the low level of farm production and the state of the fat industry, and is subject to significant periodic stress. Companies earn between +470 and +44.464 billion in feed and fat technology, which accounts for +14.22% of the revenue.
The price of soybeans and seed presses increased in the first half of the year, but the cost of soybean fish (30099.sz)-2023 - Quarterly Review: the price of higher soybeans for kitchen foods has fallen, resulting in a loss of pressurized operations.
Gold Dragonfish (300999.sz) 2022 year-round profit under pressure, q4 profit ring ratio overall fat material is below price, market demand is somewhat depressed and profits are significantly reduced on year-on-year basis. Gold Dragonfish (300999.sz) 2022h1 profit under pressure, q2 cost margin
The Golden Dragonfish (300999.sz) 2021 net profit phase pressure, and the multiplicity of investments such as the chef's proposal: kitchen food taps, diversified development is to be expected and “buy-in” is to be maintained. Considering this, the Golden Dragonfish - 30092021 tri-quarter evaluation: net profit short-term pressure, plus-centre
The resulting gain or loss on fair value of derivatives that do not fully meet hedging accounting requirements is close to $948 million, a decrease of 0.48 pct. The company, as a kitchen food leader, has strong brand and channel advantages, and the volume of sales remains stable. The decline in operating income is mainly due to changes in channel structure and the impact of raw material prices, with a Māori ratio equal to -0.49 pct-0.
6.60 per cent. On the one hand, the recovery in domestic consumption has been accompanied by an increase in the sales of low-māori-rate food pipeline products and an overall drop in the prices of wheat, flour and by-products in the first half of the year, but the high cost of the company ' s consumption of pre-existing high-price wheat stocks has led to a sharp decline in the performance of flour operations. On the other hand, the cost of raw materials has fallen.
It also led to a similar increase in the Māori ratio and profits of the company’s high Māori retail channel product, but sales of retail channel products were mainly directed at household consumption, and their volume increased with the same increase in meals out of the country. The combination, the increase in profits from retail channels did not fully offset the decline in profits from catering channel products, making kitchen food profitable.
Moreover, it is worth noting that the company ' s total food sales in the 2023h1 kitchen grew by 9.46% on a year-on-year basis, maintaining a steady increase. We believe that the company has the capacity to expand and diversify its industrial chain and to replicate its food oil experience into small packaging vegetable oils, flour, rice packaging, etc., in the modern market for the last three years.
The company is ranked first in all three categories, while it is also expanding new areas such as spices, yeast, solar goods, plant meat and central kitchens, where future companies are expected to better integrate and create synergies through the extension of the industrial chain, looking at their long-term development in new products.
In the first half of the year, although soybean andseed pressurization increased by the same amount, soybean prices fell higher and soybean oil, resulting in losses in pressurized operations. In addition, the oil and resin industry, with oil and oil raw materials at an overall lower price, was constrained by market demand, with profits being equal.
By maximizing efficiency and economies of scale through large complexes of enterprises, the Division brings together industrial chains and downstream factories in one production base, thereby reducing overall logistics and inventory costs, while sharing infrastructure, enabling the company to have 76 operational production bases throughout the country at the end of June of the year and to operate in Huaian, Qingdong, Changzhou, Governor.
The construction of new production bases in sand and other locations is expected to further consolidate corporate cost advantages, save logistics and inventory costs and maximize economies of scale.
Net operating cash flows increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, and the efficiency of receivables and inventory turnover remained stable. From cash flows, cash received for sales of 2023h1 amounted to $127,797 million (+1.01 per cent year-on-year), with a steady increase in net cash flows of $10,733 million (+264.82 per cent year-on-year), mainly attributable to sales return increases and procurement sections
In addition, in terms of major liquidity, 2023h1 accounts receivable swing days Investment proposals: the company is a good white flag of management, the advantages of “strong brands + multiple channels + low costs” are evident, kitchen food is strong, and new diversified business such as rice, noodles, spices, central kitchens are expected to hit
Create a new growth space to watch the company develop over the long term. Given that forage and fat technology in the first half of the year was lower than the author's assurance that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.