Camp 23H1 received a slight drop in revenue, with short-term profitability pressure on Xie Zhiyu Incidents, which issued its semi-annual report for 2023.
There has been a slight decline in the Māori ratio of kitchen foods, with a larger decline in feed raw materials and fat technology of 23h1 companies. The sales of kitchen foods were 11.92 million tons per year, or +9.46 per cent per year; the Māori rate was 6.6 per cent, or -0.49 pt. Income and Māori rates have declined slightly, mainly due to increased profits from retail outlets.
The impact of the decline in profits from catering channels has not been fully offset, with a rise in the share of lower-mori catering outlets, with a marked decline in the performance of flour operations. In terms of marketing patterns, distribution, straight carding, local identity strategies, and a long-term upward trend in consumption, we expect the kitchen food industry to grow.
There is hope for recovery in the future. The fall in sales of feed raw materials and fat technology for 2023h1 has squeezed profits, while domestic soybean and vegetable seed pressurization has increased at the same rate, but soybean costs are high and soy oil prices have fallen, leading to a loss in pressurization.
The company built on existing production bases, created integrated food production parks, and built the eco-system of the canteens. In 2022, Hangzhou, Zhouguchi, and Chongqing became operational.
In the future, the company is planning to build a pancreas in more than 70 existing production bases throughout the country, taking full advantage of its size and supply chain.
[Galactic Farm Shenzhe Yu] Company's report on the recovery of consumption demand after the collapse of the golden dragonfish, which we believe is expected to result in a new growth pole in business. (300999.sz): kitchen food growth has accelerated, with 21H1 withholding performance.
Investments suggest that the corporate brand matrix is perfect, that the network of channels is comprehensive, that the product lines are rich, that quality control is rigorous, that attention to and implementation of changes in consumer demand, such as consumer upgrading, branding, customization, etc., is consolidated, that high-end public-sector products, custom-made products or will continue to benefit, and that the company’s profitability will be boosted.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.