• Gold Dragonfish (300999.sz) incident assessment report, announcement: 1,1871 billion yuan (-0.6 per cent) in Camp 2023h1; returned to the mother sunss@cfsc.com.cn
Heyh1@cfsc.com.cn has a slight income pressure and multifactorial loss of profit due mainly to: 1) the increase in the availability of meals with a lower Māori rate for kitchen foods.
The increase in profits from retail outlets does not fully offset the decline in profits from catering channels. (2) The fall in oil-based technology production has resulted in a run-down of profits and a fall in soybean prices, but the higher cost of soybeans has resulted in a loss in pressurization.
The impact of the gains and losses of derivative financial instruments that fully meet hedging accounting requirements.  The increase in the volume of products has fallen, and the Goose project has managed to run smoothly.
It is expected that in 2023, Hong Kong, Zhouguchi, Chongqing, etc., will be completed. The cook business will be better complemented and promoted by existing rice, flour, oil, and spices, making full use of the company’s combined advantages.
1 Golden Dragonfish (30099999): one quarter of a year of significant growth, year-round profit elasticity, sustained recovery and high-end trends in consumer demand following the epidemic, and the development of a chef's business.
A steady move forward, the business landscape is expected to continue, and companies are expected to grow well and maintain a “buy-in” rating of their investments.3 Golden Dragonfish (300999): 2022
▪ The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
Shaw Yinnan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined Chinese securities research in June 2023 to reflect his research. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.