▪ 20.40 per cent increase in corporate income in January-June 2019, with a positive increase in net profit from mother-to-child return of billions yuan, 20.40 per cent increase from year-on-year; 747 million yuan in net profit from shareholders in listed companies, q2 quarter 2019, with a positive increase of 19.33 per cent from year-on-year income of the company of 1,410 billion yuan;
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $342 million, an increase of 17.42 per cent over the same period; the sales of the core products of listed companies increased at a robust pace, and the growth of generic drugs, commerce and cosmetics was accelerated: from the data reported, the company continued to grow at a high rate, despite a high base for the same period in 2018
During the reporting period, the parent company ' s statements showed net profits of $1,191 million and $689 million respectively, an increase of 14.80 per cent over the same period.
With regard to generic drugs, the company has been able to comb the generic product, stick to a single product, and has selected eight cores: syrup, steroids, Shaolin or silicon, hysteria or liver capsules.
At the same time, during the reporting period, the company promoted a limited stock transfer project in the Chinese industry to further improve the production and marketing management of generic medicines. Beyond the company’s “one nuclear” product, the company’s “two-wing” products, such as toothpaste and cosmetics, have also been growing rapidly.
From January to June 2019, corporate pharmaceutical business revenues increased by $252 million, cosmetic block sales increased by $86.96 million, maintaining a good growth trend, and corporate growth as a core product h1 is expected to remain on a high base.
In view of the Chinese medicine industry's position in the country's classified varieties, the clear therapeutic effects and the establishment of a trend towards higher “volume prices”, there is scope for raising prices and increasing the number of clients in the future.
The growth pattern of the company is clear and is expected to be one of the banners in China's Chinese medicine and healthcare sector, so the increase in sales of the product series is close to maintaining the company's “buy-in” rating.
30%, growth in consumption-driven performance as a result of the company ' s semi-annual announcement of 2019, which achieved gross operating income of 2,894 million yuan, an increase of 20.40% over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies, 747 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 20.89%, and non-recurrent deductions attributable to shareholders of listed companies
In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved income of 1,410 million yuan, an increase of 19.33 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 342 million yuan, an increase of 17.42 per cent in the same year; net non-net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 342 million yuan, a steady increase in sales of core products, and increases in generic medicines, commerce and cosmetics.
1) The sales of the core products of the Quantium have remained at a steady growth rate of around 15%. Analysis from the reported data shows that, despite a high base for the same period in 2018, the company is still growing at a high rate, with revenues and net profits growing at a rate of more than 20%.
During the reporting period, the parent company’s statements showed income and net return profits of $1,191 million and stability, respectively, and its parent company’s returns fully reflected the continued growth in sales volume.
During the reporting period, the company has opened nearly 200 study galleries throughout the country, two of them museums, and a regional extension of the site, and the provinces of Qinghai and Gansu have achieved a “zero” breakthrough in the empty market.
2) Recoupling or development into a new light for future development. With regard to generic drugs, the company has developed a comprehensive platinum product, based on one approach, and has selected eight core generic drugs, namely, Qingbai lung syrup, cow yolk, silicon tablets, Shaolin or silicon gas, and a hysteria liver capsule.
At the same time, the company's promotion of the stock transfer project of Hua Yunchi Pharmacy Co. Ltd. and the further refinement of the generic 3) nuclear strategy led to a positive growth of the pharmaceutical business and cosmetics plate during the reporting period.The company's overall revenues and profits continued to grow at a similar rate, indicating that the company's business was in addition to its core.
Beyond the “one nuclear” option, the company’s “two-wing” products of toothpaste, cosmetics, etc. have also been growing rapidly. In January-June 2019, corporate pharmaceutical business revenues increased by $252 million, and cosmetic block sales revenues increased by $86.96 million, maintaining a good growth trend and becoming an important engine for the growth of companies outside the core product.
The company's Māori rate and net interest rate have continued to rise, Xiaomen's schedule has been completed, the company's main product, as well as products such as cosmetics and solarized products, have been growing steadily, and the Māori rate has been relatively stable.
High by 0.89%, driven mainly by a decline in sales and management rates and an increase in the company’s ability to operate. We believe that both the Māori and the net profit rates of the company’s core product are at a higher level, and that there is still much room for raising the net profit level of the company as the core product is further sold and released, as well as effective cost-rate control.
The company’s sales and management costs during the reporting period were $239 million and $163 million, respectively, inclusive of R & D costs. We believe that the company continues its marketing outreach strategy over the past year and that sales costs will increase, but that the level of the company’s cost will continue to decline as a result of double price increases.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry, with its status as a country’s secret species, clear therapeutic effects, and the establishment of a “volume-priced” trend, as well as the scope for future price increases and increases in the number of clients, are vast. We believe that the company’s growth pattern is clear and is expected to become one of the banners in China’s drug-care sector, and therefore maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating.
The price increase was lower than expected: market promotion was lower than expected: the supply of medicinal materials in raw materials and the risk of price fluctuations.