On August 23, 2019, the company published its semi-annual report for 2019, which generated 2019h1.
2.894 billion yuan, a 20.40 per cent increase in the same year; net profit from motherhood is 747 million yuan, net profit from non-motherhood; Core product baskets: steady growth at a high base, slower growth; Core products are steadily growing: higher sales base: 2018h1 (growth in income from hepatitis medicine)
In the pipeline, there are nearly 200 study halls (including two museums) for end-lives: companies deepen their advantage areas through the joint and no joint venture model and grow steadily under the high base of Qinghai, Gansu, etc.
In addition, the company is actively involved in promoting the Chamber of Commerce through high-end exchanges of entrepreneurs, the financial industry, and organizing large-scale end-of-end outdoors campaigns such as cycling, television and outdoors, in order to " continue to use the core variety and hope to merge with the industry " .
At the academic level, companies continue to conduct “academic outreach years” and increase their scientific input to major products. 3. “Preliminary materials are safe and are expected to continue in 2019.
A second development, confirmed by clinical studies, was the main product for liver protection and hepatotherapy.The company increased its income by 40.24 per cent on a year-on-year basis to achieve a high rate of growth. 4. "Performance meets expectations and marketing reforms continue to improve.
The cosmetics company has maintained a high growth rate: 2019h1, with a net profit of $241 million, the cosmetics placed in a new media advertisement focused on the dissemination of slogans; online, the cosmetics industry has focused on the cs channel to deepen its experience marketing.
For the first time, the toothpaste business had lost a surplus: 2019h1 S.A. achieved a revenue of $75.328.4 million and a net profit of $2.1294 million, resulting in a loss of income for the first time.
Industrial investment: The company offered 51 per cent of China's Yuchi Pharmacy Ltd. in 2019, through industrial mergers and the promotion of industrial expansion, to return generic drugs with 100 per cent control.
The company will continue to look for suitable merger targets to facilitate the development of the main industry. xufeifei@gjzq.com.cn Lee Yingray
Channel openings were lower than expected; branding was less effective than expected; high valuation risk. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market showed that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment