(600436): The reported performance is consistent with the company’s operations covering the pharmaceutical industry and the pharmaceutical business, its core
Incidents: The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, with 2,894 million yuan in operating income from the 2019h1 company.
In addition to medicines, 20.89%; net profit of $745 million on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies, the company’s operations have been expanded to include health care products.
This compares with an increase of 23.10 per cent. Performance during the reporting period was in line with expectations.
The concession process, when the transaction is completed, the company will hold the target increase of 19.33 per cent; the deduction of the non-mother ' s net profit of $281 million, an increase of 21.41 per cent over the previous period. The 2019q2 revenue and profit growth rate of 2019q1 slowed down compared to the relative increase, mainly in core products.
During the same period, income from the pharmaceutical industry was 1,192 million yuan, an increase of 15.01 per cent over the same period, resulting in a decline in income from the series of products. During the same period in the previous year, the accelerated expansion of the Institute and the increase in the prices of the products increased, resulting in a higher income base.
But, based on the properties of the core product’s state-owned drug, we believe that future price increases are expected, and that there will be breakthroughs in the layout of the experience. The Māori rate for the series of Tsai was 81.21% during the reporting period, a decrease of 2.46 percentage points from the same period the previous year.
Due to the increasing scarcity of natural musk resources, the supply of cow butter is also vulnerable to the supply of land and market demand, the price of musk rose slightly during the reporting period, the price of cow butter remained high, the source of Eastern wealth flourished.
East Hing Securities Report (600436.sh): The reported performance is consistent with the expected future increase in solarized products, leading to a decline in the Māori ratio of products. In the long run, prices of musk and cow yellow are still on the rise, with rising pressures on the cost of a series of products in the future.
In this regard, companies also control the cost of future raw materials by building their own farms, working with farmers to farm them, and working ahead with strategic reserves. During the reporting period, pharmaceutical businesses generated 1,387 million yuan, an increase of 22.22 per cent, or 47.93 per cent. The Māori ratio for pharmaceutical businesses was 8.85 per cent, slightly lower than the previous year ' s rate of 8.88 per cent.
Through its active national focus and blank markets, the company will increase the coverage of the site in Kyoto, the two-lake area, promote the marketing of products from the east to the west and from the south to the north, and expand the regional visibility of brands to national visibility.
The solar panels show a bright view and open the door to the promotion of the brand. The solar panels generate business income of $241 million for cosmetics, resulting in a net profit of $57 million; the toothpaste business now earns business income of $75 million, with a net profit of $0.02 billion, while the combined income from solar goods increased by 40.24 per cent, or 10.47 per cent of business income.
Majority is related to experience sales drive, improved management of channels, and product structure upgrades. During the reporting period, the rate of gross domestic product per day was 73.42%, an increase of 14.79% compared to the same period in the previous year (58.63%), indicating that the company’s end-of-sale layouts were starting to yield results and improved profitability. As a result of the rapid growth in the performance of the cosmetics subsidiary, the company plans to build new warehouses and make better production workshops in order to meet the demand for industry-wide growth.
The sale of products such as toothpaste continues to grow rapidly. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the product is a national “double-secret” formula, with high social recognition and resource scarcity attributes, and a natural wide-ranging “protector river” for companies. We believe that there is a long-term space for raising prices and that, with the country-wide coverage of the product and the opening of markets outside the East China region, there is room for increased sales of the product.
In addition, with the advantages of core products, companies are actively expanding their solar businesses. As the company’s market expands, the solar panels will become another engine of performance growth.
East Hing Securities Corporation report (600436.sh): The reported performance is consistent with the expected future availability of solarized products 9 years of experience in medical research in securities and has been a core member of the new wealth team in medicine.
Research assistant profiles cover the Chinese medicine sector.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.