The company's review report, the railway transport industry, has officially launched a silent car and ticket counting service, Kyouta High Iron (601816.sh).
As of December 24th, the event began with a pilot "Silent Car" service and the official sale of "King Tim Wang"
The company's official roll-out of the silent car reflects a refined operating concept that helps to enhance the client's ability to remain sticky. Specifically, when passengers buy designated sub-car tickets, such as the Kyoto Iron, through railway 12306 sites, mobile phone apps, self-service ticket machines, etc., they need a “silent car” service, but they can do so if they need it.
The system suggests that we voluntarily choose to buy a ticket for a “silent car” located in car No. 3. We would like to thank Ningsezi for the second-class car. We believe that a “silent car” is a railway service to better satisfy passengers.
A sophisticated, humanized, differentiated service introduced by travel needs helps to enhance passenger experience and client stickivity. The company provides periodic counting of tickets, which is an important step in deepening fare reform and enriching the product system.
In terms of product design, 20 rides in 90 days were valued at $18880/11240, with an average single cost of $944/562. Since the floating fare was introduced, the first price has been in the range of $884-10125 and the second price of the second is in the area of $524-598.
In the meantime, the highest fare is mainly the number of cars with the least running time. As can be seen, the unit price of a single periodic ticket is not entirely favourable compared to the normal purchase price, except that the first/second class fare drops by 6.77% and 6.02% relative to the fastest number of cars.
Travelers travelling to and from Kyoto are designed to meet the requirements of the statute of limitations, reflecting a differentiated approach to high iron fare reform, which enriches the system of high iron-leaving products and helps companies lock cash in advance. The diversification of high-iron operations is a development trend, and the promotion of flow realization is a future incremental space.
According to the network of officials of the China National Railways Group Ltd., the main operations of the iron industry today include passenger transport, cargo transport, railway construction, and diversification.
The East China Sea passenger transport operators (Tokyo-Osaka) are involved in a variety of operations, such as transportation, sales, real estate, tourism, advertising, etc. We believe that the two hundred and fifteen million passengers were sent by Kyoutoy in 2019 is a significant flow, no.
To develop and fine-tune management through diversification, if each person spends between $50 and $100, the company's in-depth report [Galactic Traffic King Qingjin Team] reports on the railways, the transport industry - the Kyotsu Iron (601816.sh) - the fare reform has increased.
The company’s elasticity of profit, synergy and flow realization are future developments, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
There is a wealth of experience in strategic transport policy research. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to carry out investment research in the transport sector.