The Great Wall vehicle performed less than expected, actively reconstructing the product and marketing system.
5.1%; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $3.93 billion, an increase of 36.4% over the same period, and per share of earnings, the company ' s income and profits are now falling faster. Companies have recoupled the product system, released the Hover brandf negative market growth, and companies have increased their sales promotion, with q3 performance pressure.
The sales of 677,000 vehicles were realized, a decrease of 4.1 per cent over the same period, of which wey brands sold 105,000, with a bright performance; the gross gross gross profit rate of 18.2 per cent, with an average vehicle cost of $97,000, with an increase of $0.08 million; and single-car profits, with an improvement in the structure of the company ' s products and an increase in the price range.
As a result of factors such as q3, the demand for cars has been weak, the acquisition tax policy has led to a higher base and a faster decline in corporate sales over the same period last year. The company ' s promotion of preferential sales has led to a faster decline in q3 revenue versus profit ratio and ring ratio. q3 sales cost has increased by 0.4 billion on the same basis.
The increase in management costs is mainly due to the capitalization of some of the R&D inputs. The higher increase in financial costs is mainly due to higher interest costs, such as support for car money. The q3 cost rate is 10.1%, an increase of 0.3 percentage points over the same period.
At the end of September, the company launched a new Hafff5 series, known as “New Sports Immobilization Union” and focused on young consumption.f, h, the location of products differs from the sale price, it is hoped that the company’s product lines will be fine-tuned, and the distribution network will be adjusted without it,f andh will be sold separately in blue and red.
The Division has made a major effort to introduce high-end marketing talent, with new executives in charge of the Hover brand, the Wey brand and the new energy products, which will reposition and shape brands and consumer groups, refine marketing, and have the potential to raise corporate sales and prices and promote performance.
The new energy layout is being refined and short-planted. The iq of the Ora brand's first car was listed at the end of August, with a subsidy of $898-10.58 million, and the netc continues to fly 360 km, with 7,000 currently on a gross order. The second vehicle, r, will be on the market by the end of January. The company, together with BMW executives, has recently undertaken a tour of the construction of the light-beam car project at Zhang's port and will begin construction once approval is completed.
The new energy sector, with its autonomous R & D and BMW joint venture, has created a dual branding of “Ora + Lightbeam” that is integrated into the North River, with a full coverage of low-, medium- and high-end markets, and a nuclear heart market that captures mainstream electric vehicles. The company’s aggressive move to the new energy sector is expected to rise in the future, and effectively mitigate double points.
Pressure. The company's October share of H2mobility, a German H2mobility plant operator, is also preparing for hydrogen energy technology using the market price on October 26, 2018. The company intends to remove the power cell nest energy from the company and save capital.
Expenditures, increased profitability of the main industry, will also enhance the operation and competitiveness of the honeycomb energy market. 1) Increased competition in the car market and lower sales and profitability than expected; 2) lower sales of new vehicles than expected.
Great Wall Motors - Visible Performance Improvement, New Energy Employable S.H.I.S.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Automobiles: car-to-cars