Desessive (002920.sz) Builds auto computing and interactive groundings Energy-motion-interactive, companies that gather for sport and an interactive car smart leader.
Cars can be classified on and below the chassis, which is an interactive (interactive) smart-consumption scenario, under which smart electric power (energy) and intelligent driving (movement). Energy sources, motion, interaction, and companies that gather and interact with one-size-fits-all car smartheads.
The company’s operations cover smart cabins (82%), intelligent driving (15%), network services and others (3%).
The company is on a smart driving and smart seating high-window track, with a combination of autonomous-joint-head ownership, new power and joint brands, and a double-priced growth in corporate performance, with $9.6 billion collected in 2021, an increase of 41 per cent, and a net profit of $800 million to the mother, an increase of 61 per cent.
The characteristics of “light assets, low liabilities, high turnover, highroe” are higher than in-house capital than R & D (R & D cost, R & D population ratio, and R & D workforce marginality) and pre-eminence, faster than foreign investment, and have the potential for global motor electronics.
Motion ends, smart drivers, product strategies are clear, from ipu01-ipu04 to full layouts of 1-1-l4. At the end, with the continued penetration of 1-1-l4, we expect the size of the global city of intelligent driving sensors and pilot domain controllers to increase from $1292 billion in 2021 to $47.74 billion in 2025, and the cagr to 39%.
Diffusion, intelligent driving from l1-l4, coupled sensors and domain controllers, the value of the bicycles increased from 2,000 to more than $10,000, and Desai Weiss could provide the core of cameras, millimetre wave radars, domain controllers, etc. large single items, of which the autopilot domain controller ipu01-ipu04 covered the i1-l4, the next generation centre.
Computer aurora is the first-ever vehicle-borne smart computing platform in the industry. Interactive ends, smart cabins, screens, seat-space controllers are important growth points in performance.
The total vehicle value of the controls + LCD instruments + the airspace controllers is in the range of $5,000-6,000, with a high growth in the second quarter, smart driving hair, medium-term dimensions (2025) and a market space of more than 200 billion dollars on the global market.
De Ceciway (002920.sz) - The Strategic Co-operative Cars, which construct smart car students, the smart cabin product lines cover smart cars, vehicle display systems, and seat area controllers, among others, and it is expected that the business of the commons class will continue to benefit from the use of the seatspace controller.
“Desessive performance: high performance growth, automatic investment proposal: smart driver autonomy, maintenance of “buy-in” rating.
Keeping a good eye on the company's intelligent core layout (interactive + driving), the second generation of smart cabin controls has been scaled up, ipu03, ipu04 has multiple project fixes, and subsequent orders have been enriched, and are expected to continue to outperform the industry.
Foreword: Energy-motion-interactive, Dexahwet's campaign and an interactive motor intelligence tap.
This report is the first depth report from Desai Wei, and we're at the end of the industry to analyze the development of intelligent driving and intelligent cabins, to explore the future patterns of competition for driving domain controllers and airspace controllers from the point of view of driving and cabin chips, and to increase the core amount of intelligent driving (sensor and domain control).
Market space measurements are done for important monolithic items (cancer screens, LCDs, airspace controls). At the company level, we do core business analysis for the development of a double disk, a smart pilot, and a smart cabin to inform readers’ understanding of Texas.
Energy-motion-interactive, Dessauvres-mixed and interactive car intelligence taps. For the future, cars can be divided around the chassis and below the chassis, which is a live view of the human interaction under the smart cabin, broken down by the industrial chain as "chips-systems-applications-shows," screens, hud, glass, lights, etc.
It is expected to be a core interactive product. Under the chassis are mainly smart electric power and smart driving, smart motor integrated three power systems, which support the core energy of the entire drive; smart driving is based mainly on the role of Sensor-Calculation Platform-Auto-Driving Algorithms to the implementation level to achieve horizontal and vertical motion control. In summary, in the future,
The three main elements of the entire engine end of a smart car are energy, motion, interaction, and the Dexeciway is the engine of motor intelligence with one body. Desesiway: as the engine of motor intelligence with one body, the heart of the business of Dexeciway.
The focus is on intelligent driving (receipt of 15 per cent), smart cabin (receipt of 82 per cent). Smart driving is a fast-growing business for the public sector. The core is on intelligent driving domain controllers (ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu04), smart cabins are firm business for the company, and the core is on large monolithics (LCD) in the cabin.
(c) Recognise the development path of Desai Weiwei, from smart cabins to intelligent driving, from big monoliths to integration, from autonomous-jointly-head ownership, new forces and joint ventures, incremental (to-customers), price increases (high-value-added product product extension)
This is the core logic that runs through Desai Weiwei's clients and products. 1) Price rises: motion end, intelligent driving, data capture from the sensory layer - decision layer processing data - execution layer transport data, resulting in additional parts and components covering sensor (camera, ultrasound radar, mm)
Wave radar, laser radar, decision-level domain controllers (low- and medium-calculation domain controllers, high-calculation domain controllers), enforcement layer (line control motion, line control switch, etc.). The total sensor and domain controller vehicle value from the ilo-l2-l3-l4, adas system is expected to range from $2,800-3,400-$10,400-$27,400-$322,800.
In the perceptive layer, Desecway can provide cameras, millimetre wave radar, ultrasound radar (developing design), autopilot domain controllers with a combined vehicle value of more than 10,000 yuan.
Side vision and built-in camera unit prices are around $200;2 assuming a unit value of 5,000 yuan per unit of laser radar production, i3 and l4, respectively, only two or three laser radars are required; only the cost of sensor hardware and decision-level domain controllers are measured here, and changes in software algorithms and high-precision maps are not taken into account, for information purposes only.) Interactive ends, smart cabins, interactively upgraded around five senses of person, visual components (middle screens, fluids).
Crystal instruments, double screens, airspace controllers, hud, hearing (speakers, performance), sniffers (intra-circumstance systems), tactile (wire-filled) etc. were produced, from traditional engine products to the above-mentioned five-sense interactive new products, with a single-car value raised from around $500-600 to over $6,000, of which Desaisie was the recipient.
The bulk of the cabin product provided by Wei is focused on visual interactives (middle screens, LCD meters, double screens, airspace controllers, etc.), with a total vehicle value of over $4,000.
Sniffers, fragrance systems in the car, tactiles.
2) Increase in volume: Sports End, Smart Driver, Dresseeway Smart Driver Clients cover head autonomy (Girl Year, the company created the Smart Driving Auxiliary Unit, which is fully deployed in the field of Smart Driving, with an early focus on 360 loops, parking-type products, such as Jili, Upper Steam, Wall, Upper Steam General, etc.)
In 2018, ipu03 fixed pelicans, in 2020, ipu04 fixed-point ideal, in 2021, ipu04 fixed-point brands and new car creations, opening up the vast growth space of corporate autopilot controllers. Looking ahead, autopilot control orders from the head, autonomous and newly built power, are expected to boost the growth of corporate smart driving.
Interactive, smart seating, Reciprocal Smart Business Client Outreach Path, with clients ranging from "Autonomous + Joint Venture" to "Autonomous + New Power + Joint Investment" . Corporate deep-farming smart cabin operations up to 2016 cover head autonomy for products such as information and entertainment systems, air conditioning controllers, etc.
(c) Clients: after 2018, more white-point clients were expanded, including new forces (Peng, ideals), autonomy (Gong An, Biadi, etc.), foreign capital (Governance, etc.), joint ventures (East Wind, Japanese, etc.).
It is expected that the new drivers and joint brands (Toyota, Masses, etc.) will continue to make significant performance gains. Recapitulation of the share price of Dessahwee, 2019,q4, Dessahwee gave Chang Ancs75plus a double screen to drive the company.
Performance has increased, from 2020 to the present, with Desaiway's smart-driving domain controller taking the lead in new forces, such as pelicans, ideals, and the logic of the domain controller industry, which continues to deliver, with companies reaping both performance and equity gains. 2022h2, concerns about the need for the end of the new power of intelligence have led to a certain fall in the company's stock price.
A high-strength, steady-stamp, smart-driving Tier 1 tap. A deep collaboration with the British government led by ipu03-ipu04, the ideal-sized high-calculus autopilot controller, to become a high-strength smart-driving tap; and a high-value-for-area controller ipu01-ipu02, the company also laid out a layout for low-level auto-driving.
In addition, with regard to the cabin controllers, the company has been active, leading the production of the second generation, the third generation of domain controllers, which have captured multiple autonomous branding points, and the fourth generation of domain controllers, which are accelerating their development. Behind the pre-eminence of the domain controllers and the capacity of the volume of mass production, the company is continuing.
Research and development (R & D) for innovation, smart manufacturing, supply chain ecology, etc. 1) R & D for innovation: the importance that companies attach to autonomous R & D, innovation capabilities, is one of the fundamental driving forces behind the company’s continuous progress. In 1992, the company set up a technology research and development centre in Singapore, Europe, Nanjing, Chengdu, China.
By the end of 2021, the company had invested about $1 billion in research and development, accounting for about 10 per cent of sales and 2,257 people, an increase of nearly 30 per cent, or more than 40 per cent of the total number of companies;
Li, involved in the construction of nearly 30 national and industry standards, currently the company ' s research and development projects include cross-domain integration domain control applications, high-performance millimetre wave radars, lightweight smart cabin systems, etc.) Smart manufacturing: company-wide digital intelligence plants, industry-led high-level automation, letters, etc.)
Digital intelligence plants and smart storage systems are being put into use. The company owns an international-led manufacturing process, and it creates a series of industry-leading smart manufacturing equipment, with self-propelled radar lines, etc., being the first in-country industry, with a fully automated ocr/oca line that allows 7-35 inches of screens.
A fully integrated production of a combination of two and three screens, equipped with high-soft smart equipment lines that satisfy the ability of a smart cockpit and intelligence to drive the assembly and testing process of a whole range of products. 3) Quality management: With the development of intelligent products, the company is synchronized with more sophisticated and advanced testing capabilities, packages
The optical dark room, the millimetre wave radar radio frequency performance test system, the millimetre wave radar functional test system, the millimetre wave radar material test system, the radar field tester, the autopilot test site, etc. provide a strong guarantee for the quality of intelligent products.
4) Supply chain ecology: The company has long insisted on building an open and shared supply chain ecology, maintaining long-term good cooperation with a large number of its leading suppliers and counterparts, both domestic and foreign, to achieve the mutual growth of its ecological partners. By maintaining a good supply chain ecology, it has effectively secured the overall upgrading of the company’s delivery, quality, R & D, etc.
In addition, the company’s products are recognized by many downstream partners with high-quality product power. Desecway: a German gene, a solid car intelligence, a core view: Desceyway is a leading domestic auto electronics branding company that has passed through Mannes Manweedy.
Joint ventures such as Euro, Siemens and others, with Desai’s full acquisition of foreign shares in 2010 becoming an all-owned enterprise. The company achieved operating income of $9.6 billion in 2021. The increase was 41%. The net profit from maternity was $800 million. The increase was 61%, the business focus smart cabin (82%), intelligent driving (15%) and Internet services (3%).
The main client groups now cover mainstream cars such as Euro-American, solar, and domestic self-owned brands. Corporate profiles: leading the car electronics industry, creating a wave of intellectual change.
From the sound system manufacturer to the electronic pilot of the motor vehicle, Desaiway, began, grew, and flew three stages of the 30-car journey. Initial stage (1986-2001): the public division was restructured several times to become a joint venture between Mannesmanwedio and Desai Group in Germany.
In 1992, the Department for Research and Development of Automotive Sound Products for the Domestic Market was established and began to develop autonomously: Growth phase (2002-2009): In 2002, Siemens acquired Mannes Manwedio, and the company was renamed Siemens Wiedeo Motors Co. Ltd., and in 2004 the foundation of the Vd0 Industrial Park in Desaimento.
In 2006, a foreign transfer took place, and the share of the company held by Desai Industries and Siemens Ltd. changed from 3:7 to 7:3; and the leaping phase (2010-to date): the successful acquisition of 70 per cent of the foreign party ' s shares by the Desai Group in 2010, the formal establishment of the company, its official listing in 2017, and its first in 2018.
In 2021, the company launched a brand-new brand calling “Inventive Smart” and launched a new chapter on the evolution of the brand. A “local internationalization” strategy is being pursued on an ongoing basis, entering the global mainstream car company's parts and components supply system.
Automobile e-customers cover mainstream cars such as Euro-American, solar and domestic autonomous brands. Foreign clients include, inter alia, mass groups, Madhuda, Toyota, Volvo, and domestic customers include, inter alia, a crowd of people, the Great Wall car, the Broad Gas Group, the Chang-Ammad al-Ameda, the General Mitsubishi, the Upwards, the Upwards Public, the North Motors Group, the One.
Cars, Chiri, Gilly, Biadei, Via Vera, Pinocchio, Idea, etc. Main business: Focus on smart cabins, smart driving and network services, three main areas: Design, production and marketing of automobile electronics since their inception.
In 2019, in response to the trend of motorization, intelligence, network connectivity and sharing in the automobile industry, the company undertook a major restructuring of its business structure, from the original car-borne information and entertainment system, the air conditioning controller, the driving information display system, the display of modules and systems, and the intelligence system.
Driving support systems, as well as the architecture of six business sections of the Car Network, have been developed to focus on the three main lines of the smart cabin (82 per cent), the smart driver (15 per cent) and the web network service (3 per cent). 1) Smart cabin products integrate vehicle information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems, display terminals, vehicles
Systems like physical information and control systems. Multiscreen integration of cabin products and airspace controllers fast-tracked, second-generation airspace controllers have been scaled up, third-generation cabin products have been targeted for projects by a number of mainstream and autonomous branding clients, such as the Great Wall, Hiroshima Eyan, Chirí, Ideal Motors and others, based on high-tech companies.
Information entertainment systems, display modules and systems, and LCD orders are well stocked, with information entertainment operations receiving new project orders from the public, the public, the Great Wall car, the Jili car, the Volkswagen car, the Chiri car, etc.
The scale of large-screened product operations has increased rapidly; it shows that the size of the modules and systems operations has maintained a growth rate of over 100%.
The class product generated $7,893 million, or 82 per cent of the total. 2) Smart driving operations mainly provide ipu01-ipu04 high-calculation area controllers, smart parking systems, berthings, 360 high-resolution visions, driver testing, ultrasound radar, millimetre-wave radar, t-box,
Products such as v2x are committed to providing sensors and smart driving solutions such as perception, positioning, planning, and decision-making, and control. Smart driving cameras in sensor products have been assigned multiple vehicle plants: 77ghz mm waves, radars have been scaled up in several national mainstream models; a new generation of k2 ultrasound radars has been developed
In the design phase, key devices and related investment layouts were carried out; 5g and v2x products were delivered for the first time in the country in the joint branding of customer projects. In the domain controllers, the company's viewing and parking system products have been delivered in bulk to a large number of mainstream cars in the country; a new generation of lightweight smart driving platforms can achieve high and low speed autopilots.
Auxiliary functionality integration has now been secured with several mainstream autonomous brands and joint ventures, and a stock supply of memory parking products will be achieved by the end of 21; the first generation of high-calculable autopilot control platforms, with high-performance bright spots, has taken the lead in large-scale production on the Pap7 and P5 models and has acquired traditional autonomous products
In 2021, the smart driving business received $1,387 million in revenue, 15 per cent in revenue and nearly 100 per cent in sales.
Figure 9: Fields of application of the DeSessiway intelligent driving product in cars 3) ISPs provide IUPU ' s automobile products and value-added services and have now launched network service products such as full-scale 0ta, network security, Blue Whales terminal software, smart access, cabin wardens, information security, etc.
The Blue Whale 4.0 system of the new smart cabin interactive system has been installed on a new car setup. The company is firmly developing a new software-driven business model on the web-based service plate.
The equity structure: the state ownership structure is stable, the equity incentives show confidence in development, the corporate equity structure is strong, and real control is exercised by the municipal capital committee of Huezhou.
The Management Committee is the first holding shareholder, holding 29.45% of the company ' s shares through Hyezhou City Innovation Investments Ltd. until 16 December 2022, and the second largest.
The core team is stable. From a foreign background, growing up in State holdings, Desai Siwei shapes the business culture of China and the West, both in Eastern culture and advanced management systems from the West. Chen Chun, the current president of Desai Siwei joined the public in 1999.
The division, a former career manager of foreign shareholders in China, became a shareholder with the core team after the company was changed from a joint venture to a State-owned stock, and the rest of the management cadres joined the company earlier than before the acquisition of foreign shares by the Chinese side.
“When China acquired foreign shares, all management of the company chose to stay because of their confidence in the future prospects of the Chinese automobile industry and their trust in the flexible management mechanisms of private companies. This is a follow-up development of the Dexavician workforce, merit skills, and professional cadres (848 people), and this equity incentive program highlights management’s commitment to the company’s future.
Financial analysis: Growth in revenue is strong, with emphasis on R & D inputs to ensure competitiveness. Corporate performance is very resilient, with cabin and driver-led company performance high since 2020. Good growth momentum: 36% cagr, 57% parent net profit cagr, and sales revenue gains.
Two components: a significant increase in national production (especially national production of suv) and a rise in the supply of joint ventures in 2018 and the first half of 2019, as a result of the decline in Chinese and global passenger vehicle sales, the company ' s business ratio is -33 per cent) and the firm ' s commitment to technological R & D in-country, its efficient manufacturing and quality management, and its active outreach.
In the second half of 2019, revenue and net profits recovered rapidly (in the second half of 2019, the same rate + 20 per cent and the same net profit + 47 per cent).3 From 2020 to date, the class, driving product-led companies have increased their performance.
New vehicle allocation rates for products, smart driving aids, smart network products have increased rapidly, companies have accumulated technology, experience and resources, new technology for forward-looking layouts, full business plate coverage of smart cabins, smart driving, network services, three main areas of counter-market growth, in 2021, companies in intelligent driving and intelligence.
New business growth in the cabin sector has been rapid, with operating revenues of $9.6 billion a year, 41 per cent more than the same year, net profit to the mother $800 million more than 61 per cent more than the previous year, while the company ' s Māori ratio has remained above 23 per cent in recent years, sustaining high R&D spending and building firm core competitiveness.
The overall Māori rate was stable, with Māori rates and net interest rates receding in 2019, as a result of the downside of domestic and foreign car markets and the significant build-up of R & D inputs. Beginning in the second half of 2019, the cost of R & D was ahead in comparison with the vehicle spare parts engine, tyres, glass, as the volume and scale of new company projects and new products decreased steadily.
The four breakdowns of the lights show that the drivers have significantly higher R & D costs than the other subdivisions due to the higher demand for upgrading fast, superimposed smart cabins and driving areas, while the D & D rates reached their highest level (12%) in 2019, with high levels of R & D investment being maintained.
The company's business strategy, which has been consistently pursued, was to invest nearly 1 billion yuan in R & D in 2021, representing about 10 per cent of sales; the number of R & D people increased by nearly 30 per cent in the same year, accounting for more than 40 per cent of the total number of companies; and the new Shenzhen, Guangzhou R & D branch, the German Weimar base, was established.
Figure 16: Comparison of R & D costs of spare parts companies in the automobile industry
And the fast-disposal level of L3 is a leap in auto-automated roads, with domain controllers entering the market from the very beginning. As a result of the increase in the number of sensors and integration algorithms at the level of L3.
The electronic and electrical architecture faces costs and technical bottlenecks associated with the number of ecu, and the field controllers are being deployed.
There are widely used traditional distributed electronics structures that face costs and technical bottlenecks associated with the number of ecus, and domain controls. In an unmanned age, vehicle electronics structures range from distributed-domain concentration (power)-cross-domain integration-central structure. At this stage, car firms, Tier1 parts and components are predominantly functional.
In other words, the development and application of the domain controllers are performed by the power domain, the chassis domain, the interior domain, and the autopilot domain. Given the development of the industry chain of the domain controllers, most firms, both domestic and foreign, now have multiple layouts in the more value-added airspace and driving domain.
Level 1-3 is a leap in auto-automated roads. In terms of both legal and technical dimensions, auto-drivers are a big leap on auto-automated roads. By statute, both class 1-l2 are human-dominated, and vehicles are used only as aids, between 100, 1 and 2
The difference is mainly due to the number of adas on board, while when the 1/3 started, the human role in driving was rapidly declining, the autopilot system was able to complete all driving operations (as much as the driver) under the conditions permitted, the driver took over the malfunctioning car when the system failed or exceeded the conditions for design operations; and the technology was used.
The technique suggests that the main sensors used by the unit are cameras, ultrasound radars and millimetre wave radars, i3 et seq., and that the number of pre-existing sensor packages has increased, while high-cost laser radar programmes are difficult to avoid, coordination among sensors requires upgrading, multisensor integration algorithms have become more complex and the required control chip algorithms have been significantly upgraded.
Domain controllers enter the market from the beginning of the 193 stage. As a result of the increase in the number of sensors and integration algorithms brought about by level 1.3, the traditional distributed electrical and electrical structures that are now widely used face the physical and technical bottlenecks posed by the number of ecus, which result in the arrival of the domain controllers.
Driving tasks for diversions, turns, hours of signallight use, but not at the strategic level (planning routes, etc.); Note 2: Driving mode refers to driving scenarios with typical dynamic driving requirements (e.g. highway sideways, low-speed traffic blockages, etc.) Automobile electronics and electrical structures provide a framework for the bottom of the vehicle.
eectricalarchitecture, the short name eea) is an integrated approach defined by the car company, which looks like the structure of the human body and the architectural drawings, i.e., a skeleton that needs to be filled with various “organs”, “blood fluids” and “neurological” to make it viable. In the case of the car, eeea puts it in the car.
Sensors, ecu (electronic control unit), beams and electronic electrical distribution systems are perfectly integrated together to complete computing, power and energy distribution and to achieve the intelligent functions of the entire vehicle.
1) Distribution: The vehicle is primarily used in the flat-l2 class, when the vehicle is primarily defined as hardware, using distributed control units, special sensors, special ecu and algorithms, one function corresponds to an ecu, a wiring layout complex, different ecu is not coordinated, arithmetic is wasted, different ecu is developed by different suppliers and software is difficult to reuse
Specialized sensors, specialized ecu and algorithms. 2) Area concentration (functional domain): i.e., a centralized structure of domain controllers, in the context of the increasing number of sensors, the sensor's correspondence with ecu, which reduces the overall performance of the vehicle and the complexity of the line
And there is a sharp increase in the distributed ecu architecture, which faces a number of technical bottlenecks in the realization of autopilot functions, when dcu (domain controllers) and mdc (multi-domain controllers) are created to gradually replace the distributed architecture with a stronger central structure. The structure is characterized by a combination of multiple ecus into a domain controller from level 1 3.
Starts with the [cross] domain centralization of electronic and electrical structures to the stage, where, through the integration of domain controllers, decentralized vehicles, hardware can achieve information connectivity and resource sharing, software can be upgraded, hardware and sensors can be replaced and expanded.
Structures, ee2.0 structures for pelicans, etc.. This phase will result in five functional domains, namely, power, chassis, body, cabin, autopilot, etc. The central structure will be bottled up by technical thresholds, consumption habits, etc. The distributed ecu+ domain controller structure will be the norm in the short term.
3) Cross-domain integration and central computing stage: A functionally differentiated domain controller has a numeric waste of resources and performance orientation, while a cross-domain integration programme and a programme based on a regional controller and a central computer could further reduce the number of beams, integrate performance and reduce performance
Material costs are accompanied by an increase in the integration of domain controller performance. As a result, the mainframe plant has also started to deploy the trans-domain integration and the "regional controller plus central computer" program.
Figure 23: Cross-domain Integration, Area Integration Centralization Programme Regional Controls and Central Computer Centralization Programme
1. The central computing structure, which consists of a central computing unit, a regional controller and a high-speed Ethernet to build the basic skeleton, through a combination of the powered total domain and the bottom domain, due to more coordinated control, functional and information security level requirements, to build self-adaptation, self-learning systems, intelligent interconnection and high-level autopilots.
2. Area controllers are a new control concept, such as the pre-vehicle area controller, left area controller, right area 2.l1 and l2 driving aids become standard configurations and can also be integrated into vehicle motion area controllers.
Domain controllers, control and drive parts in the area. 3. High-level autopilot requires backup control functions. When the main controller is disabled, the central computing unit of 3.00 tops or more in performance, with a main frequency greater than 1 ghz, can
The backup function can also be integrated into motion for a period of time when it can still ensure that the vehicle continues to be safely driven; the main functions of the regional controllers are distributed margin calculations, car control arbitration centres, information and communication networks for Soa service communications, regional centralized data centres, whole vehicles.
In the domain controllers, electrical distribution hubs, sensors and executive data exchange, the domain and power areas are integrated into the central control area, which then forms a three-area structure with the airspace and the driving domain.
At this stage, car firms, Tier1 parts and components are predominantly functional, i.e., the development and application of domain controllers by power, chassis, cabin, autopilot. Given the development of the domain controller's industry, most domestic and foreign firms now have multiple layouts in more value-added airspace and driving.
The driving domain, while the power domain, the chassis domain, and the vehicle domain are not the focus of competition for most manufacturers at this stage, is due to the fact that the power domain, the chassis domain, is subject to relatively high functional security level requirements for the design because it involves safety of travel. 1) Engine ecu is largely tweaked 1) integrated drive/branch/transitional overall development experience, such as multichip hardness such as window module and empty 1) cpu chip and peripheral power 1 gpu/cpu/npu/mcu, due to the size of the split.
Weak self-development, algorithms, coordinated control, road hardware integration.
Development capacity of the modem module 2) mixed system control strategy and holding 2) operating system/middleware layer 2) real-time operating system/middle-level software
(b) Development and application of hardware integration capability software that is more robust, consistent with the Autosar software architecture;
3) compatible with autosar software shelf 3) with Autosar software architecture 3) communications, diagnostics, functional security 3) communications, diagnostics, functional security
4) Communication, Diagnosis, Functional Security 4) Communication, Diagnosis, Functional Security
Figure 24: High-value-added airspace and driving areas are the focus of the industrial chain at the forefront. Area controllers are the core parts of the vehicle decision-making layer, and their functionality is achieved by a combination of master chips, software operating systems, intermediates, application algorithms, in which the master control chip is the core part of the domain controller, and the core part is the one unit, the one unit, the one unit, the one unit, the one unit, the one unit.
Compute module cpu, control module mcu composition; deploy hardware resources with software operating systems and intermediate support; apply algorithms based on software programs developed independently of the operating systems and are the focus of competitions for diversity among oems. Desaichevy, as the engine of car intelligence, is the first to produce auto-driving control.
The development of a new generation of vehicle-borne smart central computing platforms is moving fast. Given that the core of the cabin, the driver, is the support of arithmetic, and the core of arithmetic is the chip, we will focus here on the current state of the industry in the driver, the cabin, from the chip point of view.
Figure 25: Smart area controller structure (e.g. autopilot) Driving domain controller: looking at future patterns of competition from the point of view of driving the soc chip Core view: integrated computing, energy efficiency ratio, cost, ease of development, ecological openness, etc., short and medium
Period dimension (up to 2025), high-end market (up to $300,000), L3 level and above, continuous autopilot penetration, British Weidaorinx, with high arithmetic + software eco-empowerment, will occupy a significant market share, outside of which China will perform at 610, high-tradable, horizon j5; medium- and low-end market, currently at level 12.
Auxiliary driving is the main option, Mobileye is now the mainstream choice, and in the future, titda4 platform, horizon j3 has the hope of reaping more market shares. Desai Weiwei is the first local Tier 1 to be supported in China.
The ipu04 of the chip has been produced in small pelicans, ideal cars, and is based on the titda 4 chip layout ipu02, which is now fully available at the low end of the high school market. According to high-tech intelligence data, Texas smart-driving domain controllers have a market share of Top1 for local suppliers, and the Bump One programme has a home-grown owner ' s full-scale research and development capacity.
As the intelligent driving level rises, the number of sensors increases and the need for arithmetic rises, behind the need for arithmetic is the high demand for a car processor performance. According to horizon data, for every level of automatic driving, the power increases by an order of magnitude; for level 12, two tops are required, and for level 1 3, 24 tops are required.
Power, l4, 320 tops, and l5, 4,000 tops. Figure 26: The computing power required for autopilot of 1-1 tol5.
With operational efficiency, the master chip is at the heart of the autopilot domain controller, the key factor that the mainframe plant considers first, and then the capability of the domain controller tier1, so we first look at the self-drive soc chip competition pattern and compare it to different Tier1 competitiveness.
From the point of view of autopilot chip competition, single cpu is no longer capable of meeting smart car computing requirements, and system-grade chips (soc) that integrate generic/specialized chips such as gpu, fpga, asic, etc. are mainstreamed.
Cpu+gpu+asic, cpu+asic, cpu+fpga are currently common to smart-drive chip programs. The following features can be found after collating the layouts of different automatic soc chip manufacturers: 1) In terms of the program, the current cpu+gpu+asic, cpu+asic is a relatively mainstream soc chip program.)
In line with the trend in chip manufacturer layouts, the algorithms range from low to high (one-digit-ten-hundred-digit tops), more advanced (ten-digit nm) and more energy-efficient than ever. 3) In terms of computing and energy efficiency ratio, high-calculation chips (higher than 24 tops meets the requirements of Level 13 and above) are ranked with the first echelon being in English.
Weida, Gautung, Hua, Mobilye, Horizon, and Hizmer, Risa, Ti. Weidalinx, Atlan, Hightowerride, 9000, Wadc 610/810, 254, 1000, 300, 200/400+tops, and WeiVoestorinx energy consumption compared to 3.9; mobleyeeeq 6ultra
Horizon 5; Risar-carv3u, 176, 128 (highest), 60tops, with Horizon 5 to be produced this year. Key indicators for autopilot chip evaluation are: arithmetic, energy efficiency, cost, ease of development, ecological openness.
Combining the above factors, we believe that the different characteristics of the autopilot soc chips can be summarized as: 1) British Weida is competitive, both in hardware strength and in software ecology, with the highest performance options for autopilots of levels 1 and 3 and above. Hardware dimensions, English darinx single chip computing 254 tops, and is currently available to produce soc.
The chip has the choice of leading arithmetical edge (two to ten times as much as other manufacturers); the software dimension, great Da, has an open software ecology, and British Wedda provides a chip plus an open software ecology, providing a complete developer package that includes diveav, driveix, and so on. The software's eco-enabling, and it's going to be a big deal.
A significant market share in the field of power-intelligent driving chips. (2) A high-access deep-deep-pill chip, which has accelerated in recent years to launch soc, which can be marketed at Level 1 3 and above, with the first model in the Mochadht-phev laser radar version. The Mochadht-phev laser radar model is based on high access.
The 5nm Hightower Dragon 8540+7nm Hightower Dragon 9,000 program. The single-platform is 360 tops, which can be added to 4 plates to 1440 tops, which was launched by the Magnificent Ideal Association, which invests in the Wall ' s cars, and has an average capacity of 5.5 tops/w.
3) Mobileye has a significant market share in the market below Level 1 3 in the short term and will launch the soc chip in the market at Level 1 3 and above in 2024. In the area of adas, the camera + chip + algorithm solution in Mobileye is oriented towards Level 1-2 Auxiliary Drivers, creating multiple firsts in the area of adas (the first to achieve an early warning of road deviations ldw,
The front collision alert fcw, auto-cruise acc, etc.) became the mainstream medium-to-high-end car brand ' s preferred adas programmer, with 37% of the country ' s pre-car stock in 2021. The black box mode of eq5 and the arithmetic gap constraining its growth in the market at level 1.3 and above, with a higher eq6 in 23-25 years.
(4) China supports the mdc platform by providing hardware and software solutions. The mdc integration is more than 30 years of research and development and production manufacturing experience in the ict field, based on cpu and ai processor chips, smart driver os, compatible autosar, support l2-l5, complete tool chains, core components (chips, operating system cores)
400+tops (400+tops) can be driven automatically to level 1 3 and above, and co-operative cars include the North Vulture Fox, Cyrus, Aveta 11, Uttar Pradesh, etc. 5) the horizon is a national chip lead manufacturer, j3(5tops) can perform adas, apa, etc., j5 (most)
High 128 tops) is for high-level autopilot, and by the end of 2021, the horizon series of chips had accumulated over a million pieces. The horizon has built an efficient open technology platform centred on the Chip Plus Tool Chain and a complete mature development environment that completes a full-store function based on drive five, from hardware to software, from perception to regulation.
To date, the journey 5 has captured the production cooperation projects of Biadi, the upper steam group, a red flag, the home-run car, etc., as well as collaboration with East Soft-Wise, and Sky-Scientific Technologies. Taken together, we believe that the medium- and long-term dimensions (up to 2025) and the high-end markets (more than 300,000 yuan) are in place.
Autopilots of level 1 3 and above continue to infiltrate, and the high-calculus + software eco-empowerment will provide a significant market share, in addition to 610, high-tungride (8540+9000), j5 performance times. The corresponding high-calculation area controllers of level 1 3 and above can support laser radars, millimeter waves.
Radars and high-precision sensors, such as high-sense pixel cameras, can support full-scale intelligent driving with high-speed, urban and parking coverage; medium- and low-end markets, currently dominated by Level 2 Auxiliary Drivers, Mobileye is now the mainstream choice. In the future, Titda4 platforms (8tops) and horizon j3 (5tops) are expected to cut down more cities.
A 30-50 per cent reduction in cost compared to the solution of the British Weddaxavier chip, which, according to Joss data, will drive the “noa+Auto Parking” to cover the full range of 10-20 million passenger market areas, with an increasing number of passenger vehicles supporting the tunnels.
High-speed piloting, automatic parking, memory parking, etc., L2+ auxiliary driving functions. Auto-pilot domain controller tier1 competitiveness Auto-driving area controller industry players include traditional foreign-funded tier1, home-grown tier1, Internet technology and softness
1) Traditional foreign firm, whole-car company, based on bottom chip, building software platforms (e.g. Boshi, Seifou) and selling domain controllers to the entire car factory, representative of companies such as Evun, Boshi, mainland, etc.; 2) indigenous tier1, the main joint chip manufacturer, software company and whole-car company, working together to build softness
(c) Internet technology companies, which focus on autopilot technological software platforms, i.a. algorithmic capabilities, with representative players having ttttech (self-drive software platform movementwise);
According to high-tech intelligence data, the Texas smart-driving domain controller is at the local supplier market share of Top1 and the Bump One programme is at the local supplier's full-scale R & D capability.
A total of 52.83 million vehicles (including a single berth) were marked and equipped with road vehicles (excluding an integrated parking) area controllers, representing an increase of 102 per cent over the same period; a total of 37,34,000 vehicles with a single berthing area controller, representing an increase of 159.13 per cent over the same period.
Top 10 list, based on a database of pre-loading and mass production projects at the Institute of Advanced Skilled Motors, based on six factors: size of the enterprise, capital strength, research and development strength, business ability, industry influence, growth potential, etc. First-level indicators, with Drexeyway's smart-driving domain controller at the top of the master list, top1, market position
Attop1, the BP is on the master list for a comprehensive evaluation of top1, full-store R & D capability, top1.The BP is mainly in several forms: the Pure Area Control Hardware Program (which is software for other suppliers), Parking + Car Regulations (based on the Smart Camera Program), Cars
Domain control + parking regulations (all view environment stand-alone ecu) and complete hardware and software for all berthings.) HOUSE CONTROL: A future pattern of competition from the perspective of the soc chip in the cabin. Core view: A combination of algorithms and the sale price of the supporting model, dividing the soc chip in the cabin into three tiers: 1) high
Cube: High 8155p/8195p/8295p, Tristar v910 at 100 kdmips and high-end vehicle types above $300,000; 2) Middle-end chip: High 820a, Intela 3950, Valium 990, Risar-carh3 between 40 and 100 kdmips
(iii) Low-end chips: The UNDG mt 2712, nxpi.mx8, Tijacinto 6/7 calculus within 30 dmips, with low-end vehicles of up to $200,000. Local suppliers such as Desaisis, Wah, Huayang, Norboko, etc., have also launched a range control product based on high-tung, Risa, etc.
Mainstream autonomous brand clients. According to high-tech data, in January-May 2022, the local domain controllers were listed as Desai Siwei, East Soft, Norbo Technologies, Botaire, with a city share of 14.2%, 12.4%, 5.6%, 1.2% respectively.
Intelligent compartments (ti, nxp, UNRISD) Developments in the smart pods, their electronic and electrical structures will move towards a centralized domain, with higher integration, and the smart seat control products should be produced.
The architecture does not support complex electronic seating functions, such as multiple screen connections, multiple screen drives, thus creating a centralized platform for calculating the domain, such as a cosmodrome control system. The domain controller has a strong hardware computing capability and a rich software interface support that concentrates more core functional modules within the domain controller, and the system's integration is significantly improved.
Added to the standardization of interfaces for data interaction to make it easier to standardize parts and components, thereby reducing the development of spare parts/figure 31: The smart cabin evolves towards a higher-integral intelligent domain controller; Soc chip manufacturers can be divided into consumer electronics manufacturers and traditional car chip manufacturers, with traditional car cores.
In recent years, manufacturers of mobile phones, such as Hightower, Intel, Huayuan, amd, and UNRISD have joined the market for chips in the airspace control. Domestic chip companies, such as cyborg technology, Swirch, horizons, core technology, etc., have also recreated the structure of the car chip industry through their own core route entry.
Combining the value of the computing and acillary vehicle models, dividing the soc chips in the airspace into three levels: 1) high-end chips: high 8155p/8195p/8295p; 3-star v910 calculations over 100 kdmips, mostly on board at over $300,000 (high-end vehicle); 2) medium-end chips: high 820a, Intela 3950, Wa.
For arithmetical 990, Risar-carh3 with 40-100 kdmips, the bulk of the purchase price is between $200,000 and 400,000 (medium end); 3) low end chip: UNDCH mt2712, nxpi.mx8 and Tijacinto 6/7 with 30dmips, the bulk of the sale price of a vehicle is within $200,000 (low end model).
On the supply side, the entire car factory, tier1 and the software manufacturer all seek to integrate into the airspace area, and the supply of tier1 to the mainframe is the mainstream model. For the entire factory, because of the difficulty of customizing the cabin function in the short and medium term, it is not possible to pay for it.
It is less urgent to autopilot, to seek third-party software partners, to achieve soft and hard resolution or potential options, and the software company, represented by China-Creating, has risen. The suppliers that currently supply the cockpit controllers to the entire car factory are still focused on Weishito, Amberford, Desaixive, Huayang, etc.
At the level of the competition pattern, the foreign giants are early in the layout, of which Weiboton is currently in the area of intelligent airspace controllers.
The year was measured through the Benz mbux system, with the largest number of manufacturers using the Wilton Smartcore program, high-end voice support assistants, in-car perception, driver surveillance, ai-integrated driver health, 360 loops, etc., and in the future, plans are being made to combine the smartcore cabin with the drive drive drive.
In addition, local suppliers such as Desai Weiwei, Huaiang, Huayang Group, Norbo Technologies have been launching their airspace controller products, accompanied by mainstream autonomous brand clients. In 2022, the number of cabin controllers has grown rapidly, and they are represented by Desai Weiwei, East Soft, and Huayang Group.
In January-May 2022, the number of domestic cabin control units passed 470,000, a 25% increase compared to the previous year, the number of top10 vendors was over 95%, the number of local domain controllers was 14.2%, and the number of local domain controllers was 14.2%.
12.4% 5.6% 1.2% Area controller industry: the need for Tier1 in the domain controller industry and the storage of Desaixives Core view: for the high-calculus domain controller market, in short-term dimensions, Desaixive is home-grown as British Welda
The main supplier of production, the elasticity. With the development experience gained in ipu, the volume experience, and the long-term partnership, Desailawy is expected to gain a significant market share; medium- and long-term dimensions, head software algorithms.
In cooperation with Tier1, models such as Oem Self-Research, Tier1 Manufacturing, and Tier1/odm Substitutes exist. De Saiway is the first local autopilot in China supported by the United Kingdom, and a strategic collaboration with Horizon in the smart cabin area is expected to continue to benefit from an increase in the penetration of the domain controller industry.
How to look at the role of Tier1 in the domain controller industry, referring to the Joss automobile study, the current design and production of the domain controller consists mainly of five types of mode: 1) the mainframe plant has commissioned the proxy domain controller, which was first introduced by Tesla and later called, peng, etc.
In addition to the most basic hardware manufacturing, the Odm/oem millers have also started to intervene in software engineering processes such as ground floor software, bsp drive, etc.
2) Tier1 supplier provides domain controller production for the mainframe plant, which is the most common cooperative model at the moment, with a white box or ash box model, the mainframe control of autopilot or smart seating application level development rights limited, chip manufacturers, Tier1, mainframe plants often form deep collaboration, and chip dealers provide chips, develop software
Tier1 provides field control hardware production, the middle layer, and chip program integration. Typical examples of cooperation in this model include Texas+Invelda+Pan/Ideal/Ingent Self, Krypton + mobileye+3). Tier1.5 was born under the trend of separation of hardware and software.
The plant controls the system's autonomous development and integrates the resources of tier2 like chips, sensors, etc., ttttech is the founder of this model, with key shareholders including Audi, Samsung Electronics, British Flying, Amberford, etc. tttttech provides the client with a motionwise set of tools and intermediates to create cars in the country and under the upper flag.
Electronic joint ventures were created as a major supplier of autopilot controls. In the country, the main focus was on switching from software into the domain control supply chain. Tier1 was also playing a role as Tier1.5, for example, in the area of airspace controllers, Bo.
The world focuses on the bottom seating software system, and hardware production and ecological construction are given to partner vehicles. For Tier1, solutions such as software, hardware, and hard and hard integration are available to maximize adaptation to the city.) Tier 0.5 is the result of a self-researching claim from the mainframe plant, tied to depths of the mainframe plant, and it's 0.5.
Intruding in the development, production, manufacturing, and even later management of data at the mainframe plant. Tier0.5 consists of three main forms: first, the independent development of parts and components under the flag of some of the mainframe plants, such as the upper steam, the creation of auto electrons under the Great Wall, the Nobo technology under the Wall and the millet, and the millions of curry tons under the Guilt; and second, the second.
The branching plant seeks to establish joint ventures with Tier 1, such as the joint venture between Xieng Xianxiuan and Jiang Xiao, the joint venture of Dessavi and Fuo, and the joint venture of the one-air group to create the Fulbright Motors Electronics, and, thirdly, the conversion of the chip factory to a tier 0.5, such as the strategic collaboration between mobileye and Gilly.
5) Systems integrator commissioning Odm/oem proxy domain controllers, especially for autopilot solutions, smart seating software platform manufacturers, such as 100 degrees acu, who is responsible for the production of great power, and MMI, who collaborates with great power, and even a large number of autopilot start-ups, may use this model, through
Odm/oem provides a complement to the production capacity of pre-loaded hardware at the car level on behalf of industry and industry, and a package of solutions for the mainframe plant for the “domain controllers +adas system integration development” to better compete with the traditional Tier1. Figure 37: Five business models for the design and production of domain controllers
Hostage direct mining control chip, mainframe plant, mode 4itier 0.5 supply area control.
Supply domain controller Mode 3:tier1.5 in collaboration with Tier1 or Tier0.5
Domain controllers through proxy or direct sales mode Mode 5: System integrator
Model 1: Host plant.
commissioning of odm/oem on behalf of industry and industry from the point of view of the mainframe plant, 1) Medium and Low Arithmetic Area Controls for landings of l1-l2+ Auxiliary Drivers, Host
The plant values the cost control and landing efficiency of the supplier. For example, low speed memory parking, which is relatively low for function safety, the mainframe is more sensitive to rapid delivery, and most of the options are for suppliers to provide “keys”, while titda4, horizon j3 are options for collaboration, and Desecway, Fortek, etc.
It's a good Tier1 option: 2) a big-calculation domain controller is used for intelligent driving down to L3 and above. The mainframe values the supplier's chip program and volume capacity. First, a big-calculation chip is needed to meet autopilot needs, and British Weida is the pre-eminent manufacturer, and China and Hightower is expected to get a share of the market; second,
High-level smart-driving domain controllers require technical engineering understanding, rapid response capability, figure 38: The challenge of intelligent-driving domain-control production landings.
The main supplier of production, the elasticity. With the development experience gained in ipu, the volume experience, and the long-term partnership, Desailawy is expected to gain a significant market share; medium- and long-term dimensions, head software algorithms.
In cooperation with Tier1, models such as Oem Self-Research, Tier1 Production, Tier1/odm Substitutes, etc. Desai Weiwei is the first local autopilot in China supported by Invest, with strategic cooperation with Horizon in the area of smart cabins.
Desai Weiwei, the first local autopilot to be supported by Invest in China, has a pre-emptive advantage. The ipu03 autopilot controller, developed autonomously on the Invedaxavier chip, has been added to the Xavida chip, and the next generation autopilot controller, ipu04 on the Investin chip, is already in Xiao Poon, ideal steam.
On 20 April 2021, Desaiway and Horizon formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement.
Upon the agreement, in the area of intellectual and motor technology development, Desecway will rely on his leading technology and development experience in the area of automobile manufacturing, and the horizon will play its powerful role in the fields of artificial intelligence, car smart chips, visual perception, voice technology, etc.
The horizon will also provide an open-ai platform for "chips plus algorithms plus tool chains" that fully meets the diversity of Dresiway's intellectual car manufacturing intelligent driving business: decision-level domain controllers work together in depth.
At the end of the industry, intelligent driving from 1-l4, coupled sensors and domain controllers have a multiplicity of 2,000.
Up to $30,000, Desailawy can provide the rest of the core large monoliths except laser radars. Autopilots run from l0-l1-l2-l3-l4, at the functional level at the end of a vehicle from early warning-horizontal or vertical control-twice control (not allowed to get out of hand) - vertical control at the same time (under limited conditions, allowed to get out of hand) - vertical control at the same time (permitted to be allowed).
Drivers out of hand. Parking end function from apa(l2)-rpa(l2+)-hpa(l3)-avp(l4), supported by sensor evolution from 1r1v-1r5v-5r5v12ur-5rv9v12urxl. In stage 1r1v, all sections of the mobility and parking function function function, accompanied by the presence of a single mooring, domain controllers are emerging and are based on intelligent driving, etc.
The grade is divided into lightweight line berthing single area controllers (l1-l2) and high-calored line berthing single area controllers (l2+ and above), with light weights used to achieve level 11-l2+ driving support, mainly on medium- and low-end vehicles (under 250,000 yuan) and high-calculation for high-level autopilots (l2+ and above).
Mainly in medium-to-high-end vehicles (more than $250,000). Measuring the core of the intelligent driving perception and decision-making levels is a large single-car value, rising from 1-l4, to over $30,000 per bicycle value from 2000 to more than 30,000, while Dessaic Vesi can provide the rest of the core large single items, except laser radar.
Side view and built-in camera unit prices are around $200; 2, assuming a unit value of 5,000 yuan per unit of laser radar production, i3,l4, respectively, require two or three laser radars; here only the cost of sensor hardware and decision layer domain controllers is measured, and changes in software algorithms and high-precision maps are not taken into account, for information purposes only.
In terms of intelligent driving appliance rates, according to the Joss motor vehicle study, 2022h1,l1 level assembly rate 12.9%, same as 6.7pt, 12pt, 12l2+, 28.3%, same as +8.2pt. At car level, 2022h1, tja cross-carrying aid, ica integrated cruise aid, alc auto-transformation aid, hwp highway pilot assembly
The rates were 14.1 per cent, 16.2 per cent, 2.1 per cent and 0.8 per cent, respectively, with changes of +8.1 pc, +9.6 pct, +1.4 pct, +0.8 pct; parking dimensions, 2022h1, apa automatic parking, rpa remote parking, hpa memory parking, avp passenger assembly rate of 12.0 per cent, 3.1 per cent, 3.8 per cent and 0.2 per cent, respectively, with changes of ~0.6 pct, respectively
In terms of smart-driving sensors and auto-driving domain controller market space, there are hundreds of billions of city-level sites globally and nationally. 1 and 12, 12+, 13 and 4 respectively correspond to medium- and low-end, middle-end, high-end markets, and 1 and 2 markets.
Market increases of $2800, $3400,l2+ and above are mainly the penetration of high-value-added monolithics, such as moored sub-area controllers and laser radars, and the value of the accompanying sensors and domain controllers is raised to the level of 10,000. With the continuous penetration of 1-1-l4 in the segmented market, we anticipate intelligent driving sensors and driving domain controls.
The global market size of the maker will increase from 12,92.2 billion yuan in 2021 to 47,74 billion yuan in 2025, cagr being 4, assuming that the unit price of sensors other than laser radar will fall by 5 per cent per year;5 the domain controller here refers to autopilot domain controllers;6 and the global vehicle sales reference marklins global company end, Desaisure's smart-driving lines are concentrated in the knowledge and decision-making layers to achieve high-speed + city + berth
1) Decision layer - autopilot domain controller with ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu04; 2) Sensor layer - sensor and adas with camera, millimetre wave radar, ultrasound radar, smart antenna (t-box, v2x) products, etc., adas with 360 rings, parking class (apa, avp)
In addition, Dessahway provides a whole range of smart driving system solutions, including urban roads, high-speed loops, low-speed parking scenes, etc.
Rin-Technology Decision Level - Smart Driving Field Control: full coverage, research and development generation, mass production generation, steady and steady
Desaiway Automated Area Controls develop a generation, yield a generation, steady and steady. The volume-produced autopilot domain controllers ipu01-ipu04 cover a scene of 1-l4, ipu01 and ipu02 are high-valued and used to achieve a level-l1-l2+ driving support function, mainly in low- and medium-end vehicles, ipu03 and ipu04
High performance, high arithmetic, used to achieve high-level autopilot functions at the level of 122+ and above, mainly in medium- and high-end vehicle types: next generation central computer aurora is a vehicle-borne smart computing platform for the first volume production in the current industry. ipu01-ipu04:l1-l4 autopilot scenes are fully covered, accompanied by continuous production by customers
ipu01, which is a unified platform for the company’s first generation of car regulations for sightings and blending, was produced in 2018, with the largest volume of goods.
With a titda4 chip, power 4-32tops, support 5r 6v12u, an increase in parking compared to ipu01, support for self-adaptation to cruise acc, automatic emergency brake aeb, track maintenance of lka, triggering variant hwa, navigational aids noa (highway), etc. ipu02 has been under development since 2019.
ipu03, which focuses on high performance, meets the needs of the L2+/l3 scenes. The Ipuo3 chip, which is 30 t0ps, compared to the ipu02, ipu03, supports the enhanced avp and high-speed scenenoa, and adds the support for urban accompaniment driving modules noa, dms and oms to meet the needs of the l2+/l3 scenes. ipuo3 has been developed since 2018.
The year 2020-2021 was the first year of production at Pap5 and p7. ipu04, with high performance, meets the needs of the pl3/l4 scenes.
Radars, 12-circuit ultrasound sensors, and 1 to 3 laser radars, compared to ipu03, ipu04 supporting enhanced urban noa functions and adding support for high-speed autopilot hwp functions. ipu04 has been under development since 2021 and has acquired the new power of ideal cars, pelicans, etc., and dozens of mainstream traditional car models.
In 2022, production was first measured on ideal 1.9. Overall, from 1-l2-l3-l4, the power evolved from less than 10 tops to dozens of tops to hundreds of tops to 1000 tops.
In terms of product performance, ipu01 is a mature product that provides an integrated solution to the need for a low-speed scenario by looking around and integrating vehicles: ipu02 can be understood as an upgraded version of ipu01, which is more powerful, enabling the realization of apa, integration of some low-speed L2 functions (accc, aeb, hwa, high-speed noa, etc.);
ipu03 is the world ' s first volume-based high-level British Weldaxavier autopilot controller except Tesla, a platform for high-speed ngp and urban ngp, and ipu04 calculator 254-1000tops, which achieves higher arithmetic through single chip, single plate double chip and multichip, and is positioned to support the l3-l4 function experience.
The U.S.A. data show sales of P.P. 5 in 2021, 32037 in January-September 2022, and sales of P.P. 7 in 2020, 2021, January-September 2022, 8527, 60569 in January-September 2022.
52186 vehicles, ideal 1 9 sold in September 2022, 10123. Furthermore, reference is made to the heart of the car, which used the British Weddorrin series to include Benz, Volvo, Ullai, Peng, Ideal, Auto and R, most of which are controlled by Desecway.
Figure 43: High-value area controllers using the British-Vidalorin program, ipu01 is the earliest volume and annual delivery is about one million grades, based on Gaeve Automobile information; ipu02 has a wider range of clients than ipu01 and, in addition to existing clients, has entered the upper parts of the city, the Great Wall, the Great Wall.
A vehicle support system, such as wide-air, general-purpose and new power in car-making, will be used in 2021 for Gilly and the upper flag, and most of the projects will continue to climb from 2022 to the peak of the project ' s landing in 2023.
Over 240,000 units, a 33 per cent increase in the same year, of which 26,000 units (the city ' s 11 per cent share is the third), an increase of 342 per cent in the same year.
Aurora: The first central computing platform for vehicle-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-carrying, with a total capacity of over 2000tops \triangleright, 29 April 2022, the first generation of irp products - “aurora” - was launched globally in Texas.
To achieve the location of a cross-cutting technology, from "domain control" to "centralization" is the first-ever vehicle-borne smart computing platform in the current industry. The platform's hardware is equipped with a mainstream computing chip with a total capacity of over 2,000 tops. Soft files are integrated into core functional domains such as smart pods, smart drivers, network services, etc., to achieve cross-domain integration, full-scale integration.
The future e/e architecture is multi-tiered in terms of high computing performance, high functional security, and continuous hardware upgrade capability. On 11 August 2022, Desai Wei and Chang An signed a strategic cooperation agreement, which will allow both parties to work closely in the field of domain controllers, build up industry-led central computer products and move forward, based on their respective advantages and resources.
The development and production of key parts and components related to the central computer and the volume of production of the product are in place.
Sensors-sensors and adas categories: Autonomous Tier 1-headings, captions and parking-type products, full coverage of the Desselhevi sensor, adas products covering 360 spectroscopes and parking areas.
In 2021, the company ' s cameras produced more than 10 million items per year, and the smart-driving cameras were assigned to multiple vehicle plants; in 2021, the 77g mm wave radar had been scaled up on several national mainstream models; and the design of a new generation of k2 ultrasound radars had been completed in 2021.
In 2021, the company used antennas to blend with t-box to provide high-line wireless and cost-effective vehicle-borne wireless communication terminals; in addition to self-study, Desailawes also invested in high-quality companies in the areas of laser radar, millimetre-wave radar, intelligent antenna, algorithms, such as Quick Start, Ox, etc.
In the area of adas, products are dominated by 360 rings and parking (for example, passenger parking, automatic parking, remote parking, memory parking, etc.), and in 2021 they were sold in excess of millions.
Ficha is a high-tech company engaged in the development and sale of artificial intelligence and computer-based one-sighted visual technology directed at intelligent driving aids. Stock code 4052.t, according to the latest financial report, Desai holds a share in ficha 9.5%.
Founded in Silicon Valley, America, in 2016, to apply state-of-the-art computer visual, in-depth learning, and artificial intelligence technologies, the Founding Group of Newmey Technologies is a former high-level visual engineer for Tesla computers. In 2019, Desai joined forces in Newmey and worked together in the field of smart driving.
From the point of view of product competitiveness, the motoradedas camera, pan-view system, apa, integration parking, t-box product market share (autonomous Tier1 tap), dms/oms camera market share is Top10. The motoradeadas camera, pan-view and parking products in Texas are competitive.
Autonomous Tier 1 leads, with Panorama being ranked first (15%) in the domestic market share of 2022h1, Perpadas camera being ranked third (8%) in the domestic market share in 2021, apa, integration parking programme being ranked fourth in the domestic market share in January-May 2022 (Fritier 1 in the first three, 8% in the Desai apa share,
In addition, the millimetre-wave radar, ultrasound, Daa, is largely monopolized by the overseas Tier1 represented by Bo, Continent, Faleo, and partly by the high quality Tier1
Starts to show up, for example, in the area of ultrasound radars, Horne Beveral (9 per cent of the domestic share in 2021), in the area of millimetre waves, Sensteak (3 per cent) in the field of radar, and in the year 2021, in the front of the corner radar in Dessahwig.
At the end of the industry: smart cabin development is big screening, multiscreening, integrated, global market size smart cabin development trends can be summarized as big screening, multiscreening, joint screening, and integration of core incremental class domain controllers. Smart cabin penetration angles, car-borne cd/dvd markets shrink significantly.
The control screen has a relatively high penetration rate, benefiting from the general trend of intelligence, which is represented by liquid crystal meters, hud head-up figures, and is marked by a significant increase in the penetration rate of new products in the smart cabin. We crawled from the car house, the Pacific Car Network, to retrieve data on the configuration of the domestically marketed cabin for 2010-2021, and used _ "According to this configuration in the current year."
Number of vehicles/total number of vehicles on the market” to calculate penetration rates. Carload cd/dvd was replaced by a vehicle-borne information and entertainment system (MCS), the market continued to shrink, with penetration rates dropping significantly from 82.7% in 2010 to 2.7% in 2021.
The rate rose to 81% in 2021. In the larger trend of intelligence, the incremental products represented by the full LCD dashboards and the Hud upturn figures have shown a marked increase in penetration in recent years, with LCD meters permeating from 2013 to 2013 in figure 50: main product permeability of the domestically marketed smart cabins, 2010-2021
For new energy types, electric cars and fuel cars are equipped with coded smart cabins with different penetration rates. Statistics show that there are no significant differences in the penetration of mainstream cabin products, either electric vehicles or conventional fuel vehicles, and within 4 per cent of the penetration of a single product, with the greatest differences in penetration being the full liquid crystal instrument.
In 2020, the penetration rate of electric vehicles (23.7%) was higher than that of fuel vehicles (19.4%) 4.3pct. In addition, the penetration rate of fuel trucks was higher than around 2 pct, as represented by the intermediate screen and the back of the liquid crystal screen.
Cars, smart cabin safety standards are lower than adas requirements, so that both conventional and electric vehicles have the conditions for fast landing related products, which can be summarized as a single-screen size expansion and a two-way connection from the medium-controlled screen to the product upgrade of the inside screen.
The screen/triple screen product jumps. The screen is developed over the disk and the screen size is expanded from the past 8 inches to 15 inches. With intelligence, the double screens or the cross-section of the screens become hot spots, using virtual machines and cores. Figure 53: The product evolution of the inside control screen.
Quantitatively, we have a medium-control screen and LCD scale scale scale for vehicle sales of top 40 by vehicle, figure 55: 2019-2022q1 LCD measurements for top 40 vehicles by vehicle, figure 54: medium-screen fractions for top 40 vehicles by vehicle sales, figure 54: 2019-2022q1
From a market space perspective, given the concentration of business in the Desaiway class on central controls, instrumentation and airspace controllers, the main measure here is the market size of the three major monolithics. 1) Centrally controlled screens: single-car value is around $1,500, penetration is 81% in 2021, penetration is expected to be 92% in 2025, corresponding to the global market size.
47 billion yuan, or 13 per cent for cagr. 3) Pit domain controllers: the value of a single car is between 2000 and 3000 dollars, the value of the bulk of the bulk of the three compartments of a permeator totals between 5000 and 6000 dollars, and the medium-term dimension (2025). The global market has more than 200 billion market space.
Dismantling of the smart seating industrial chain, consisting mainly of hardware raw materials (pcb, display panels, cockpit chips, etc.) and suppliers of bottom software (car navigation, vehicle voice, operating systems, etc.), is a system integrator for key cores (LCD instruments, control screens, airspace controllers, etc.) and downstream is the main mainframe plant.
In the case of a cabin product, represented by a control screen, a liquid crystal instrument, a airspace controller, led by the city of Tier 1 overseas, most of the local Tier 1 in the country, represented by the Texas and Huayang groups, started with a vehicle system product, and converted from the back to the front, with cost advantages and rapid response capabilities compared to the overseas Tier 1, with a matching customer.
From a competitive point of view, the share of the Dexavic market in control, liquid crystal meters, entertainment hosts are all domesticly autonomous Tier1. With respect to control (car-borne information and entertainment systems), the global share of companies was 3% in 2019 (ranked first).
(x) 14 per cent of the country ' s 10 inches and above in January-September 2022 (rank 1); LCD figure 58: pre-screen loading in China by 10 inches and above in January-September 2022 Figure 59: Pre-loading market supplier of LCD in China in January-September 2022
People, BMW, Toyota, Honda, General, Mark, Mercedes, Chirry, Gilly, and others.
The Great Wall, Chang-An, Hiro-e-An, Kim-Kang, Mitsubishi, etc. Company ends: cabin products cover screens, domain controllers, high client structure, Dresseeway's smart cabin product lines cover smart cars, vehicle display systems (central controls, instrumentation, etc.), empty.
In this case, the company’s vehicle and vehicle display system is used as a traditional cabin operation, with customers covering joint ventures (public, Toyota, etc.) and autonomy (Gili, Hiro, Chirí, Great Wall, etc.)
Power (ideal, peng, etc.), 2021, company information and entertainment operations received new project orders from clients - the general public, the general public, the Great Wall, the Gilly, the Bus, the Chirre, etc.
The scale of operations for large-screened products has increased rapidly; it shows that the size of the modules and systems operations has increased by more than 100%.
The company's new cabin operations, its fast-growing operations, the second generation of its airspace controllers have been scaled up, the replacement cabin products have been given a number of mainstream autonomous brands such as the Great Wall, the Hiroshima Eyan, the Chirre, the ideal car, etc. The client's project has been targeted, and the fourth generation of the Dragons platform products are being developed and ordered by the client.
Good company in good business: Desai Weiwei has global motor power, tap potential, price rises: driving operations benefit from increased penetration of domain controllers, and cabin operations benefit from hand-over.
Looking to the future, cars can be broken down onto and below the chassis, which is an interactive realization scenario, broken down by the industrial chain as "chips-systems-applications-shows-shows." The screens, huds, glass, lights, etc. are all expected to be core interactive products. Under the chassis are mainly smart power and smart driving, smart powering.
Motivated integrated three-power systems, which support the core energy of the whole drive; intelligent driving, based mainly on the role of the Sensor-Computer-Auto-Driving Algorithm to the implementation level, achieves both horizontal and vertical motor control. In summary, the three core elements of the future smart car end are energy, motion, interaction.
Motion end, smart driver, data capture from the sensor -- decision layer processing data -- executive layer application data, resulting in additional components to cover sensor sensor (camera, ultrasound radar, millimetre wave radar, laser radar), decision layer domain controller (low- and medium-calculation domain controller, high-calculation domain controller), enforcement layer
(line control motion, line control shift, etc.). The total amount of sensors and domain control vehicles from the L1-l2-l3-l4, adas system is estimated to be 2,800-3400-$10,400-$27,400-$32800. Desaily provides cameras, millimetre wave radar, ultrasound radar (detailed), automatic in the sensor layer.
Driving domain controllers, the total value of which is estimated to be more than $10,000 per unit, side view and built-in camera unit costs around $200; 2 assuming a unit value of $5,000 per unit of laser radar production, i3 and l4, respectively, require 2 and 3 laser radars; here the measurement takes into account only the cost of sensor hardware and decision-making area controllers, and changes in software algorithms and high-precision maps are not taken into account, for information purposes only.
Interactive ends, smart cabins, interactively upgraded by interactive interactions around the five-end senses of the human being, with products such as visual (middle screens, liquid crystal meters, double screens, airspace controllers, Hud), hearing (speaker, working), smelling (car inflammation system), tactile (wireless charging), etc., coming from traditional vehicle products to the above.
Five senses of new interactive products, the value of which has increased from around $500 to over $6,000, with Desai Wei providing cabin products focused mainly on visual interactives (middle screens, LCD instruments, double screens, airspace controllers, etc.), with a combined value of over $4,000 per vehicle.
It's expected to be over $700.
Tactile Increased number: Autonomy and the rise of new power, and the client structure of Desai Siwi from autonomous-joint-head, new power and joint branding
At the end of the industry, with new energy sources, autonomous brands and new powers rise. Recapitulating the history of autonomous brands rises. 1) Prior to 2010, the price of a range of competitive brand markets such as Chireqq and Biadef3 increased; 2) 2015-2017, the demand for cars in the central and western markets of the country and in the three or four-line cities was exploited and the suv market continued to grow.
From 2017 to 2020, the central and western markets became more saturated, competition increased after 1,000 holders reached a certain level (170 units/thousands), joint brands introduced suv products and low-level products plundered the market share of the main brands.) From 2020 to date, the autonomous brands have rapidly launched new energy vehicles, new forces and new ones.
The creation of a brand image of the new energy brand of traditional car companies, a well-established domestic three-power supply chain, flexible car company management mechanisms, a business model of consumer electronics, facilitated the emergence of autonomous brands, and new forces. At the firm’s end, corporate customers range from “autonomous + joint ventures” to “autonomous + new power – joint ventures – foreign investment.”
Retrieval company ' s smart-barrel business customer outreach route, with clients ranging from "autonomous + joint venture" to "autonomous + new power + joint venture + foreign capital". The company ' s deep-farming smart-barrel business until 2016 covered head autonomy for products such as car-borne information and entertainment systems, air modem controllers, etc.
Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, etc.) and joint ventures; after 2018, more white spots were opened, including new forces (Peng, ideals), autonomy (Gyan, Biadi, etc.), foreign capital (German public, etc.), joint ventures (East Wind, etc.).
In 2016, the company set up the Smart Driving Auxiliary Module.
Full deployment in the area of smart driving, with an early focus on Jili, Upper Steam, Wall, Up Stewardship, the 2021 ipu04 fixed-point ipu04 brand and the new car power, opening up the corporate autopilot controller's vast growth space. Looking to the future, head autonomy and the autopilot control of the new car.
Single, it is expected to boost the growth of corporate smart driving. 50 per cent of white dot clients continue to grow, their dependence on early customers is reduced, and their client structure is optimized in multiple ways.
In our view, the characteristics of the Dexavic companion clients are as follows: 1) domestic clients: the client structure covers the autonomy of the head (Gili, Wall, Hiro, Biadi, etc.) and the power of the new car (America, Pelican, Ideas, etc.), the diversity and quality of the client structure, autonomy and the larger context of the rise of the new power.
Low-lying, high-quality customer support companies are growing: 2) International clients: companies focus on opening up solar and European customers and opening up international markets. Desaiway is the rare object of the early (dedicated to 2014) European (public) matching system.
In October 2018, the company became the first Chinese electronic car supplier to walk into the Toyota Technical Library to conduct a technical exchange, and in 2018 the company received a new order for the popular global model of the car. We believe that the penetration of the smart cabins and smart driving configurations of joint ventures and foreign investors has not yet reached its peak.
Business characteristics: light assets, low indebtedness, high turnover, leading the roe industry.
Glasses, casts, etc., are characterized by light assets, low liabilities, and, on the one hand, by the fact that the company is well above the industry (industry number one, 17%) compared to other automobile power companies, De Ceciway is characterized by high profitability and high operational capacity, the core reason being that the company has a leading profit-rate industry, reflecting the company's business.
On the other hand, in 2021, the net business cycle in Desselhewet was 46 days after Ambofo (35 days) and Wei Se-Tung (25 days) and was in the lead. We deactivated the core financial indicators of Desai Weiwei and other typical parts and components enterprises, and we found the following.
The annual cs car spare parts fixed asset turnover rate of 3.4, the heavy asset industry includes crushing, car glass, tires, flat asset turnover rates of 2, 1.6 and 1.5, respectively, while Dessahwig and Starwoo shares are typical of the light asset model, and the fixed asset turnover rate of Dessehwie is sustained over time.
The asset-liability ratio in Desai Siwi is in the middle (47% in 2021), lower than in the global flagship (65%), the growing accumulation of the Amber Division, the lower asset-liability ratio of companies, and the increasing solvency of companies. Compared to the long-term capital-liability ratios in the case of car zero-parts, automobile electronics (Desai Siwei, Huayang) are in the range of long-term liabilities.
The mission, Koboda, was significantly lower than the sculptation (Hong Qing), car glass (Footing Glass) and tires (Linse tires), reflecting the low ratio of the overall e-capital liability of cars.
In a lateral comparison, the net business cycle in Desai Weiwei was 46 days in 2021, after Ambofo (35 days) and Wei Wei-Tung (25 days), with operational capability in the lead. In addition, a longitudinal analysis showed that De Sei-Weiwei's working days had fallen from 101 days in 2015 to 88 days in 2021, and that accounts receivable had fallen to 88 days in 2021.
In terms of profitability, we have engaged Desai Weeweroe and with mainstream global and domestic car electronics.
Desai Siwiroe is first in the automotive electronics industry and leads the sales profit industry. Desai Siwe (17%) is first in the industry, and the difference with the global leader is mainly reflected in a lower equity multiplier, a relatively small financial pole, reflecting a lower level of corporate indebtedness and a greater reliance on self-financing for business, we recognize.
This is linked to the company’s current relatively conservative financial policy, and is expected to improve its management and wind-control capabilities as the company’s operations continue to grow in size. The company’s key financial indicators sell profit-rate industry leads (Dessesi’s relatively strong regulatory capacity, with a strong competitive advantage in Dexey’s high profitability).
Competitive advantage: Dessaic bikini is about R & D and pre-emptive advantage, and foreign investment is about the impact The core view is: from the above-mentioned industry analysis, the automotive electronics industry is known as a light asset, production lines are more standardized and production is expanded quickly so that productive capacity does not become fundamental to corporate development, and core factors depend on the underlying factors
With the rapid development of the domain controller industry, the demand for Tier1 research and development capabilities has increased, and mainstream head car electron tier1 has continued to add code to the R & D input, introducing domain controllers that are not in line with chip programs, in order to establish a foothold in the market. Here we will start from a research and development perspective.
Longitudinal analysis, in 2021, Dessivian R & D entered a new phase of expansion. The number of D & D has passed two rounds of expansion, the first round of which was 2016-2018, and the number of R & D rose from 1,119 in 2016.
In order to further consolidate and expand technological excellence and to provide more, faster and better R & D services to clients, companies continue to invest in R & D, maintain technological leadership, and while the R & D workforce expands, firms continue to strengthen project and R & D process management and improve R & D efficiency.
Figure 75: Number of researchers in Desai Siwi, 2014-present Horizontal contrast, per capita remuneration of researchers in Desai Si Wei, per capita output of R & D staff, average value of R & D marginal output; higher R & D rates in Desai Si Wei, Koboda, Latitude and Altitude Science and Technology
10%: In terms of the number of R & D personnel, the number of R & D personnel in AEs exceeds 30%. To better measure R & D conversion rates in AEs, we have introduced two main indicators: “per capita output of R & D personnel” (total collection/number of R & D personnel) and “marginal output of R & D” (total increase/number of R & D personnel)
Also of concern is the development of marginal production indicators, taking into account the fact that most automobile electronics have increased their investment in electronics in recent years.
We've chosen different companies for the period 2019-2021 to measure the “total increase in revenues/number of R & D personnel”, while Desai Weiwei, Huayang Group, all-power electronics, Paul Science and Technology are in the forefront of the industry. Furthermore, from the point of view of the remuneration of R & D personnel, we use the “per capita remuneration of R & D personnel” and “research and development marginal remuneration” (R & D costs).
In terms of salary increases/research and development staff increases, the average salary per R & D worker in Desai Wei is in the top position (240,000 yuan) and in terms of marginal R & D pay in 2019-2021, with electronics, Paul ' s technology, the Hua Yang Group and Desai Wei in the lead.
`R & D marginal output' = total growth in R & D / increase in the number of R & D personnel; 2, latitudinal longitude, except for data for 2021, all data for 2022h1.) In the first three quarters of 2022, D & D costs increased by 75 to 1.08 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis.
At the core of the upgrade is the preparation of existing hand-held orders (application-based R & D) to support research and development projects in the following year, and the R & D marginal value is expected to increase continuously in 2022 and beyond.
Taken together, we believe that the competitive advantage of Dessahway can be summarized as follows: the advantage of internal resources is in R & D, in size, in advantage, and in the pre-eminence of working together with British Weida, in value for money, in rapid response. One of the advantages of Dessahway is in high R & D inputs, behind it, or before Dessai.
Looking-out product development (automated domain controllers, airspace controllers, etc.) and development of hand-ordered projects related to, inter alia, car electronic high-viewing lanes where head companies add coding of R & D inputs to secure a subsequent market share: the advantage is that the company and Yvetteda are the first to cooperate in the production of auto-driving controllers.
The ipu03, ipu04 pre-emerging advantage and volume-based experience, the age-old industry of the Dexahwe brand and the foreign automobile electronics industry are now experiencing an acceleration in product-side e-product upgrading, the client ownership of branding and new car creation forces are accelerating the roll-out of electric smart cars with smart driving and cabin functions.
Local Tier1, with rapid response and supply security capacity, is required to actively match downstream customer demand, the Dressee Farmer and the driving industry, whose value-added products, rapid response capacity, are the best options for ownership, new power and a new foreign joint venture brand.
In summary, the technical threshold of the domain controller product is high, especially on the high-calculus autopilot, which involves manufacturing capacity and software algorithm reserves.
The city, general Mitsubishi, Jili and other autonomous brands have opened up to new forces, ideals, pelicans, and have continued to open up Japanese (Toyota) and European (popular) customers, to compete positively with foreign automobile electronics and gradually to replace them with global car electronics potential.
Desaiway's operations are divided into three main sections: smart cabins, smart driving, network services, and others. Under neutral pseudonyms, we make the following assumptions about profit predictions: 1) smart cabins are important business for the firm's sound development, benefiting from the large-screening of the cabins, as well as the airspace.
The development of the controllers, the production of large, well-ordered monolithic units such as corporate controls, instrumentation and airspace controllers, the stocking of company seating orders, and the prospect of new orders increasing the performance of corporate smart cabins, are expected to continue. 2) Smart drivers are the company ' s core high-growth business, and in the future, with the company ' s intelligence represented by ipu01-ipu04
The continuous spread of the product of the driving domain controller, the continued rapid growth of the company ' s intelligent driving business, and the projected development of network services and other operations, which in recent years are expected to grow robustly with the development of the vehicle-based network service, which is represented by the full-scale ota, safety of the network, etc., and the expected 2022-2024 network service and others
On the basis of the three scenarios of optimism, neutrality, pessimism, we have obtained the following profit predictions: 1) The optimistic assumption is that the current intelligent driving, intelligent cabin industry is at a high rate of growth, that the company will continue to benefit from the increased penetration of the smart driving domain controller, and that the smart cabin will continue to grow robustly as the company.
The business will also continue to benefit from joint screening, big screening, integration, and significant incremental performance. On the basis of this judgement, we assume that:1 the company is the leading driver in the country and the smart driver's business is bright, and we expect that the company's revenue will be guaranteed.
(b) The firm's Māori rate has risen steadily with the increase in income size, the effects of scalability and changes in product structure, with the company's administrative and sales cost rates stabilizing year by year:
3. The unleveraging beta coefficient is assessed using the beta value of the medium-class industry “car” block for the past three years,4 and the risk-free rate of interest is selected for the current 10-year rate of return on the national debt; 6 & kd is the cost of pre-tax debt and the benchmark interest rate on RMB loans for more than 5 years is 4.45 per cent.
(a) The cost of the debt is 4.5 per cent;
Considering that Desai Siwei, as a smart driving listed company, chooses the Huayang Group, which coincides with its business, as well as intellectually capable torch technology, optical information as comparable companies, the difference between Desai Si Weiwei and comparable companies is that Desai Si Weiwei is the lead supplier for smart driving dragons, and a highly arithmetic intelligent driving domain controller.
Utility of hud; torch technology as a laser radar tracker to provide a upstream laser radar launch module for the laser radar masters; optical info main vehicle electronic software and technical services operations, which can be divided into smart cabins, smart electrical controls, smart network vehicle testing, mobile
Map data service, smart driving five businesses. High growth; Māori growth in smart driving, the scale effect of which is beginning to highlight the continued increase in future profit margins. 2) Smart driving operations are relatively scarce and companies have a few products available for the current autopilot domain controller
Vendors of production capacity, industry autopilots with scarce targets, industry space, and fast growth. Desaichevy, a leading company in autonomous motor vehicles: 1) Traditional products benefit from increased vehicle value: cars with intermediate control screens and liquid crystal meters are cabins.
The electronic core component, which is the portal to the future intelligent motor vehicle interaction, has in recent years been upgraded in content, quality, and form to the driver's need for a vehicle-borne entertainment system. The overall trend is from partition to integration, from key press to integration screen, with a single-car value raised from the original 600 to 700 to more than 2,000 dollars, with Desecway as autonomous.
The core of the engine locomotives benefits from the upgrading of the traditional engine business. 2) Specialization in intelligent driving, smart cabins and car networking in new products outside the mainframe business: the company has made staged progress in intelligent driving, smart cabins and car connections, such as second-generation airspace controls.
In the case of the smart cabin, the second generation of the space controllers has been scaled up, the third generation of the smart seat controllers, the 4k high screens, and the fourth generation of the smart cabin products are rapidly climbing.
In smart driving, the sales of company-wide automatic parking, 360-degree high clairvoyant and other adas products continue to increase; automated driving support systems based on full technological advantage and integration are about to be produced; advanced autopilots with higher-level functions are possible.
The Domain Control product has accumulated more than 10 mainstream vehicle companies and has entered the production scale slope phase, and the development of a new generation of car-borne smart central computing platforms has progressed rapidly. On the smart network side, the 0ta service platform and software service products continue to overlap, and the uwb-based smart entry products have been ordered by clients.
In October 2022, Desecway acquired the German lead antenna test and service provider atc, enabling intelligence days 3) client structure was optimized year by year, with a core client group comprising mainstream foreign capital, internal capital and new drivers of head-making: in 2021, the company broke through new customers like Lutus, Pastellantis and got a steam-
The crowd, the crowd, the crowd, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Great Wall, the Gilly, the Cars, the Biade, the Chirre, the Gar Group, a red flag, the Chang An, the ideal car, the Pills, etc., have been awarded new annual sales orders of over $12 billion a year.
The order, which has grown by more than 80% over the same year, has reached an all-time high, with orders for smart driving products, big screens, and smart airspace controllers rising rapidly. Desaiway has a global electron potential, and we have a slight upward profit forecast for 22/23/24.
Controls have been scaled up, ipu03 + new product ipu04 has received multiple project fixes (desirable l9 already produced in the second half of the year, peng9 being the catalytic node for the new product), followed by an abundance of order volume, which is expected to continue to exceed calculations, weighted capital cost (wacc), tv growth assumptions and comparable company valuation parameters
The selection included many individual judgements: the high annual free cash flow calculation, leading to the risk of optimistic valuations;2 the weighting of capital costs (wacc) has a very strong impact on corporate valuations, and we assume that there is no wind in the calculation of wacc.
(a) Risk interest rates of 3 per cent, equity risk premium of 6.3 per cent, which may still present a risk of underestimation or recovery of these parameters, leading to lower wacc calculations, leading to overvaluation of the company's valuation;
4. In relative valuation, we have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company ' s business, and selected comparable corporate average dynamic per for 2023 as a reference for relative valuation, taking into account the growth of the company, amending the industry average dynamic per, and eventually giving the company 45-50 times more, perhaps without taking full account of the market ' s overall valuation bias
The spread of the new crown epidemic has led to less than expected risk of auto terminal demand. In 2022, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic continued to spread overseas. At the supply end, the auto supply chain system was affected to varying degrees by the epidemic; at the demand end, the global economy was weakened by the epidemic, and the automobile, as a commodity, could be used by consumers as a result of declining consumer capacity.
The risk of higher prices of upstream raw materials The risk of higher prices of upstream raw materials.
(a) Components, which will adversely affect the performance of the company if there is a continuing shortfall in prices;
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author