Short-term performance pressure, negative growth in R & D investment 3CG released its semi-annual report for 2022: the company achieved operating income of 2,894 million yuan in the first half of 2022, an increase of 0.62 per cent over the same period; and net return to the mother.
zhaoxy@cfsc.com.cn, 17.32 per cent less than in the same year.
In the first half of 2022, in the context of repeated domestic epidemics and the slowdown in overall demand in the consumer electronics sector, the impact of the build-up of downstream manufacturers to stock and the company ' s mlcc-based component operations was significantly affected.
The company's acquisition of electronic components and parts of materials/communications/semiconductors, respectively, has remained largely stable in its communications component operations, and semiconductor component operations have benefited from the rapid growth of demand pulls of 5g, goods networking, new energy vehicles and car intelligence.
The lower Māori ratio is mainly the result of product restructuring and the lower Māori ratio of semiconductor components.
The Māori rate is relatively stable. On the cost side, 22h1 company sales/management/financial costs highlight profitability* 20220429* and Zhao  consumption class mlcc needs continue to be weak, waiting for demand to warm prices.
According to the Trendforce statistics, the cost of materials in the consumption class mlcc during the 21q1-22q1 period has been touched, owing to the epidemic, high inflation and the shortness of the geopolitical conflict.
The demand for consumer electronics, represented by mobile phones, pens, tablets, is still weak. Currently, the average level of water in mlcc sizes is more than 90 days, and Trendforce estimates the average price of the consumer class mlcc for the second half of the year.
Reversely increased R & D investment, and platform-based business advantages were evident, with the rapid transfer of electronic components supply chains to the interior of the country in the context of trade frictions and global epidemics, driving the ever-expanding electronic component market.
Data from the Electronics Industry Association show that the global market of mlcc was the same size as in 2020, with an increase of 11.1 to 10.1 billion yuan, a 6 per cent share of the mainland Chinese producer market, and a large national alternative market.
Industry will continue to boost the mlcc demand, which is expected to reach $149 billion by 2025, but companies still maintain high R & D investment, with $237 million in R & D in the first half of the year, a significant increase of 60.59% over the same period.
The production of electronic components and materials, semiconductors, etc. of fibre-optic connector ceramic cores, aluminium oxide porcelains, ceramics, etc., is on the basis of the global front line, further increasing the production of electronic components and materials, semiconductor components, continuously optimizing the product structure, and helping companies achieve sustainable results.
We believe that companies are under considerable pressure in the short term, as a result of weak consumer electronic demand, primarily milcc-based electronic components and materials operations, and that it is imperative to look at the future of mlcc imports over the long term.
The risk of a decline in the price of passive components, which would benefit fully from expansion projects such as 5g construction and mlcc, ceramic envelopes; increased risk due to competition in the market; lower demand downstream than expected; less progress in building the expansion project than expected; and exchange rate fluctuations
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design at Nanyang University of Technology, Singapore, formerly set up in the Chinese Science and Technology Academy of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Republic of Hong Kong, Chi Ying Yi: Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, a combination of electronics and finance, reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.