MS2: Full splitting of domestic mdi demand over the next three years Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) & mdi climate is influenced by national economic trends, with both cycle and growth attributes
Mdi is one of the more rapidly developed chemical raw materials in the last 20 years, often used to manufacture polyurethane materials, with a strong correlation between the market climate and national economic trends, and the prevailing mdi downstream is used mainly in the fields of domestic electricity, real estate, spinning, elastomers, with cyclical properties since 2022.
Global economic growth is slowing, mdi needs short-term pressure, and prices are generally in the bottom zone. In addition, mdi-made polyurethane materials have excellent elasticity, energy saving, light quantification, non-alcohyde glue, and mdi is successful as they are pursued without formaldehyde, energy conservation, and so on.
Long-term properties, long-term wide-scale non-aldehyde glues, light-quantified compound materials, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly foams.
Tens of thousands of tons, and demand is now in a slow recovery phase. The largest domestic aggregate mdi downstream application is in the white-coloured household power sector, which has reached 50%. Since 2023, monthly refrigerator production has grown from the bottom and the market has entered a new recovery cycle. Domestic automobile production has been sold after the outbreak.
Also at a steady growth stage, domestic mdi demand is slowly recovering. After 2022, the United States has entered a downward trend in the landscape of real estate and is expected to rebound in the future as interest-rate-reducing interest rates fall.
● Rapid diffusion of new applications downstream in mdi, leading to demand for rehydrated materials and glue mdi Polyurethane materials with energy-efficient heat, light-quantified, non-alcergen glue properties and some progress in applications in the non-alcohyde, pallet, automobiles, photovoltaic border, building temperature protection, etc.
The fastest growing mdi demand point is expected to exceed the total potential demand for mdi glue in 2026 in the ellipse market by 570,000 tons. The light-quantified, corrosion-resistant edges for refuel use have the potential space for mdi demand in 2026 in polyurethane compound frame.
The development of polyurethane exterior heating materials is still slow in China, and policy and regulations are now being improved. PUR co-temperature materials are used to maintain temperature and flame retardation, based on the projected completion area in 2026, assuming that PUR buildings have 15 per cent permeability of the pyrotechnic exterior wall, with a potential need for mdi in the future.
The demand is 220,000 tons. With the introduction of new applications downstream of mdi, we expect that the demand downstream of mdi will still have a wide potential for growth.
At present, Mdi has a global capacity of 10,72 million tons, mainly concentrated in Mandarin Chemistry, Bassov, Kostov, Hensmae, and Tauga, with a total of 51% of the total. New production growth in the future comes mainly from 600,000 tons in Huanhua and 200,000 tons in Jinhu.
1. Quarter-by-season improvement, cost variations in new production capacity, labour, depreciation, mdi technology, etc., and lower likelihood of new entrants in the future. Domestic economic recovery slowed in 2023, with household electricity production starting after the bottom of the 2022 cycle
The four-quarters performance improved, new production became operational, cars gradually recovered after the outbreak, and the completion site rebounded under policies such as the “survival building”, while the growth of new application growth points downstream of mdi grew rapidly, such as ellipse-free boards, cold-chain containers, etc.
As the economy warms further, we expect that the traditional areas of domestic electricity, cars, spinning, etc. will continue to grow at a slow pace associated with the gdp, which is now emerging without entropy.
In applications such as plate, cold-chain containers, trays, etc., we expect to maintain high growth in the future and will also compensate for the lack of demand for mdi in the lower end of the long-term real estate, which is expected to be domestic mdi in 2024-2026. Quadrochemicals are a well-known global polyurethane industry, new energy sources, spices, poe,
(b) New material projects such as semiconductors accelerate their progress and are expected to sustain high capital investments in the future, with performance (1) at a slower pace than expected in the construction of the project; (2) at a slower pace than expected in the approval of the project;
(3) Risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials: 1.mdi price base zone, where demand is expected to resonant at 1.1 mdi strong cycle properties, demand is directly related to gdp
mdi is one of the more rapidly developed chemical raw materials in the last 20 years, often used to manufacture polyurethane materials, and the market climate is closely related to national economic trends. mdi is one of the main raw materials of polyurethane, which is divided into two major categories: pure mdi and polymer mdi, with a ratio of around 3:7.
Shoes, ammonia, tpu, etc. are dominated, and the demand for pure mdi is associated with the need to consume it on a day-to-day basis. The condensed energy of the condensed mdi is higher than that of pure mdi and has a higher degree of interaction and strength with polyols, which are commonly used in hard bubble materials, downstream mainly for polyurethane-resistible foams, coatings, adhesives, etc., in the field of applications.
In the past 20 years, it has benefited from the rapid development of the real estate chain, automobiles, etc.
The production capacity of and demand for mdi has been growing steadily, making it one of the most attractive chemical raw materials. Ten thousand tons. The global economy has been growing at a rate of around 3 per cent over the past decade, affected by the epidemic in 2020, and the global recovery of gdp in 2021, with mdi demand reaching 82.35 million tons, an increase of 11.51 per cent over the same period.
In 2022, domestic outbreaks and global economic downturns were repeated, mdi demand was slowly recovering, and global demand for mdi reached 8.32 million tons, an increase of 2.71% compared to the previous year. According to Drogen, China’s trend in consumption is positively correlated with China’s growth of gdp, which was affected by the epidemic in 2022.
China ' s consumption of 2158 million tons fell by 12.34 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and global demand for mdi in figure 1 and global gdp increased in 2023 as the economy recovered.
Phase 2007-2008: This round of mdi prices, the fall in price differentials are mainly due to mdi capacity expansion, the fall in crude oil, and the end of the year, when the Van Ningbo 160,000 tons mdi project came into operation: in 2006, the Shanghai Federation's Heathing 240,000 mdi project was launched, and overseas, Bassov, Hensmay, etc., all have new capacity. The round of mdi expansion involved a large number of manufacturers, weak producers.
The price of mdi fell after the mdi was released. In 2008, the US financial crisis cast a shadow over the global economy, the global economic growth slowed, the demand side of the mdi was affected, and oil prices collapsed, accelerating the fall in the mdi price round, leading to a narrowing of the price gap.
2015-2016: The slow price decline experienced by this round is largely due to the expansion of mdi’s capacity and the slow pace of economic growth. Beginning in 2014, 600,000 tons of mdi capacity were expanded at a smoke station and the 400,000 tons mdi project was launched in 2015 in Basfe.
Field demand growth slowed, supply and demand were relatively relaxed, and the price of mdi fell at a narrow price gap. Production fell as demand for refrigerators, cars, etc. due to supply-side reforms and environmental protection.
On the supply side, Huanhua built 400,000 tons of mdi capacity at the end of 2022 and continued to expand 400,000 tons of mdi capacity at Fujian in 2024, causing a low price shock on both the supply and demand sides.
In the future, we expect that the demand for mdi will continue to move towards a slow recovery. On the domestic front, the State Department has officially published the Action Programme for the Promotion of Large-scale Equipment Renewal and the Exchange of Consumable Goods for the Old.
While the overseas economy has entered a slow pace of growth, with relatively weak demand and pressure on the prices of polymer mdi exports, the volume of mdi exports has remained high, reaching 1,043,700 tons in 2023, the volume of pure mdi exports has fallen, the United States property is expected to rebound, and we expect that overseas demand, represented by the United States, will be gradually restored.
Figure 3 Polymermdi Price Reverses The area of building temperature protection is the largest application of polymermdi in global dimensions, at 50%, and tpu is the largest application of pure mdi at 41%. In terms of mdi ' s consumption structure, the global consumption of mdi is reduced to 41%.
The demand is mainly concentrated in the construction industry, including building panels, building paints, etc., which reached 50% in 2022, much higher than the share of polymer mdi applied in China’s real estate industry, indicating that the demand for mdi abroad and the construction real estate industry are most relevant.
In 2022, households accounted for 20% of polymer mdi, while refrigerator freezers were produced and exported in China, while polymer mdi was used in refrigerator freezers, far less overseas than in China. tpu, as a high-performance elastomer, gradually replaced materials such as pvc, the largest area of application downstream in 2022.
tpu, 41 per cent, while ammonia, synthetic tangent, elastomers, etc., 14 per cent, 13 per cent, 13 per cent, respectively.
After 2022, the United States entered a downward trend in real estate, and with future interest rates falling and interest rates falling, the United States is expected to rebound. The US real estate climate and interest rates are negatively related, followed by a downward trend in US interest rates in 2018, a warming of United States property, higher demand for housing, and new construction in the United States.
Housing, as well as private homes that have started to work since 2020, has erupted in the United States. After entering in 2022, the United States entered the interest-added chain, with interest rates rising, mortgages, interest rates, which have discouraged the general public from buying and changing their homes, and since 2022, the real estate market in the United States has been on the rise.
In 2024, assuming that the US is expected to start gradually cutting interest rates, interest rates will fall, and we expect that US housing will re-emerge, and that US housing and house sales will rebound.
Figure 6 Trends in the landscape of real estate in the United States, Figure 7 Linkages between sale and interest rates in the United States, and relative weakness and fragmentation of real estate in different parts of the European Union.
After 2021, the EU real estate market remained stable, but the impact of the European Union ' s economic downturn on the real estate and consumer markets led to a downward trend in the number of construction permits approved by Germany for new construction starting with December 2021, where Germany had already dropped to 2012-2013 levels.
Figure 8 European Union 27 state construction output Chart 9 Number of construction permits approved by Germany for new construction
The consumption structure of mdi varies considerably from one country to the other. In 2023, 52% of polymer mdi downstream was used in domestic electricity such as refrigerators, freezers, etc., the largest application of polymer mdi downstream, and the most relevant domestic needs of polymer mdi and refrigerator freezer industries.
Painting, ocf, plumbing, etc., accounts for about 13%, and automobiles for 8%, including braking systems, seats, interiors, etc. In pure mdi downstream, tpu is the largest downstream application, accounting for 31%, while ammonia, synthetic tans, and soles account for a small difference of 20%, 21% and 23%, respectively.
Figure 112023 Substream consumption structure of China ' s polymer mdi Chart 102023 Substream consumption structure of China ' s pure mdi
As the largest application area downstream of the polymer mdi, the 2020 epidemic created a demand for food storage, fresh storage, and increased demand for refrigerator freezers. Short-term fast purchases of refrigerators, freezers, etc., have created potential consumer demand, and as the epidemic subsides the demand for refrigerators and the production of refrigerators.
The monthly production of refrigerators has gradually started to grow from the bottom, with the market entering a new recovery cycle. China, as a major motor vehicle producer, experienced a decline in monthly production in the first half of 2022, and, after the 2023 outbreak, China’s automobiles began, new real estate construction began and completed, with a negative growth phase, and real estate is now under considerable pressure.
Specifically, with the continuation of the bailout policy, the short-term completion area has remained positive since 2022, reaching around 20 per cent, and there is still a better demand for polymermdi, and the data for real estate completion is better than the number of start-ups, and as the new start-up area moves towards completion, there will be some downward pressure on long-term viewing of the completion site.
Figure 12: Data on the production of refrigerators in China, Figure 13: Sales of motor vehicles in China, Figure 14: Trends in the area of new construction and completion of real estate in China
In 2022-2023, polymermdi exports showed an upward trend, reaching more than a million tons per year. In the second half of 2020, domestic epidemics were gradually brought under control and many overseas countries were still in the outbreak phase, leading to lower rates of overseas plant start-up and limited production capacity, thus increasing domestic mdi products.
In the second half of 2021, as the global epidemic gradually improved, overseas plants gradually returned to normal production. In the process, mdi increased demand on the global market as an important chemical material.
In 2022, the epidemic was repeated in the country and, although it had some impact on mdi exports, it was reduced to 1,0136,000 tons in Russia and China, and in 2022, although affected by the epidemic and the low demand from abroad, it brought together mdi.
Over the years, polymer mdi continued to grow at a high level.
The US is still the largest exporter of polymer mdi, with Russian and Middle Eastern exports growing fast. The US is the country’s largest export destination for polymer mdi, with 2,824,000 tons exported to the United States in 2021, accounting for 27.86 per cent of total exports, beginning in 2022.
The US share has declined as exports to Russia and the Middle East, among others, have increased, but it is still the highest annual exports to the United States of 23.01 million tons, or 22.05 per cent. And Russia, Middle East, and so on, has been growing at a high rate, with China exporting 38.3 million tons, or 3.78 per cent, to Russia in 2021.
In 2022, the amount of polymer mdi exported to Russia was 6.53 million tons, or 6.61 per cent, and in 2023, the amount of polymer mdi exported to Russia was 10.94 million tons, or 10.48 per cent. In March 2024, the volume of polymer mdi exported was 11.31 million tons, the volume of American polymer mdi exported was 2230,000 tons, and the export climate recovered.
At the export price end, from 2022 onwards, the overseas economy entered a slow upswing phase, with weak demand, while the United States introduced a boost-up model that constrained the landscape of the real estate market, aggregatemdi exports began to press down, prices went down, and, in November 2023, aggregatemdi exports fell to $1223.41 per ton, at the bottom of almost five years.
Interest-reducing model, with an increase in the weather of overseas properties, and future recovery of overseas mdi demand. Figure 18, polymer mdi, exports to the United States of America in tons/tonne, figure 17, polymer mdi monthly export data
Figure 19 Monthly data on the exports of polymer mdi Chart 202023 share of the exports of polymer mdi 2.mdi ' s new applications are rapidly imported and will gradually expand in the future
Polyurethane materials are energy-efficient, light-quantified, non-aldehyde-coated, and have some progress in applications such as elliptic panels, pallets, automobiles, photovoltaic border frames, and building temperature preservation. China’s polymer mdi downstream is dominated by white domestic electricity, real estate, etc., and other applications are relatively small in size, with more room for development.
The polyurethane material is energy-efficient, light-quantified, non-alcohyde-coated, and the new downstream market is dominated by applications such as composite materials, glues, energy-saving heat, and is being replaced by environmental protection, reduced scripts, light-quantifiable effects.
There has been some progress in the application of trays, automobiles, photovoltaic frames, building temperature preservation. We expect that PUR should be used to increase the demand for polymer mdi in the future to make up for the impact on mdi of the downside of the property, and thus drive the development and change of the mdi industry.
2.1 The ellipse-free market, using mdi million tons, accelerates the environmental plywood process The plywood is the main form of the plywood, which is used downstream mainly in the furniture manufacturing, architectural decoration and packaging industries.
The product is divided into plywoods, fine-wood panels, fibre sheets, chipboards, etc. The plywood tablet is a three- or more-storey suspension or scratch.
Cutting monoliths, glue-coated glues, which are made from wood shredding (including wood chips) and other plant fibres, are made from the application of glue formations, which require glue-coated plywoods, chipboards and fibreboards, with some rigid demand for glues.
In 2022, the percentage of plywood in the plate was 58.5%, and the market size was stable. The variety of plywoods is larger, and the breakdown of products includes, inter alia, plywood, fibreboard, and plywood, depending on the year 2022.
Data on production of slabs, 58.5 per cent plywood, the largest breakdown of slabs, 14.5 per cent fibre sheet, 8.8 per cent chipboard, and 7.6 per cent other slabs, as measured by data on slab production over the last five years, have moved to a more mature stage, limited market growth, and future industrial development will focus on stocks.
In 2022, the total production of man-made panels fell slightly. Figure 232017 / 10,000 cubic metres of China's man-made production structure 242022
The mdi glue has no formaldehyde, high strength, and the outlook is clearer in the use of artificial panels. The glue is an indispensable raw material for the manufacture of artificial plates. Common glues include the formaldehyde series (sale, phenol, melamine) and the biomass-based series (protein-based, wood-based, starch-based), mdi glue, thermal plastics.
Sex resins. The formaldehyde series is more widely used on artificial panels because of low prices and good performance. Biological gels, mdi glues and hot-plastic resins are relatively greener and healthier. They are also the main focus of the plastic-plating industry.
Full, low application, no formaldehyde, good water resistance, high internal bond strength, declining costs, and clearer prospects in the use of man-made panels. mdi glue is the ideal glue for ellipse-free boards, and release from formaldehyde is significantly lower than that of common man.
The slabs are mostly glued to acrylic resins and are commonly used for the preservative treatment of formaldehyde, which releases formaldehyde due to the degradation of wood raw materials, the overdose of formaldehyde, inadequate heat pressure, aging, etc., resulting in a severe excess of indoor formaldehyde.
At the time of solidification, it was a concentrated reaction, no by-products were produced, it was not easy to produce defects in the plywood layer, it had an excellent chemical connection with porous materials such as wood, it did not contain harmful substances such as formaldehyde, toluene, mdi's ecological glue, it was made with a plate strength comparable to that of a common plate, and it was superior to the traditional plate in the areas of bending, nailing, watering, etc.
In the case of formaldehyde release indicators, the normal plate run-off release of formaldehyde is 124 mg/m3, without thiram. The plate is capable of 0.025 mg/m3, and the mdi eco-gels are significantly superior to the traditional plate. mdi without formaldehyde is a cost of 173 yuan/m3.
We compare the cost of chipmunk glue and other supporting materials with the cost of mdi glue per cubic metre.
The cost of plywood glue is about $173. Moreover, given the thickness of different plates, the thicker the cost advantage is greater. Due to the properties of mdi glue, there are currently fewer applications in the field of plywood, but plywood yields account for more than 50% of man-made panels, and the market space is wide and remains to be developed.
The opening ceremony for the listing of the fenf has been well under way, with a multi-year production of whole logs on the fenf high velvet mdi, and the introduction of an innovative, fully automatic continuous pressure-pressure process to lay the imported pinewood on the top and bottom surfaces, to form a stable surface super-floor, and to break through the technology of multi-platinum mdi glue to achieve a whole new generation of ellipse-added enf
Level-free formaldehyde adds a fine-fashioned multi-layered board. 75% - 80% of the unalcophalic plate downstream is used in the area of furniture, with upstream mdi production enterprises, middle-stream mdi non-alcohyde manufacturing enterprises, and downstream furniture firms promoting the mdi non-alcolate industry.
At present, furniture is the largest area of application downstream, with 75% - 80% of furniture, 5% - 10% of construction, 3 - 5% of packaging, 2 - 5% of flooring, and other areas.
At the same time, 14 large and continuous production lines have been built in the provinces of Weiwei, Ani Cheung Maung, Henan Lanko, Henan Sunyang, Shandong Yang-shin, Shandong Ling, Guangdong Guangzhou, Hunanzhou, etc.
Three major manufacturing systems, building a three-storey industrial park model. A “industrial 4.0” model is used for the production and operation of a cluster of industrial parks with green and environmental resources using various agro-forest residuals, mainly for the production of fragrance sheets, which are mainly characterized by green, green, non-dehyde additions, and will continue to have a location and location in the country in the future.
In regions with a resource advantage, new projects continue to be launched to expand the entire industry of ellipse-free man-plating, leading to nationwide production parks, and to reduce efficiency gains. In addition, companies are actively promoting the dealization of their original production lines, and the total capacity of the future HDZ will be further enhanced, leading to an increase in the demand for mdi glue.
The market for ellipse is moving fast, and the total potential demand for mdi in 2026 is expected to exceed 500,000 tons. According to the HDIA, the demand for mdi is 18 kg/m3, for the plate 20 kg/m3 and for the fibre sheet 35 kg/m3.
A 2% growth rate, a 0.5% growth rate for the fibreboard market, an 8% growth rate for the chipboard market, and an average historical growth rate for the respective markets. Assuming a penetration rate of 4% for the mdi market in 2022. The total demand for the mdi market is expected to exceed 500,000 tonnes in 2026.
The potential market space for mdi glue will be more than millions of tons. 2.2 No formaldehyde pressurized pallet performance is excellent, and it is expected that the non-aldehyde-based mdi pressurized tray will be replicated with raw materials such as waste wood, which will be made of shredding, rubber application, etc.
The system is used as a collection device for the transport, warehousing, packaging, handling, handling, handling, distribution and distribution of goods at all stages of the flow, for the rapid movement of goods, for the reduction of double handling, for the improvement of storage and handling management efficiency, and for the saving of packaging materials and for the reduction of commodity costs.
The mdi-pressure trays are used as raw materials in the form of scrap wood, plant fibres, agro-forestry and other processes such as shredding, drying, blending glue, heat pressure, etc. Waste-based pallets can break new recovery systems and contribute to the green cycle process, and the mdi-pressure trays weighing 2-3 tons use less than 1 kg of carbon on a single basis over the life cycle.
The mdi-pressure tray has great advantages in green, environmentally friendly, and low carbon. The mdi-pressure tray is based on wood-processing residues, wood fibre materials and crop straws, which take full advantage of the value of wood residues.
The production process of mdi pressurized trays does not require cutting trees, reducing deforestation and wood waste compared to traditional wood trays. Second, due to the high degree of mdi glue glue glues, the amount added to the molded trays is only one fifth of the traditional glycerine, which also helps to reduce carbon emissions while reducing the use of chemical glues.
In the production process, the energy is low, the raw materials need not be dried to dry during the production of mdi-mold pallets, and the heat pressure time is reduced from the traditional 300s to 150s, saving steam and electricity. The mdi glue is an environmentally friendly material that does not contain any harmful substances and does not pollute the environment, and no formaldehyde is added to the production environment.
The mdi pressurized trays are more superior in physical, mechanical and functional terms than the traditional molded trays. The mdi glues are much more sticky, the viscosity levels are sorted into mdi glues, phenol resins and mdi glues.
In physical performance, the water thickness of the mdi pallets is minimal (11.03%) and the waterproofness is best to reduce the unprofitable effects on the structure, carrying performance and appearance of the trays as a result of water inflating. In mechanic performance, the mdi amplifier trays are strongly combined in the interior, reinforced intensities and forks.
In terms of strength, it's better than the other two types of glue. In terms of strength, the curves of the mdi glue test group rise to a certain height, showing a sudden downward trend, suggesting that it is better at this time to suddenly break up and become more rigid. Moreover, the mdi voltage trays perform the best in the fork-string strength test.
Tray markets continued to grow in size, but the pace of growth continued to slow. In 2023, owing to large environmental impacts, such as the weakening of the global economy as a whole, the continued high prices of raw materials for palletization and inadequate customer demand, trays. Production firms resisted pressure from all sides, ensured the fulfilment of targets and tasks set at the beginning of the year, and provided for the smooth development of the logistics sector.
In 2023, annual production of China's pallets remained on the decline, at about 355 million, a 4% decline in the same year, while its market holdings were about 1.75 billion pieces, an increase of 2.94% in the same year. The use of plastic pallets and applications continued to expand, the occupancy rate increased year by year, and the rate of wood pallets and plastics decreased slightly.
The total share of the trays is more than 90%.
As an important vehicle in the logistics chain, there is a strong correlation between the demand and the volume of goods transported. China’s cargo traffic suffered a certain shock during the epidemic, and then gradually returned to pre-epidemiological levels, as the domestic economy survives.
In addition, the amplifier pallets also play an important role in port transport, usually stored in pallets as units in container containers, and as of 2021 Chinese container port throughput has passed by 260 million, a 6.73 per cent increase over the same period.
With the gradual recovery of China ' s economy and the gradual improvement in the volume of cargo transport, the use of pallets as a source of transport mitigation, and the need for Figure 35 China ' s volume of cargo transport in 2012 - 2022, the photovoltaic frame performance of 2.3 re-materials has been excellent, and the downstream crowds have accelerated.
Polyurethane compound border frames, combined with advantages of light quantification and corrosion resistance, are currently in the pre-import phase and are expected to become the dominant application of the photovoltage border in the future. The photovoltile border is the main building block of the battery assembly, which is used for fixed, sealed solar cell assemblies, which facilitate the transport and installation of photovoltile components and is conducive to the protection of the glass edge.
Aluminium alloys benefit from light weight, corrosive, plastics, plastics, etc.
The use of light-voltage components is not widespread because of the weight of the steel border, its poor corrosion resistance, its low processing accuracy and its low recovery value. As the light-voltage market continues to grow, more complex and diverse environments place higher demands on photo-voltage components material performance and technology.
Material border frames, which are lightly quantified and corrosive, are currently subject to long application not yet validated and are in the pre-import phase, and it is expected that the aluminium border will gradually be replaced in the future by a photovoltaic border. Polyurethane-based composite material photovoltage border, which can well satisfy the performance of the photovoltaic components in the new application scenario
Query. The photovoltaic border performance of polyurethane-based complex materials has a significant advantage compared to the aluminium border: 1) lightly quantified: the mass under the same volume is approximately 27% of steel and 78% of aluminium alloys. 2) good physical performance: mechanics are 3-5 times the aluminium alloy, and the inflation factor is almost consistent with glass, completely solved.
The problem of the transformation of the photovoltile components from the end of the manufacturing plant to the cold zone was determined. 3) Insulation, antipid: polyurethane composites can have a volume resistance to times10(020)omega\cdotcmcm, and the use of non-metal border wrapping of the photovolt component significantly reduces the likelihood of creating a leak circuit and helps to reduce the power induction of the pit.
Decomposition can also be effective against lightning. 4) Environmental protection: The entire life cycle of carbon emissions is only 12-15% of the traditional aluminium alloy border. 5) Fire resistant, with melting points more than twice as high as the aluminium alloy border.
5) Good aging performance: in conjunction with hydrourethane coatings, age-resistant borders, corrosion resistant, saline fog-resistant 1.2 Aluminium alloy prices increase, polyurethane compound border border values increase Major ingredients for polyurethane compound frames include polyurethane premixes and glass fibres that are solidified and squeezed by pulling
The main raw materials in the polyurethane compound frame include a pre-mix of fibreglass and polyurethane, which mixes polyols and diocyanate with a proportional heat mix, obtains a premix of polyurethane resins, then solidifies it in an enhanced body made of impregnated fibres of glass and platinum, and pulls it out from the export of the above-mentioned heated model with a towed device.
A photovoltage component frame of the type is condensed with a luminous component frame appropriate to the size of the photovoltile pressure. Chart 40 PUR-based fibre-voltage frame production process flow chart. Metal aluminium prices remain stable at high levels, mdi, fibre and polyether prices are low, polyurethane remix borders are low.
Raw materials have a value for money. The pattern of supply in the photovoltaic industry chain is becoming more intense, the policy of photovoltaic subsidies is being phased out, there is now a margin of profit pressure on products from various segments of the photovoltaic industry chain, and the cost of frames for photovoltaic components is about 9% of the total cost, just after the battery fragments, and the reduction of efficiency is an important current development in the border components.
The cost advantage of the photovoltaic border of polyurethane composite materials is increasing as a result of the increase in the average market price of aluminium and the further increase in the cost of the aluminium alloy border. In the case of polyurethane compound, the market price of the flexible polyether, based on data from the Mukawa moor, has been rising since late 2020 and has been declining since late 2021 and is now stable at $10,000 per ton left.
Right. Polymermdi began to recover slowly after a historical low at the end of 2022, but remains at a low historical hub level, currently around $16,000 per tonne. The price of tangled direct veils is also low, now at $3,600 per ton. Dynamicly, aluminium alloys have gradually declined in cost advantage and polyurethane complexes have declined.
The value ratio of the material border has increased and is expected to move forward as the polyurethane compound border is further matured in the future as it is verified downstream.
Figure 42 Average market price trends for soft bubble polyethers Figure 43 Average market price trends for polymer mdi Figure 44 Average market price trends for fibreglass
The potential space for mdi needs in the polyurethane compound frame in 2025 is expected to be 3.28 million tons, and the ongoing business push process is accelerating. Global photovoltaic additions continue to grow at a high rate, with a pseudo-composite frame penetration rate of 18% in 2025, corresponding to 3.28 million tons of potential mdi space.
Significant advantages in cost and performance of urethane relics. A number of enterprises have already begun to deploy related projects.
Figure 46 Progress on photovoltaic border projects for polyurethane rehydrates by enterprises 2.4 Reductions in energy efficiency in building temperature-restriction materials and increasing improvement in national standards
Three main categories. Building energy conservation is the trend towards sustainable development in today ' s society. The outer walls, as the main building forms, contribute highly to building energy conservation, polyurethane, as a heat-stabilizing bubble material, with its excellent heat security, fire protection, durability, bonding, water-proofing performance, etc., have become the mainstream heat security material in developed countries, as well as in our country ' s electricity,
The current market for China’s building-temperature materials, which are more common, can be divided into three types: polystyrene foams (eps), extruded polystyrene (xps)
Polyurethane foams (pu) represent organic heat protection materials, inorganic heat protection materials, represented by rock cotton, glass cotton, bouncing microbes, and organic inorganic inorganic compound heat protection materials, dominated by pneumatic pneumatic slurry. The inorganic materials, represented by rock cotton, are relatively good fire protection materials for China’s current exterior walls.
Mainstream materials, however, have relatively poor thermal insulation and generally high prices, high quality, complex construction processes and prone to secondary contamination, so improvements in the flame retardation of organic materials are an important trend in the exterior walls of the construction industry.
Figure 48 is based on comparison of the main building temperature protection materials, subject to cost and policy implications, with ps and rock cotton being the most widely used outer wall protection material in the country, where the ps weather system accounts for 53 per cent of China's building temperature protection materials, and the rock and cotton heat protection system.
32 per cent compared to 15 per cent for other building materials.
Wood concreteblocks softwood fibreboard
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Polystyrene eppolystyrene extruded polystyrene
The standard code for thermostatic materials of the outer walls of our buildings is gradually being improved and is expected to promote the regulation of the market for the thermal materials of the outer walls of our buildings.
Paradigm. Since the mid-1980s, we have been applying extra-wall heating materials, but it was not until 2009 that we officially introduced regulations on the protection of civilian ex-construction materials from fire, and the standards were delayed to a certain extent, leading to a lack of product integrity in the market and even to security accidents, which also led to the maintenance of building temperature in the market.
The flame-retardance of materials is of great concern, but in recent years China has been developing a system, perfect, and strict standards for the maintenance of exterior walls. In December 2012, the National Standardized Management Board published the Classification of Performances for the Incendiary of Building Materials and Products (gb8624-2012), classifying the combustion performance of building materials as a (non-combustion material), b1 (hard)
Further fine-tuning of the rating based on the need to meet both the basic criteria and the following: b1-level oxygen index value 30%; b2-level oxygen index value > 26%. The building design fire code (gb50016-2014), which has been in force since May 2015, details the combustion of materials in the building temperature protection system.
In addition, the national standard Building Curtain Wall Fire Activation Classification and Test Method (gb/t41336-2022) was promulgated in 2022, allowing the firewall to be expressed primarily in terms of fire-resistant integrity, fire-resistant insulation and radiation-reducing heat.
The curtain wall features are graded and based, further promoting the standardization of the market for heat protection materials on the exterior walls, leading the industry to issue safer and more reliable building heat protection materials.
In 2014-2021, the size of the market for heat-keeping materials on the walls of China and abroad reached 170 billion, maintaining a steady growth rate of about 20%. As low energy consumption and super-low energy-consuming buildings develop in the country, both heat and kernel temperatures are increasing significantly, and the dual requirements for building maintenance and fire protection are increasing.
In addition to the incremental market, the vast market space that has been transformed in the cities, towns, villages, and old and small districts has provided much room for growth. In May 2024, the CDRC issued the Action Plan 2024-2025 on Carbon Reduction for Energy Conservation, Building Festival.
At the end of the year, more than 200 million square metres were added to the existing energy-efficient construction. Polyurethane is still under-represented as a heat-resistance material for the outer wall, assuming that in the future it will see to itself tons of permeable heat-resistance for the polyurethane building. In 2023, China completed construction of 998 million square metres, assuming that the outer wall would be built.
75%: Polyurethane used is synthesized by polyethers and mdi according to 1:1.5, based on the 10,000-centrifugal “polyurethane core integrator” patent, pyrolysis level, with an average thickness of 8 mm, and 50 kg/m3, with a concentration of polyurethane used. As polyurethane material is currently used in the outer walls of buildings less frequently, the penetration rate is 2 - 8%.
In the event, and taking into account the level of residential completion in 2023, the magnitude of the demand for mdi in the exterior wall area is estimated at 36,000 to 116,000 tons, assuming that the forward polyurethane is the main temperature-resilient material for the exterior wall, based on the projected area of completion in 2026, with a penetration rate of 15 per cent and a potential market for mdi in the field of heat protection in the polyurethane outer wall.
Field space reached 220,000 tons, assuming a penetration rate of 50 per cent, and potential municipal space for mdi in the field of polyurethane surface heating would reach 730,000 tons. 3.mdi supply patterns are stable and demand is growing steadily.
3.1 mdi supply patterns are stable, with 33 million tons in the 10,000-watt ratio, mainly in Asia, Europe, and the Americas, with Asia having the largest production base in the world, namely, Huenhua chemistry, Kostov, Bassov, Hensmae, Dong Cao, and Jinch Lake, with the largest production base in the world.
Of the 5,91 million tons of capacity, 54%, the main producers are Manchuria, Bassov, Kostov, Hensmay, Tods, etc., with the highest chemical capacity of 3.5 million tons per year, 33% of the Bida, a medium 91% of the top five industrial clusters, and a certain market share and competitiveness in the production capacity of leading enterprises.
Price fluctuations, environmental policy adjustments, etc., can have some impact on the supply of mdi. On the performance side, in April 2024, the Fujian Industrial Park mdi plant completed the technological expansion of its capacity from 400,000 to 800,000 tonnes/year, and it has already been tested for production, and the Ningpo Industrial Park 1.8 million tonnes/year technology improvement project was completed.
The technical barriers are high and involve processes such as nitrification, hydrogenization, photo-gas synthesis, photo-gasification, separation of distillation, long reaction processes, complex production mechanisms, high corrosivity of by-product hydrogen chloride, custom-made equipment, highly toxic gases, difficult to verify, taking into account the scale of the new entrants' investments.
At present, there are no significant potential new entrants to the industry to meet the conditions of technology, cost, light gas, investment, etc., and the future share of the corporate market is expected to increase further.
Figure 59 Distribution of global mdi manufacturing capacity/tonnes 3.2mdi demand is growing slowly, supply-demand relationships are stable mdi as a chemical raw material with strong cyclical properties, downstream applications are fragmented, demand and national economies are in demand, and
The gdp acceleration is positive, and according to our historical data, in 2022, the domestic mdi fell by 3.93 per cent, mainly due to a decline in domestic electricity, real estate, ammonia, shoeline fluids, etc. 2022: Refrigerator freezer as the largest downstream application of the polymer mdi, after the 2020 outbreak.
The demand for the freezer surged, but as the epidemic subsided, the demand for the refrigerators fell in 2022, and the production of the refrigerators went down. Similarly, the area of land completion was reversed from 2022 onwards, and the downside of the property also dragged demand from the property chain, such as spray paints, panels, ocf, and the area of construction rebounded in 2023, but the start-up continued to fall to the ground.
The long-term development of production and the need for spraying, sheeting, pipelines, etc. were affected. 2023: The domestic economy recovered slowly, domestic electricity production began to be repaired gradually after the end of the 2022 cycle, cars recovered gradually after the outbreak, and the completion of the site rebounded in the short term under policies such as the “safehouse” and so forth.
The main areas of demand will maintain the slow growth associated with gdp, while for the current and emerging applications of ellipse, cold-chain containers, trays, etc., we expect to maintain high growth in the future and will also compensate for the long-term decline in real estate.
Material projects accelerate their progress and are expected to continue to have high capital investments in the future, and the performance hub is expected to move up gradually. (1) The project is expected to be built at a slower pace than expected: (2) The project approval process is expected to progress at a lower rate than expected:
(3) Risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials: Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of the present report. Data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.