Mandarin Chemistry (600309.ch): August newspaper
• iii. petrochemical plate update iv. Other plates.
The research and development costs and capital expenditures of the firm fendiscloreofrisks, valuationhothodologiesandtargetpriceformentonallhotiratestocks, pleaserrefertothelestfullreportonourwebsitequitis.htisec.com will increase from year to year, with research and development spending of $2,081 million in the first half of 2024. In the second half of 2024, work will continue on “optimization of existing processes, conversion of autonomous R & D results, materials and applications development”.
Fulldiscussionofrisks, valuationholdologies andtargetpriceformentonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelestfulreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com I, R & D costs & capital expenditures 2024 Polyoleene Project and Phase I and II of the Low Carbon Industries Park of New Manpower Materials Project, whole-year petrochemical industries
The project plans to invest $14.91 billion; accelerate the industrialization of a range of high-value-added products, such as melamine and nutrients, developed autonomously; invest $4.45 billion throughout the year in precision chemicals projects; invest $2.01 billion in high-quality materials and supporting projects; and accelerate the development of the company ' s second growth curve by six.
Construction of a range of battery materials, electronic materials, etc., including lithium fluorophosphate, with an investment of $4.18 billion in new and emerging materials projects throughout the year.Forulldisclostures, valuemethodologies andtargatepriceformentonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserfetothelestrealreportonwebsitequities.htisec.com
I. The number of employees / composition of the staff, based on the company ' s industrial position and strength, continues to take advantage of the company ' s leading enterprise, engaging and cooperating in deep-farming schools and recruiting more than 5,000 people throughout 2023. In 2023, the number of research and development personnel in the company was 4079, or 14.04% of the total number of employees in the company, with 159 PhDs and Master ' s students.
1655 people, companies constantly generating talent potential, perfecting the talent development system, and helping companies to develop continuously. Total number of company employees and the share of R & D in 2015-2023
Since the company has been listed, it has discovered annual gold dividends for all shareholders. To date, cumulative cash dividends to shareholders amount to $41,273 million. For the next three years, the company will insist on cash dividends, maintaining the continuity and stability of its profit distribution policy, and will distribute annual profits in cash no less than 30 per cent of the distributed profits achieved in the current year after full withdrawal of the statutory reserve and any discretionary fund.
Changes in the distribution of corporate dividends for the first half of 2015-2024, valuesmethodologiesandtargetpriceformentallhtiratedstocks, pleaserfertethelatestfullreportofwebsitequitis.htisec.com, Overseas Competitor Bulletin, August
With regard to production, the company will continue to upgrade its safe production management and ensure the stability of the installations through a number of intellectual means.
In terms of R & D, the development of materials and applications will continue around “Forull process optimization, autonomous R & D outcomes conversions, material and application development, valuationmethodologies andtargateformissionforallhtiratedstocks, pleaserebertothelestfullreportofwebsitequities.htisec.com • Update of company developments in August
• iii. Polychemical plate update iv. Other plate II.mdi industry information and price differentials
• In August, the domestic polymer mdi market rose and collapsed, and by 27 August, the market price for polymer mdi averaged $17,400 per ton, down 1.14 per cent from the same period last month. In the second half of the month, as prices rose, the willingness to go downstream to purchase the market dwindled, the demand for the end was slowly restored, and the focus of the negotiations fell again; In August, the domestic pure mdi market rebounded and, by 27 August, the market for pure mdi averaged $19,100 per ton, up 6.70 per cent from the same period last month.
Remains, end demand follow-up capacity limited, downstream enterprise stock is still to be digested, staged procurement time in the field is short, overall orders are limited to the market booster, and, with some imported sources filling the market at the end of the month, there has been an increase in intra-field sentiment and slow market transaction follow-up.
mdi inventory and start-up rate
The average price of the aggregated mdi prices for totaldiscussionofrisks, valuemethodologiesandtargatepricefornationfornationalhtiratedstocks, pleaserrebertothelestreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com, mdi devices developments in August
II. mdi device dynamics & supply and demand matrix II, mdi global supply and demand, according to Koths, the global demand for mdi is estimated to be 9,425,000 tonnes in 2025, with a compound growth rate of about 5%.
Forulldiscussionofrisks, valuationhothodologies andtargetpriceformentonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelestfulreportorwebsitequitis.htisec.com, mdi downstream demand
(a) The largest, at 49.89 per cent, followed by construction-related, at 14.27 per cent;
Data from the National Statistical Office show that the production of 8.304 million refrigerators in July 2024 fell 3.0 per cent in the same year; the cumulative production of 5.8610 million in January-July, and the construction of 70,32.86 million square metres of houses in real estate development enterprises fell by 12.1 per cent in the same period.
Me, 23.2 per cent less, or 21.8 per cent, of the 30.17 million square metres of completed housing, including 21.8 per cent less, or 21.8 per cent, of the 21.867 million square metres of completed housing, a decrease in the production of the 2023.3-2024.7 refrigerators and the corresponding year-on-month figure, figure 2023.3 - 2024.7 more completed and cumulative year-on-year
China: Production: household refrigerators: current monthly value (in 10,000 units) China: housing completion area: cumulative value (in thousands of square metres) China: Production: household refrigerators: current month-on-year ratio
China: housing completion area for fulldiscussionofks, valuemethodologiesandtargatepriceformentonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelastreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com II, mdi downstream demand
In January-July 2024, 16,179,000 vehicles were sold, an increase of 3.4 per cent and 4.4 per cent, respectively, respectively, and in January-July, 5.914,000 vehicles and 5.934,000 vehicles were sold, an increase of 28.8 per cent and 31.1 per cent, respectively, respectively; new vehicles sold in new energy vehicles reached 36.4 per cent of total new vehicle sales.
Figure 2023.3 - 2024.6 United States house completion area and cumulative year-on-year ratio 2023.3 - 2024.6 Chinese vehicle production and month-on-month ratio United States: stock sales: seasonal: year-on-year: year-on-year
United States: New housing sales: seasons: Yearful swaps: comparison: downstream demand for mdi
Pure mdi downstream: in July, downstream ammonia starts with about 8.3% of the work load, lower season conditions, the Ammonium plant is active, the demand for the end is relatively low, the output of the plant is normal, and therefore the consumption of raw materials is limited. Downstream tpu starts with about 5-60% of the work, the final order needs to remain dominant, the tpu plant is under pressure, the whole work is running low, and the raw material consumption is therefore weak. Downstream shoe base has 3-4% of the original fluid load, the end demand is slow to recover, entry needs to be replenished, and the overall demand is drawn down.
New monomer releases of footwear are limited, leading to the purchase of raw materials on a demand basis; downstream slurry companies start 3-4 per cent, with terminals still dominated by first-requirement purchases and market-in-the-market sentiment.
The price of pure mdi downstream products for fulldisclostureofries, valuemethodologiesandtargetpricefornationfornationalhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelestrealreportofwebsitequitis.htisec.com • I. Update of company developments in August
• iii. Update of petrochemical plates • IV. Other plates: foreign pdh price differential (US$/tonne)
Forulldiscloreofrisks, valuemethodologiesandtargetpriceformationonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelestfblreportonourwebsitequitis.htisec.com III, price differentials for other priority products, three, polyolefin downstream consumption structures
Figure: Share of consumption of polypropylene in 2023
Forulldiscussionofrisks, valuationhodologiesandtargetpricefornationonallworldstocks, pleaserebertothothefirstfullreportofwebsitequitis.htisec.com, domestic pp balance of supply and demand, may be oversupplying as production capacity becomes available. We expect domestic pp to consume 3692.58 per cent of GDP consumption in 2024-2026.
Forulldiscloreofrisks, valuemethodologiesandtargetpriceformationonallhtiratedstocks, pleaserefertothelestfblreportonourwebsitequities.htisec.com • I, August update of company dynamics • III, petrochemical plate update
• IV. Other key product prices and information Biphenolsa: the price of the domestic market for biphenola fell in August, with an average market price of $9879 per ton, an increase of $44 per ton compared to the market price last month, an increase of 0.44 per cent.
It appears that while there are still installation parking repairs in the month, the overall start-up load of the biphenola industry has increased this month, and spot availability has increased; while downstream epoxy resin and pc operations have been weak in the low season of traditional demand in August, the pc sector as a whole has remained at relatively high levels and has maintained a relatively stable demand for biphenola; pc: the domestic market for pc has continued to experience low demand in August and has increased considerably. This month's average market price was $15,865 per ton, down by $6.0 per ton compared with the previous month, down by 0.04 per cent.
The pc plant in the middle of the country has been operating up, but low downstream demand has suppressed market conditions, the market's gravity has been strained by pressure from the outside, and pc has not been driven enough by its own supply and demand fundamentals for fulldiscussions, valueholdhodologies andtargateprigefornationforglobalhtiratedstocks, other priority product prices and information.
• tdi: A rapid fall in domestic market prices in August. The market price for this month averaged US$ 13884.21 per ton, an increase of US$ 491.21 per ton compared to the average price for the previous month, an increase of 3.67 per cent. Taken together, the fall in prices for the month when prices rose and rose to a high price when the good news on the supply side was boosted, but the price reverted to a decline when demand was depressed. To date, tax implementation in the country of tdi is now around US$ 13600-13,700 per ton.
Dollars/tonnes, an increase of 0.39%. Overall, price fluctuations in raw materialpo have had a direct impact on the polyether market, but downstream demand fatigue has always been a constraint on market movements for fulldiscussionofks, valuationhodologies andtargateforformationforallhtirattedstocks, pleaserefetothelatestfullreportofwebsitequitis.htisec.com. Prices and information on other priority products.
• In August, in combination, lithium hexafluoride was in a game-like state, the raw lithium carbonate was slightly warmed up, the downstream demand was no longer reduced, the mentality of the hexafluoride plant was not diminished, there was a positive shift towards a willingness to move forward, and it was expected that the market price of lithium hexafluorate would be raised by around 0 to 5,000 yuan per tonne in the following month;
• In the case of electrolyte fluids, in August, lithium hexafluoride companies tried to raise prices, but market conditions were limited or would continue to pull, with less price change. The electrolyte cost was weak, the cost of the fluids was expected to be stable, the market price of the fluids was expected to be stable in the following month, and the level of next month's profitability was still low.
Product prices have fallen sharply; costs have risen significantly; demand has fallen short of expectations.
3.petrochemicalsectorupdate 4.othersappendix2