Annual Review of Long-Range Technology (600584.sh)
On the evening of 28 April, the company issued a quarterly report, which generated revenues of $5,025 million, an increase of 43.29 per cent over the same period; and a net return profit of $38 million, an increase of 36.03 per cent over the same period. (i) Performance met expectations and cost controls were excellent.
According to Zhang Xinjun, $5.025 billion was completed in a quarter, an increase of 43 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in new orders and corporate orders at jsk factory sip in Korea; the Māori sales rate was 9.11 per cent in a quarter.
The decline of 1.4 pcs in the same year, 3 pcs in the ring, a slight decline in profitability due to the structure of the jsck factory sip product; the cost of the period, 13.63% in the quarter, 3 pcs lower in the same year, highlights the superior cost controls and stronger scale effects of the company, among which are:
At the same time as the high growth in sales income, the cost of maintaining sales remained unchanged at $54 million, reflecting efficient marketing channels and stable customer channels for companies; net profit returns at $38 million, an increase of 36.03 per cent compared with the corresponding increase; companies actively promoted business integration; and a decrease in the loss and gain in the cost of suspense.
The level of profit is in recovery orbit. (ii) The power is strong, the effect of the S.C.G.P. is visible, the power is strong, the power is strong, the power is high and the client is active in both directions.
In 2016, the primary power supply was excellent in both new technology development and customer development. Long power, advanced and autonomous development of the fo-ecp technology, 12 inches, 14 nmbp mass production, combined jscc as a one-stop service system, successfully imported into the top three new customers in Asia, relying on integrated circuits.
The centre’s technological advantages, the cost advantages of Cebu State’s housing companies, and the significant catch-up of customer advantages, the power of long-term electricity development. The integration process has shown results, and the development effects of clients are clear.
After full integration, Singapore, Korea and Jiangyang formed a single-stop service capacity from fc to bp cavities, with long power available in the domestic market.
(iii) The industry environment is good, the competitive patterns are stable, the industry climate is back, and the Chinese semiconductor army is on the rise.
Since the fourth quarter of 2016, the semiconductor climate has continued to improve. In recent days, the semiconductor industry has been projected to increase by 11% by 2017, and the subsequent upturn of gartner has become more visible.
China's semiconductor industry has a very promising future, supported by national policies and local funds.
After the global merger and acquisition reorganization of the closed industry, the industry shuffling has largely ended, and Taiwan’s sun and moon shines,
America’s three-pronged, global, first-tier pattern of solid and long-power technology has basically evolved. As new technologies such as sip and fan-out have emerged, resources and clients will go further to the firm, and the most difficult period of the firm’s acquisition of Starcombing has passed, and Starcomb has been smooth.
The company has a unique advantage in the domestic envelope, the number of orders is gradually rising, the cost control system is more sophisticated during the period, and as international cooperation with the center core deepens,
The synergies between the manufacturing and the encapsulation chain are further highlighted, and we believe that the company will soon be profitable and will continue to benefit from the larger environment in which the integrated circuits are growing rapidly in the country. It is expected that 17-19 and 20 x and 13 x, and we firmly value the company’s position advantages and the battle for long-term development.
Hsing is not as strong as expected, and large customers are not getting as much as expected.