Long electricity technology (600584.sh) Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company basics (RMK)
The annual report is in line with expectations: 1) The performance of HSKKP has been gradually lost since the third quarter, operating income has been on track, reporting an increase of $US 7,807 million in operating income at the end of the period, an increase of $US 2,368 million over the new (jSck) operation.
1. “Long-power technology goes well, looking forward to the company's subsequent development - during the construction of the production line, which began production in July of the same year; (3) net profit gains attributable to shareholders in listed companies, mainly from the former long-service technology, whose net profit was 432 million yuan, compared to the previous year.
Starco's gradual reversal of the boom, looking forward to the company's follow-up - 60.04% growth over the same period - 4) the company's head of power is advanced in the first half of the year because of global semiconductor market fluctuations, falling demand from key customers, and sales growth has fallen short of expectations; performance in the second half of the year has stagnated and has returned to history.
"The Starfleet is a bit of a drag, the future is a lot of a worry-long power, the synergy is a good thing, and the first group in the industry is a good one: after buying the Starfleet Kimbon, the technology is a long one."
As a result of good synergies, the client structure is complemented by long-term electricity technology, which benefits the country. 5. " Synchronization of solar and moon siliconses with long-range electricity technology. "
Single-Efficacy-Long Electric Technology, 2016.5.27, with company services focused on Chinese clients, establishing and refining the corresponding service model, while building up the supply chain for international first-line customers, forming the S.S. Kimbang, Long Electric Advanced and Medium-Crypton Long.
The power bumping plus one-stop service operating model has the advantage of enhancing cross-selling. Second, the synergism of the encapsulation technology, with the high end containment technology of Starcombing breaking through the bottleneck, the company now has high, medium- and low-end encapsulation technology, covering all high-end customers internationally and domestically, and the long power department of 2016.
The company’s revenue is the third largest of the top 10 laboratories in the world, surpassing the silicon. The primary power camp’s net profits are growing well, and middle- and high-end production combines production with traditional sealing products to exploit potential efficiency gains.
Jin Ji-won goes into a profitable growth drive. The company continues to cover the middle and upper end of the Jiangyang production base, sip, fc, etc., and in 2017, completes the relocation of the Hong Kong Peng Shanghai factory to Jiangyang, with long electricity and medium cores.
The power component fc one-stop production base helps to maintain and expand the advantages in the field of sip system integration and crystal-circle containment; using low-cost advantage layouts of traditional envelopes in Kyongzhou and Cebu State, the profitability of the plant is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with a net rate in 2016, through the drilling of suction efficiency and technological adaptations
With a profit of 158 million yuan, an increase of 51.09 per cent over the same period, the housing estates have also lost their share of the expected surplus, with a net gain of 2,201.01 million yuan in 2016, a loss of 53.35 million yuan over the same period. And with certainty and commitment to performance, companies, regardless of their industry status and technical capabilities, are in the long run.
▪ The industry continues to be depressed, client orders fall short of expectations, and external M&As fall short of expectations.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.