Annual Review of Long-Range Technologies (600584.sh)
77.24 per cent over the same year and 106 million yuan over the same year. (i) The performance of the entire year was in line with expectations, with clear signs of quarterly reheating.
Four quarters of the year, the company collected $5,872 million, an increase of 37.96 per cent, a positive trend. The parent company continued to collect $6,164 million, an increase of 26.2 per cent, and Wang Lei, an increase of 26.2 per cent.
Korea's plant sip is fast-tracked, achieving $2.368 billion a year, making a profit on a single month, and with a client's 2017 years of innovation, it is expected that the Korean plant will benefit significantly. It is worth mentioning that Zhang has created a new plant.
It's 2294 million yuan in Starcomb2016q4, 9.49 per cent ring growth, and (ii) full power surges in the same year, and the effect of S.C.G.P. is showing.
In 2016, the primary power supply was excellent in both new technology development and customer development. Long power, advanced and autonomous development of the fo-ecp technology, 12 inches, 14 nmbp mass production, combined jscc as a one-stop service system, successfully imported into the top three new customers in Asia, relying on integrated circuits.
The centre’s technological advantages, the cost advantages of Cebu State’s housing companies, and the significant catch-up of customer advantages, the power of long-term electricity development. The integration process has shown results, and the development effects of clients are clear.
After full integration, Singapore, Korea and Jiangyang formed a single-stop service capacity from fc to bp cavities, with long power available in the domestic market.
(iii) The industry environment is good, the competitive patterns are stable, the industry climate is back, and the Chinese semiconductor army is on the rise.
Since the fourth quarter of 2016, the semiconductor climate has continued to improve. In recent days, the semiconductor industry has been projected to increase by 11% by 2017, and the subsequent upturn of gartner has become more visible.
43.35 billion yuan, an increase of 20.1% over the same year, is the world’s leader. Backed by the domestic market, which consumes more than 50% of the world’s semiconductors, and supported by national policies and local funds, China’s semiconductor industry is promising.
After a global merger-purchase restructuring of the seal industry, the industry’s shuffling has largely ended, and the global first-tier landscape, with Taiwan’s sun and moon light, America’s secure and long-power technologies, has been shaped.
As new technologies such as sip and fan-out rise, resources and clients will go further to create profitable predictions and investment proposals.
The company’s most difficult period has passed, and Starfleet is gradually improving in the import and utilization of new customers, with an overall improvement expected in 2017. As the country’s semiconductor’s most internationally competitive sealing industry, industry leaders will benefit fully, anticipating the company’s position advantages and the strategic layout of its long-term development.
Hsing is not as strong as expected, and large customers are not getting as much as expected.