East Asia Long Electric Technology (600584.sh)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company issued a quarterly performance report on 29 April, which achieved operating income of $5.025 billion, or 43.29 per cent more than the previous year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was approximately $38.3 million, or higher
The performance of the quarterly report was in line with expectations: the main increase in revenue came from Long Power Korea, which was in production line construction in the first half of 2016, which came into production in July of the same year, and contributed approximately 2,368 million yuan in the second half of the year. Long Power Korea was a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, with the main business being high-end containment and testing products, mainly in progress.
The sip-scale wrap test is a combination of components, chips, and a combination of different functions into a device that is lightly thinned and shortened. It is the next generation of mobile smart terminals. 1. "Performance with intended synergies -- long power technology."
The main technology of circuit containment will be the engine of high growth in the company’s business over the next few years.
The client structure has developed a good complementarities between domestic and foreign clients, and the effects of cross-sales have been shown, with success in 2016 ranking third among the top 10 laboratories in the world with operating revenues. Meanwhile, with the help of the Star Section 3.
Kim Peng’s multi-year accumulation of high-end containment technology has led to a rapid accumulation of patents and high-tech technology, which has provided strong support for the company’s further development.
The value of the low-cost production bases in Xiangzhou and Cebu is reflected in the following:
A one-stop service base from chip to fc inverted will help to maintain and expand the advantages in the area of sip system integration of seals and crystals, circular envelopes, using low-cost edge layouts, both in Suzhou and in Cebu State, where the profits are expected to continue to increase at a high rate through the extraction of suction efficiency and technological adaptations.
Long, net profit of 158 million yuan in 2016, an increase of 51.09 per cent over the same period; the housing plant also lost a surplus of 643.946.1392 million yuan in 2019, corresponding to the pss.
In the long run, companies continue to suffer from a low level of ambition and certainty, as well as performance commitments, regardless of their position in the industry, their technological capabilities, and their clients' orders fall short of expectations; and external M&As fall short of expectations.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average and used as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.