Electronics-consumption electronic component iii, a sophisticated intellectual leader, a continuous strategy to drive globalization
One-stop smart manufacturing services and solutions are provided to clients within the sphere of the ball, covering the entire industry chain of sophisticated functional devices, structures, modules, and precision assembly operations, involving the application of products to multiple downstream markets. In addition to consumer electricity, corporate products and services have been extended to the areas of automobiles, photovoltaic storage, communications, and object networking.
In 2022, companies were selected for the top 500 in China, the top 500 in China, the top 500 in China 2022, the top 100 in China’s digital economy, the top 500 in China and the top 500 in China’s new 2021.
The company has always followed the “customer-centred” service concept, establishing strategic partnerships with a large number of high-quality customers around the world. Through in-depth research on technology, equipment, product design concepts, long-term market research and testing, the company has been involved in the early stages of product research and development for many well-known customers around the world.
Research in manufacturing processes, production sites, technology research and development, project management, etc., with high-quality customer services, has been able to obtain consistent and stable orders from clients and establish win-win partnerships. In 2023, q1, the company earned $7,214 million in revenue, an increase of 2.12 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $647 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
In recent years, companies have also been active in new areas, and in the same time, they have continued to promote globalization strategies. In addition to consumer electronics, corporate products and services have expanded to cars, light and light.
In the area of ar/vr, the company’s precision functionality, structure etc.
In the case of automobiles, in 2021, the Ministry acquired a battery structure such as Zhejiang Jintai, the layout of a power cell, a core aluminium shell, a lid, a switchboard, etc.
Products and other sophisticated car-related structures, such as soft and flexible connections, plastics, etc., have now been built into production bases in Lake, Su, Yiyang, Fukuda and Chengdu, with competitive advantages in terms of precision manufacturing and R & D design capabilities to meet the growing demand in the automobile industry.
Micro-reversers, in close cooperation with the world’s leading clean energy clients in the development, production, etc., provide them with micro-photo-reverse transformers. Companies have succeeded in building fast through a global network of production and service bases, R & D centres, marketing offices, etc.
So far, intellectually engineered to have 58 production and service bases and eight fine assembly bases around the world. We believe that, along with the continued expansion of companies’ multi-purpose operations and the growth of globalization, corporate profitability and competitiveness will have an opportunity to improve, with prospects for the future.
The corresponding amounts are 19.6 times, 15.4 times, and 11.9 times.