Events: Annual report 2022, published on 28 April by the Ingenuity, the company received \triangleright quarterly report in 2022, the 23q1 company received $7,214 million (yoy+2.12 per cent); net return to the mother 647 million
Dollars (yoy+115.01%), excluding the net profit of the parent from the deduction of 428 million yuan (yoy+80.19%). Profitability continues to rise, with 1q23 performing better than expected. 3022 million won, plus \triangleright \triangleright
13.49 per cent; net return to the mother, 1,596 million yuan, an increase of 35.25 per cent. Of this total, 4q22 quarter, camp 1) precision functions and structural elements: 24,113 million yuan in 22 years, yoy + 8.77 per cent, or 70 per cent of the total. The Māori rate is 25.97 per cent, yoy + 6.13 ptt. The company ' s product structure is continuously optimized and costs managed.
In-depth report on intellectual excellence (00260.sz): precision “intelligence” yoy+4.71pct, increasing profitability, solid consumer electronics industry, and a growing share of large customers. Companies focus on and consolidate consumer electronics.
\triangleright Business advantages, core business such as precision functionality, structure, etc. kept growing steadily, with a steady increase in the share of large clients &asp, a steady increase in product lines, active expansion of laptops, tablets, smart and wearable devices
At the same time, companies, in collaboration with Vr/ar manufacturers in and out of the country, look to the next generation of consumer electronics innovation + merit card advantages in the context of the trend. Companies adhere to the strategy of multi-centre internationalization, and future production-base capacity and orders will be released gradually in India, Viet Nam, Brazil, the United States, and Turkey.
In the case of new energy vehicles, the purchase of Zhejiang Jintai in 2021, the manufacture of battery-structured products, such as power cell cores, aluminium shells, lids, transfer tablets, and soft connections, has been completed. Five major production bases have been built in Lake, Su, Yiyang, Foding, Chengdu, etc., and will be sustained in the future.
With regard to light voltage, companies have sold micro-photo-reverse transformers to the world’s leading clean energy customers through overseas production bases, and odm capabilities highlight the branding effect of intervening in the inverter manufacturing market. In the future, companies will continue to benefit from an upswing in the overseas photovoltaic market.
\triangleright vehicles + photovoltaic areas, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.