q1 performance exceeded expectations and continued to focus on the key points of the bulletin: operating income of 2020q1 was 1,145 million yuan, compared to +14.17 per cent, net profit for mothers was realized to +55 million yuan, compared to 27.29 per cent, net profit for non-retroactive mothers was excluded from +160.16 per cent.
2020q1 registered a positive and over-expected increase in net profits. 2020q1 was used in vehicles, domestic production fell by 49.0% in the same year, and the company’s main clients suffered a significant decline in their own production, coupled with a sudden disruption in the export of spare parts as a result of the overseas epidemic.
Significant positive growth in the achievement of performance and relative positive growth may be explained by: 1) the continued growth of new customers/new products by companies since their listing, with significant effects, effectively offsets the downside effect of industry q1 demand. 2) 201901 is the lowest-income quarter of the company since 2016 and the second lowest net profit for the mother.
• Technological breakthroughs + new client outreach, enabling upward performance over the next three years. At the technical level: in January 2019, the international certification of aspicecl2 was adopted, marking the opening of company software in the area of automobiles.
In 2019, the sub-products were expanded to include: 1) multiscreen smart cabin products have been manufactured in the car type of the ideal car, the Chang-An and Chi-Ri cars, and new ones have been acquired by the BG, the Wall, the Chang-Aan, the Chi-Ri and the Sky.
Project orders. 2) The vehicle displays new project orders for the screen products - the public, the public, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car in the car, the car in the car, the car in the car in the car. 3) The LCD products have acquired new items for the car factories Biadi, the car in the car in the car in the car in the car in the car in the car in the Great Wall, the car in the car in the car in Chire.
Toyota, Toyota, Lexas, Volkswagen, Chang Anfort, Daf, Volkswagen, Gilly, etc. In 2019, Toyota, Chang Anfort, Rexzas, daf, etc.
Performance upsteps 2020-04-28, new clients, with one pop - public, upper mass, large gas Toyota, Gilly, wide gas usage 2, Desai Siwei (002920);
The customer structure covers the Euro-American system, the solar system, and the core autonomous brands. The Internet track’s scarce targets, 2020-03, are forecasted for profit and rated for investment: smart network is the most important track in the automobile industry in the next three years.
First, Dessehway has a good card position. The national product is replaced by an accelerated + one-core multiscreen upgrade, and the intelligent cabin volume can increase at a full time.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board