The company released its 2019 report and its 2020 quarterly report, which achieved operating income of $5.34 billion in 2019.
The company’s new orders, new products, rapid growth in performance, intelligent driving, car networking, and multiple products from smart cabins are expected to become new growth points in performance. We expect the company to benefit from warmer and new orders, with fast growth in performance in 2019q4.
In 2019, the company earned $5.34 billion (-1.3 per cent) and performed better than the industry, with $4.03 billion (10.5 per cent) of the medium-car information and entertainment system, 370 million (-6.1 per cent) of the body information and control system and structural changes and price reductions for some products.
Increases in remuneration, sales services and product quality assurance fees; administrative costs + 11.9 per cent, mainly increases in payroll and depreciation amortization; R & D costs + 21.6 per cent, mainly for new ongoing projects of the company, increases in remuneration, depreciation amortization and testing costs; financial costs +66.4 per cent, mainly interest charges
Reductions; four cost rates of 18.4 per cent and +3.2pt. Income and gross domestic product (Māori) fall and cost increase, attributed to same income +33.0 per cent; Māori rate of 22.6 per cent, compared to +2.1pd, mainly due to volume size of new projects and structural changes in products; sales costs are associated with higher income growth of +63.2 per cent and R&D costs of +43.6 per cent respectively.
The management costs are expected to be 83 per cent of the same cost control for companies, 17.6 per cent of the same cost, 15.3 per cent of the same cost, +0.2 pd; high income growth and an increase in the Māori rate, and 2019q4 net profit from the same return +91.7 per cent.
Largely, corporate revenues were equal to +142 per cent, and the volume of new projects benefiting from them was significantly better than industry; The Māori rate was 20.1 per cent, compared to +1.9 pd, mainly the volume of new projects and their scale; as the income scale increased, the cost of company sales increased to 14.3 per cent, and the R&D cost increased to 18.5 per cent was managed mainly as a result of the combination and continuation of new project R&D.
Cost +44.5 per cent due mainly to cumulation factors; financial costs due to higher interest discount on instruments receivable and exchange loss +779.6 per cent; four cost ratios of 20.2 per cent compared to +1.9 pdt; high income growth and higher Māori rate; and bad debt readiness resulting in lower asset and credit impairment losses of $18.37 million on a year-on-year basis, plus last year
During the same period, fiscal returns were higher than government grants, with 2020q1 deducting net profit for non-repatriation at +16.2 per cent and net profit for repatriation at +27.3 per cent, exceeding expectations. Smart network products are entering production and are expected to become new growth points.
The year-on-year sales of adas products increased by more than 100 per cent, and various adas products have been scaled up. For example, the platforming project for the next generation of fully automated parking and passenger parking products for domestic lead companies has set the L3 level ALDs to match production to Pelican vehicles; 360 degrees are high.
With regard to car networking, V2x products (collaborative road) have a joint venture branding project.
Targeting, production is planned for 2020; acquisition of a car networking platform, ota, web-based software systems, etc., for the general public, and clients such as Chang Amazeda, Chirette Leopard, Chi-Ri, and others.
The company’s multiscreen smart cabin product has been matched to the car type of the ideal car, the Chang-Ann and Chi-Ri, and has received new orders from the BMW, the Wall, the Chang-Am, Chi-Ri, and the Sky. The accelerated increase in sales and orders is expected to boost the firm’s performance.
Desecway – promising improvements, driving smarts, driving motors – leading cars — leading companies, leading companies in the field of smart networks — promising performances are expected to change with the warmth of the city.
1) Market sales are not as high as expected; 2) Autopilot products are not as fast as expected in terms of R & D and in terms of volume production.