The four-quarters performance improvement was evident, with the Smart Nets project gradually landing - the annual report of the company, 002920. The company published its annual report for 2019, which resulted in a gross operating income of $5.34 billion during the reporting period.
Industrial development in Desai, Huezhou, has improved significantly in the fourth quarter, with high R & D inputs laying the foundation for development: on the one hand, industry sales have fallen on the same scale as the country ' s accelerated decline in the car market in 2019.
9.6 per cent, with a more competitive market environment leading to a decline in corporate revenue; on the other hand, firms have increased their investment in new technology R & D and marketing expansion for the smart network, with the cost of the period in circulationa market value (billion yuan)
The rate increased by 3.2 pct over the same period last year, correspondingly reducing corporate profits. However, the performance of the company improved significantly in the second half of the year, with 17.9 shares showing a relative depth of 300 indicators in the fourth quarter.
The same growth rate of 91.7% shows a rapid recovery in revenue and net profits, mainly as a result of a large number of new products such as the company’s smart cockpit, smart driving, and so on, in the second half of the year. Companies insist on technological innovation as an engine for long-term development, in 2019, in smart networks, etc.
With a strong R & D investment far ahead of domestic auto parts companies, it is expected to guarantee a certain degree of leadership in corporate technology and the company’s foundation for sustainable development. Smart Nets multi-point layout, where new projects have led to long-term growth: a company based on the electronics of its cabins.
In new areas such as active layout intelligent driving, web-based services, a combination of smart-moved walk-throughs, version 3.0 of the smart-space environment, multiscreen smart-cargo products that have been delivered in the ideal, Chang An, Chirry, etc., and large screen-screen models that have gained a popular, high-voltage mass.
Aaa Ceciway (002920) New order for the main plant, such as Qi Li, Guangbus, and Goat General Mitsubishi, with a significant increase in volume: in smart driving, adas products have been scaled up and sold
_aaa_Desessive (002920) Initial coverage report Double sales, full automatic parking system and passenger parking products acquired in-country
The next generation of platforming projects in military enterprises, where the L3-level autopilot control is expected to be produced in 2020 on the Pelican Automobile Auxiliary Model, v2x products, 77g mm wave radar should also be ordered; in connection with network services, the company owns the cloud-side on-line uplift.
(c) To promote the commercialization of web-based services and the acquisition of a vehicle-networked platform, ota, web-based software systems for clients such as the general public, Chang-Ammad al-Amazeda, Chi-Rai Leopard, Chi-Ri, etc.
We believe that, in a new four-way change in automobiles, the company’s forward-looking and comprehensive layout around the three product lines of smart cockpit, smart driving and network service will gradually enter the commercial harvest period, and that the company’s performance is expected to return to high growth as the new smart network project lands.
Corporate smart network technology leads and products are gradually falling, maintaining an “upscaling” rating. 1 and 4 quarters of performance has improved significantly, with high R & D inputs laying the foundation for development.
1.3 per cent of the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which fell by 29.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, were largely in line with the market environment, resulting in a decline in corporate revenue; on the other hand, companies increased their investment in new technology R & D and marketing, with an increase of 3.2 pct correspondingly lower corporate profits over the same period last year.
In terms of quarterly performance, the performance of the company improved significantly in the second half of the year, with revenues of $1.79 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 33.0 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $150 million attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, an increase of 91.7 per cent over the same period, reflecting a rapid recovery in revenue and net profits, mainly due to the fact that many new products such as the company's smart cockpit, smart driving, etc. were in the second half.
By insisting on technological innovation as an engine for long-term development, in 2019, the company invested $660 million in research and development in areas such as smart network networks, which increased by 20.7 per cent compared to 20.7 per cent, representing a high yield ratio of 12.3 per cent, far ahead of domestic auto parts and components companies, and good R & D inputs are expected to guarantee a certain degree of leadership in corporate technology and sustainability.
In the case of smart air travel solutions, in the second half of 2019, smart seatings based on an environment based on the l3 environment were released.
Release 3.0 of the module, the product of the multiscreen smart cockpit has been produced in the ideal, Chang An, Chir, etc., and the large screen shows that the module has obtained a new order from the public, the public, Gilly, the Volkswagen, the Volkswagen general Mitsubishi, etc., with a significant increase in the volume of production; in the case of smart driving, the adas product has been scaled up and sold.
Sales doubled, total automatic parking systems and surrogate parking products were secured from the next generation platform of domestic leading companies, level 1-3 autopilot area controllers were expected to produce in 2020 on the Pelican Car Auxiliary Model, and V2x products, 77g mm wave radars were ordered accordingly; in connection with network services, companies were autonomous.
Cloud-side online upgrade technology, cybersecurity technology, big data analysis and application technology, and gradually promoting the commercialization of web-based services, have obtained orders for projects such as the bus networking platform, ota, and web-based software systems for customers such as the general public, the Chang-Amma-Eduda, Chirete Leopards, Chirres, etc.
In the midst of change, the company’s forward-looking and comprehensive layout around the three product lines of smart cockpit, smart drive, and network service will gradually enter the business harvest period, and corporate performance is expected to return to high growth as the new smart network project lands.
Technology leads and products are on the ground, maintaining an “upscaling” rating. Car sales have fallen sharply, and smart network operations have not expanded as expected