Desai Siwei, based on three major production groups, building the core competitiveness of intelligent driving, Desai Si Wei.
According to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, China's largest automobile electronics company, which is listed on the market, recorded a 9.2% and 9.6% decline in vehicle production and sales in China in 2019 compared to the same period in the previous year, respectively.
The company focuses on people, machines, and ways of life and faces faster and more intense integration and competition. The financial statements show that the company ' s Māori rate was 22.75% in 2019, and that it was integrated into smart cabins, smart driving, and network uniforms.
The company has been developing design, quality management and smart manufacturing for more than 30 years, mainly because of a decline in sales receipts: net operating cash flow/business income of 7.48%.
Professional capacity in the field to ensure that companies can meet the diverse needs of automobile manufacturers and provide excellent products to their customers is reduced by 6.12%. To stabilize the growth of companies in adversity, companies are pursuing a strategy of optimal customer structure development.
In 2019, he managed to break through a new clientele like Toyota, Chang Anfort, daf, and obtained a number of new project orders in q4, including a large crowd, a large crowd, a large crowd, a large number of toyota, a Jili car and a large fleet of cars.
A steady growth was achieved in terms of income of 1,791 million yuan, an increase of 32.96 per cent in comparison with the previous year, net profit of 149 million yuan in return for the mother, and business growth.
Companies have signed strategic cooperation agreements with a number of companies to collaborate in a variety of areas, such as smart-wire cars, auto-driving maps, and smart-net networks. In January 2020, companies were able to align themselves with international R&D technology by improving the international certification of the competency assessment model through the software process in the automotive industry.
In 2019, the company released version 3.0 of the smart cabin, introducing the concept of a “general social” interactive centre in auto-drive13 environments; the sales of smart-driving adas products increased by more than 100% on the same basis;
Networking markets have flourished and have won the Ten-Year Electronic Car Networking Mark. With the company's internationally competitive vehicle screens, LCDs, and information and entertainment systems research and development techniques, the company has gained new project orders from more than a dozen companies, including the Broad Air Cluster, the Wall Group and others.
Qualitative, there is uncertainty about the pattern of competition.
According to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, Chinese motor vehicle production and sales fell by 9.2% and 9.6%, respectively, in 2019, compared to the same period in the previous year.
The financial statements show that the company ' s Māori rate was 22.75% in 2019, a decrease of 1.24 pct in the same year, a net interest rate of 5.48%, a decrease of 2.21 pct in the same year. The net cash flow generated by the company ' s operations in 2019 was $399 million, a decrease of 45.76% in the same year. In order to stabilize the company ' s growth in adversity, the company opened its business with a strategy of development to optimize its customer structure, and in 2019 it succeeded in breaking through Toyota A.
Fort, daf, new clients, and many orders for new projects, such as the public, the public, the public, the Toyota, the Jili, the bus, the car, etc. In 2019, the company q4 received $1,791 million, an increase of 32.96 per cent, a net profit of $149 million, an increase of $140 million, a gain of billions, covering new products such as smart cabins, driving only new products such as car-borne information and entertainment systems, and new products such as driving information display systems.
The volume of production and orders continued to rise, reaching 73.99 per cent. Thus, in a more difficult market environment, firms have achieved steady growth in a sense and are gradually moving towards a corporate development strategy.
Despite the fact that the automobile industry has not yet retreated from the cold winter, the automobile industry has continued to move towards electricization, intelligence, and networking. Companies have continued to strengthen their technological inputs based on more than 30 years of technological accumulation. In 2019, they invested 656 million dollars in research and development, representing an increase of 20.71 per cent over the previous year, for research and development and targeted product-type research. R&D costs are 11.94 per cent, compared with an increase of 2.25 pct, with research and development personnel accounting for 41 per cent.
In January 2020, the company launched a second international certification of the Automotive Industry Improvement and Capacity Assessment Model through a process of software, which marked the international integration of the company’s soft, eastern financial and intellectual development capabilities in the area of automobiles. To face the highly complex technical requirements in the area of automobiles, the company began to work with industry-wide and cross-industry development.
Living integration of resources: During the reporting period, the company (1) collaborated with Fuo, a joint venture for investment in one car, shared in depth: (2) strategic collaboration with one gas, interstellar cars, etc., in various areas of smart network cars, (3) cooperation agreements with 4-dimensional new ones in areas such as autopilot maps, (4) establishment of a cyber-security laboratory with the Singapore South Ocean Polytechnics: (5) merger and purchase of German antenna atbb, in collaboration with technology, markets and nationalization
Manufacturing services capacity, (6) participation in smart driving entrepreneurship, momenta, and New Zealand technology to strengthen cooperation in the field of smart driving. Overall, in 2019, the company continued to develop cross-industry, internationalized technology with customers, suppliers, internationally recognized universities, industrial unions and prominent firms.
In 2019, the company pushed forward the planned build-up of its product fleet, building smart mobility solutions around three product lines: the smart cabin, the smart driver, and the Internet. In the smart cabin, in 19 years, the company achieved multiple-screen smart-barrel production on the ideal car, the Chang-An and Chi-Ri car models, and obtained orders for wide-air, the Great Wall, the Chang-Ann, Chi-Ri and the sky. In June, the company released version 3.0 of the smart-car, which introduced auto-drive.
At the same time, with the big screening of the online video of the car and the rising demand for advanced technology, the company’s display of modules, system operations and liquid crystals has been well developed, receiving new orders from various car factories, stabilizing the company’s overall development in the face of a decline in the industry as a whole. In the case of smart driving, the company has achieved acadas’ mass-scale production, with sales increasing by more than 100% on the same basis.
The fully automated parking system, which has been produced, has been identified as a leading national technology, and the next generation of fully automated parking and passenger parking product platforming sites, 360-degree high clairvoyant and t-box products have been produced with multiple vehicle-type packages, v2x products, 77g-mm wave radars have been ordered by autonomous branding companies, and production is about to be opened. For its part, the company has acquired ownership of cloud-end online upgrading technology, cybersecurity technology, big data analysis and applications.
Overall, while automobile companies are still generally developing in the winter, the company has steadily advanced its three main product groups, with its internationally competitive vehicle monitors, liquid crystals, and information and entertainment systems research and development techniques, adding new project orders to more than a dozen companies, including the Broad Air Group, the Wall Group, and relying on its technological core competitiveness to achieve steady development in the midst of adversity.
A “recommended” rating is given for the layout of the cabin, intelligent driving and network services.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Wang Kenhui, has created values for research and research in industry.
High-growth areas such as retail, ott etc.
Chen Xiaobo is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports: Building the core competitiveness of intelligent driving based on three major industries.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.