The company published its 2019 annual report, and in 2019 it achieved business income of $59.23 billion, a decline of the same amount.
Cao Xuan, after analysis, q4-quarter joint venture brand investment returns have been positive, autonomous brand losses have been realized, and the margin between net profit and investment returns can be estimated, with broad-based autonomy losing about $3 billion a year.
Cost control was effective, with the same-year decline of 20 per cent in management costs and 10.2 per cent in sales costs, and the industry as a whole showed a steady growth in solar sales, pressure on autonomous brand sales, stronger control over costs, management costs of $3.24 billion, a 20 per cent decline in sales costs; and sales costs of $4.55 billion, a decline in sales costs.
With an increase of $650 million over the same period last year, mainly as a result of sales incentives for distributors in q4, we believe that the cost of this unsustainability project will improve in 2020; the cost of R & D will increase by $164 million over last year, mainly by adding R & D projects and models.
The short-term increase in the cost of selling the old autonomous garage has resulted in an increase in losses of q4 and a loss of the main car type gs4 when it was marketed. The company’s extensive branding of 385,000 vehicles was sold in 2019, down 28.14 per cent from the same year, owing to a sharp drop in sales and an increase in sales costs and q4 pairs during the q2 country’s five-car promotion period.
The sales incentives offered by distributors resulted in a loss of about $3 billion in 19 years for autonomous brands, with a quarterly increase of $1.23 billion in sales costs for q4 sales over the same period last year, and a higher share of after-sales services and sales incentives. We believe that the 19-year loss on wide gas autonomy was due to a decline in sales, the end of the gs4 product of the main vehicle;
In November of 1919, the company’s main vehicle, the gs4, was expected to sell more than 20,000 vehicles in April. At the same time, other auto-autonomous models were added to the market in 19q4 and 2020, and we believe that when the company’s new car was listed, the sales were sold.
Wide books and the roll-out of heavy-pound cars and Willanda will be growing steadily throughout the year. The company’s combined brands will be 771,000 and 682,000 sold in 2019, respectively, at the same rate as in the previous year.
For 3.98 per cent, 17.6 per cent, corporate investment returns have increased steadily as a result of the negative growth of the solar system. In 19 years, q4 volumes were rolled out with a compact suv shadow, with a rapid increase in sales after listing for crv, and in January of 20 years, more than 12,000 were distributed and 8538 were retailed at the end.
To 1.1-13 million vehicles; the new Sov-Vilaan, based on the tnga-k high-end platform, is about to be marketed, with sales expected to reach an average of more than 8,000 for sisterly Toyota-type Toyota-type Rav in April.
Guangfik and Guangtsim will also introduce compasses and medium-term changes, respectively. Corporate joint brand sales are growing with greater certainty, and 20 years of performance are expected to improve considerably.
As a result of the decline in sales and the increase in sales, we believe that the company ' s own brand will be listed in the main vehicle model in 2020 and that the Japanese will be able to achieve a higher growth in sales, driven by the boomerang model.
Wang Ying, a Master's degree from Northwestern Industrial University, was appointed to a popular post in East Hing, and the future will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinions in this report do not constitute the purchase of the said securities.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.