The pharmaceutical industry: the skyscraper, July 30, 2018.
1. Industry perspective this week: industry events continue to ferment and the plates face short-term risk of repatriation (1) On 26 July, the National Drug Control Authority issued a bulletin on the evaluation of drug quality and therapeutic efficacy consistency in 16 varieties, such as demagogic fragmentation (fifth instalment). Following this bulletin, the Drug Review Centre of the National Directorate of Monitoring and Control of Food and Drugs will be included in China ' s Medicines on a timely basis through the evaluation of drug quality and therapeutic efficacy consistency.
According to the State Council investigation team, there has been significant progress in the investigation of cases of illegal production of rabies vaccine by Changchun Changsheng, and the fact that companies have violated the law has been largely identified. In order to reduce the cost of production, improve the success rate of rabies vaccine production, and violate approved production processes, including the use of different methods.
In order to cover up the above-mentioned violations, the enterprise systematically created production and inspection records and issued invoices for mice with false dates for inspection by the regulatory authority.
In order to cover up the facts, Changchun has replaced internal surveillance video storage cards, parts of computer hard disks, treatment, destruction, medical reform and innovative medicines, high-quality counterfeiting, slow-disease drugs, internationalization, and cro companies. The evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency has entered the full implementation stage, becoming the most important catalyst for the country’s pharmaceutical industry’s ability to produce, and leading production enterprises through consistent evaluation will enjoy policy benefits in such areas as follow-up bidding, for example, innovation companies.
It is recommended that priority be given to leading companies, such as Heng Swe, which is a product of the industry, collects policy foresight, markets, medicine, medicine in China, Connbé, human medicine, chemistry, transmutation of Tombo, Chinese biology, Leuple medicine, etc.
The hot spots, the depth of the industry, are one, and have important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
\triangleright pushes 1-2 stocks.
For the next three months, we believe that these stock movements will significantly defeat the market.
"cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City."
1. The company’s controlling shareholders reassembly their assets to solve inter-industry competitions, then disengaging their original vaccine business, focusing on blood products, is the only platform for blood products operating under China’s biological flag. Before and after the reorganization, the company’s controlling shareholders and the actual controllers remained unchanged. 2 – blood products have become much more competitive. After the reorganization, taking into account the contribution of Shanghai blood, Wuhan blood, and Lanzhou blood systems, the company’s slurry volume, number of slurry stations, and product varieties.
The blood industry is a resource-based industry, with income levels heavily dependent on raw materials - human plasma, and profitability heavily dependent on the types of products that can be produced. As a result, the competitiveness of the company's blood products business has improved considerably since the reorganization.
Protein and monotonous batches were issued to lead other enterprises in the same industry; hepatitis B was granted special exemption from the 2017 batch of issuances, and rabies were not granted; Only fibrous proteins and cassiterite compounds were issued in batches in the condensed blood group product, but were relatively small, although they did not have a batch in 2017, despite having a production document for caustic viii. The reorganization, through in-house collaboration and relying on marketing advantages, was expected to increase the production and elimination of immunoglobin and condensation factor products.
In order to increase the use of plasma, companies are constantly developing new products. Stereoprote is in the process of clinical trial preparation, the cytocellular human immunodeficiency protein is in the process of clinical trials, and the recombinant human condensation factor viii has been clinically released, and these products are currently non-produced in the country and are expected to become the country’s first start-up company.
The Ministry of \triangleright was unable to collaborate with the anticipated study: 20180612 Tsang Beasts (600161), with a focus on blood products, with a significant increase in competitiveness in the field of blood products.
In 2012, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre (SPC) and was joined by Gong Qin, a Bachelor of Physics from Beijing Teacher Training University, a Ph.D. in theoretical physics from Beijing University, and the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017.
The pharmaceutical industry focuses on the company Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) with the qualifications of the CSRC-approved portfolio of portfolio investment consulting. This report is produced and published by the CSRC. This report is a unique research product for clients under a service agreement with Sinda securities, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not intended for public distribution.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.