The pharmaceutical industry: Tianjin Bian Bian Dynasty 1. Industry perspective this week: industry events continue to ferment and plates are at short-term risk of recovery
(1) On 30 July, the Commission issued a circular on cooperation in the recall and cessation of the use of drugs containing the Chinese Sea pharmaceutical industry
On 3 August, the Office of the State Council issued Guidance for Reforming and Improving the Integrated Regulatory System for the Health Sector, extending the regulatory tentacles to old age and travel.
New industries, such as tourism, the Internet, fitness and leisure, and new practices. The Guidance states that the control of profitability in hospitals for profit should be strengthened.2 Innovative medicines for medical reform, high-quality generics, slow-disease drugs, internationalization, and cro companies. The evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency has entered the full implementation phase, becoming the most important catalyst for the country’s pharmaceutical industry’s ability to produce.
It is proposed to focus on leading companies, such as Hen Siu Pharmacy, Connébé, Human Favour Medicine, Monument Tombo, Warland Biology, Leuptology, etc. [Excellently] is a product of the industry week, gathering policy forwards, markets, etc.
The hotspots, industry depths, and the value of reference for investors seeking absolute returns, are among the hotspots of the current period (600161).
The industry covers the best of the companies, with one to two shares per issue. The weekly update, if the offer remains the same, is the best we've seen for the next three months.
It's proposed to focus on Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., cindasecuritiesco.ltd.
The company’s controlling shareholders have restructured their assets, reorganized them, removed the company’s original vaccine business in order to solve the competition among their internal counterparts, and, as a result, removed them from the company’s original vaccine business.
Focusing on blood products is the only platform for blood products under China’s biological flag. Before and after the reorganization, the company’s controlling shareholders and actual controllers remained unchanged. 2 – The blood products business has become much more competitive. After the reorganization, taking into account the contribution of Shanghai blood system, Wuhan blood system and Lanzhou blood system, the company’s slurry, number of slurry stations, product types and sales capacity are ahead of other enterprises in the same industry.
Depending on the type of product that can be produced. As a result, the competitiveness of the company’s blood products business has improved considerably since the reorganization. 3. Protein and antiquity batch issuances lead the industry, with a smaller cretin factor. Taking into account the contribution of Shanghai blood, Wuhan blood, and Lanzhou blood system, in 2017 the company issued human blood, protein and monocryptium to other enterprises in the same industry; hepatitis B special exemption, tetanus special exemption from 2017, with rabies special exemption from being issued without approval;
Only fibrous proteins and cytase compounds were issued in batches, but in smaller quantities, although they had a cdenomiasis viii production certificate, in 2017 they were not issued in batches. As a result of the reorganization, the company is expected to increase the yields and sales of immunoproteins and celebrosis sub-products through internal coordination, relying on marketing advantages.4 Multiple products are under study and are expected to capture new markets. In order to increase the use of blood plasma, the company is constantly developing new products.
In preparation for the experiment; the immunoglobin of the giant cell virus is in clinical trials during the hysteria period; and the recombinant human coagulation factor viiiii has been approved for clinical purposes, and these products are currently non-produced in the country and are expected to be the country’s first rollout.
Research on the subject: 20180612 Terrestrial Organisms (600161), with a special focus on blood products, with a significant increase in competitiveness in the field of blood products
Wu Pingping, Bachelor of Pharmacy, University of Nanjing, and Master of Biochemistry, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2012. Goong Qin, Bachelor of Physics, Beijing Teacher Training University, PhD in Theoretical Physics, Beijing University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.