Events: Biannual financial report for 2018 released on 24 August 2018 by the Skyfare Organisms, which achieved business income of $1,220 million in the first half of 2018, compared to the increase in the number of planetarium organisms (600161.sh)
In the first half of 2018, the company achieved an operating income of $1,220 million, an increase of 18.17 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the parent company was \triangleright of $237 million, an increase of 25.60 per cent in the same period.
Income from product operations increased by 55.87 per cent over the same period last year; net profits increased by 62.19 per cent over the same period last year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 69.40 per cent compared to the same period last year. The company ' s blood products business increased significantly when it was injected into Shanghai ' s blood system, Wuhan blood system, and three blood products in Lanzhou.
In the first half of 2018, the company ' s single-sampling plasma station in the Xiangyang district was approved for Xiangxi district station, the Xiangzhou municipal monitoring station for the Xinwu single-sampling station, and the Xiangshan single-sampling station in Hunan city for Xiangshan district station for Xiangyang county station, in which the Xiangxi and Qingjiang substations have started project site selection. The company now has five blood-producing enterprises, the largest in the country, the largest in the country, and the largest in the number of blood-sampling stations.
The company currently owns 56 single plasma stations (including substations), of which 47 operate, and its network covers 13 provinces throughout the country. In the first half of 2018, the company extracted 738 tons of slurry, an increase of 13.89 per cent compared to the previous year; with the construction of the permanent haemorrhage project, the company ' s annual slurry capacity could reach 1,000 tons, with internal synergies, maximizing the scale effect and increasing the company ' s single-ton plasma profit rate.
The company is the country's first to market tetanus waivers, third-generation statnium producers, with frozen dry static human immune proteins, human immune proteins, tetanus special exemptions, hepatitis B special exemptions, rabies special exemptions, frozen dry phthalmic hepatitis B special and tissue ammonium immunoglobin seven production documents, which are the country's most numerous manufacturers with the most immune protein varieties. In addition, the mercurium produced using the latiolysis process has obtained clinical test batches and is in the process of being prepared for clinical trials.
"20180612 Terrestrial Organisms (600161), focused on blood products. The human immunodeficiency protein of the twin virus is in clinical trials during the ii period. Genetically reconstructed human coagulation factor viiii has been given a clinical trial batch, and these varieties are currently unworked in the country and have significantly improved their competitiveness in blood products. "
Risk factors: policy risks in the blood products industry; downside risks in product prices; less than expected progress in research and development of products; less than expected new slurry stations; industry event risks;
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
In 2012, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre (SPC) and was joined by Gong Qin, a Bachelor of Physics from Beijing Teacher Training University, a Ph.D. in theoretical physics from Beijing University, and the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017.
The pharmaceutical industry focuses on the company Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) with the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business. This report is produced and published by the CSRC. This report is a study of the exclusive nature of the clients who signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.