The world's giants of instruments are looking at Murray's overseas assault, the Méri Medical Care (300,760) and the country's absolute champion of medical equipment, building a strong competitive all-round.
Gradual improvement of the class and breakthrough of the core business of continuous support: life information and support: a comprehensive and integrated solution covering a wide range of clinical scenes in the hospital, leading the way in the development of a home-wide solution and the construction of a mental hospital; 2 in vitro diagnosis: increasing recognition of diagnostic equipment and reagents, key upstream and acquisition of raw materials
Controllable, high-performance, fully automated waterlines further improve the competitiveness of ivd-wide products; 3 medical images: meet the needs of diversified markets, fill gaps in high-end areas of national production, and accelerate the penetration of overseas markets. The overall national production rate of our medical and therapeutic equipment industry is still low, benefiting from new medical infrastructure, collections, industrial rehabilitation, etc.
In addition, the company recently acquired and received Hee-tae's medical holdings.
In the field of power, high-profile vascular areas, where the physiology of the heart is much more advanced, it is hoped to open up new growth areas through synergy and complementarities. The technological advances in the main areas of equipment are taking place on the human platform, and the global configuration of Murray is expected to go straight beyond the road.
The Department’s instruments such as guardianship, ultrasound, blood cells, chemical luminous immunity, etc., have developed over 30 to 40 years, with a growing market capacity and technological pathways, and with continuous research and development investment, Murray has been able to move from catching up to running straight to running, with high-end products approaching or exceeding existing foreign capital products.
After years of deep farming in overseas markets, Murray has become a provider of medical equipment and solutions in most parts of the world, with a relative depth of 300, and now has more than 50 subsidiaries in 40 countries/areas whose products are out of range.
Several countries/regions, and the creation of innovative platforms for research and development based on global resource allocation, have created a vast global network of research and development, marketing and services. Since 2024, Merrillian international business is expected to grow faster and move further towards a global leader in the instrument industry.
There's still a lot of room for Murray to grow over the world's giants. By recapturing the growth experience of international dragon companies like Medtrick, Yape, and others, it can be seen that their growth has been associated with technological innovation and strategic mergers and acquisitions, while at the same time building on the expansion of global distribution and channel networks, market strategies adapted to the local context, and the development of clear and rational business goals, knowledge.
It also plays an important role in understanding property rights protection mechanisms, building and strengthening brand power, localizing production, and services. Compared to the history of Murray’s growth and strategic thinking, it has a certain commonality with the global industry’s past development experience, and market rankings have steadily increased in recent years, and the gap with the global medical equipment industry has gradually narrowed.
In addition, in its announcement, the company stated that it had the capacity and confidence to be on the top 20 medical instruments list in 2025 and to launch it into the top 10 and even higher industries worldwide.
Middle 2023-08-31-Mirre Medical Report 2023: Real overall performance, robust growth and high-quality development Investment Recommendations: Murray is the leading medical equipment company with the highest product and sales power in the country, high-end
2023-04-29 MIR 2022 and the first quarter of 2023. Pluralization, diversification and globalization of development strategies have helped companies grow into global leaders in medical devices. Over the next 10 years: balanced growth of operations and accelerated penetration of high-end domestic and foreign customers
Intra- and overseas operations will be the main engine of corporate growth. We expect the company to return to its parent net profit in 2023-2025.
The Méri Medical Service was established in Shenzhen in 1991 as the leading provider of the country's most productive and marketable medical equipment, covering three main areas: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery, and providing a one-stop high-quality product and an integrated solution for the global medical community.
The company has now become the leading provider of medical devices and solutions worldwide, creating an innovative platform for research and development based on global resource allocation and forming a vast global network of research and development, marketing and services whose products have entered nearly 110,000 domestic medical institutions, covering 99 per cent of tri-a-hospitals, over 190 countries/areas with more than 50 subsidiaries abroad.
Figure 1: Overview of Medical Core Operations in Murray
Medical images ..life information monitoring and support: monitor, respirator, tremor diagnosis instrument: chemical light, blood cells, biochemistry, condensation.
Ultrasound diagnosis: full range of products and machines, anesthesia machines, operating beds, operating lights, chandeliers, injections, blood, urine, microbes, glucose haemoglobin, fluid cells, etc., with high-end coverage;
(b) Pumps, electrocardiograms, (or/icu) overall solutions, etc.;
• Reagent suites: 65 biochemical reagents such as liver function, kidney function, swollen microscopic surgery: 96 (21 to be marketed) chemical luminous reagents such as surgical cavity mirroring systems, cold light sources, abdominal gauges, first-degrees, etc.
Machines, optical endoscopic mirrors, ultrasound knives, energy platforms, microstart surgery pacs: use of daily medical images through various interfaces (simulations: hytest-uniclon antibodies, multiclonal antibodies, serum )
Microsurgery products such as instruments and surgical consumables /dicom/network) are digitally preserved and can be quickly retrieved for use; plasma, antigens.
Figure 2: Business income and growth in the Merry Core Medical Operations (billion yuan, 2014-2023h1) Figure 3: Meri Medical Services Overseas Regions and Growth (billion dollars, 2014-2023h1) (i) Three production lines were successfully broken and pillar industry barriers were built up
1. Life information and support: a complete and integrated solution, a strong market niche, and a strong life information and support product line, with multiple product lines remaining at the forefront of the industry. The company ' s life information and support product consists mainly of anesthesia machines, monitors, respirators, operating beds, surgical lights, hangar beds, injection pumps, etc., as of June 2023.
On 30th, the domestic market for products such as company monitors, respirators, defibrillators, anesthesia machines, injection pumps, lightbeds, etc., was ranked first, with surveillance, anaesthesia and respirators accounting for the top three shares of the global market.
Benevisionn series, which uses 5g smart custody and connects to Rigic, provides clinical support to medical staff through smart analysis, helps health-care workers to optimize their work flow and deepen their understanding of patients’ conditions. The company builds an epm series of products based on research and insight into clinical needs in critical rooms, labels capacitors and supports hand gestures, so that medical staff in different clinical settings do not have to operate a guardianship device, and combine them with the central station for sub-heavy conditions, which is always known.
In addition, the corporate guardianship system covers routine custody, house search/discussion supervision, wearing the guardianship system, transit custody system, telemetry system, central guardianship system, etc., to meet the needs of the institution and build 360 degrees of incompetence.
In addition, the main challenges to achieving the intellectual intelligence of the medical landscape include Wirtschaftsprüfer, Wirtschaftsprüfer, and Wisdom Management. In the case of Wisdom, Murray works hard to address data interconnections, information points on medical equipment, and uses his vast experience in the medical field and hundreds of mainstream equipment models to bring equipment together.
Data is being integrated into a universal process, building a platform for a network of hospital-level equipment and seamless interfaces of equipment and systems. At present, Murray has almost completed a comprehensive digitization solution for health-care institutions, with life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery as a tool, and an all-hospital rehabilitation programme based on the Inter-Torric Union ecosystem, the Riggy Laboratory, and Suh-yun++, further promoting the construction of intelligent hospitals and helping the medical industry move towards higher levels.
In recent years, Murray's medical treatment has accelerated the expansion of the interior application of its ecological system. Based on multi-product wiring layouts and leading advantages, such as custodians, anaesthesia machines, respirators, injection pumps, and so on, the IUPU solutions framework is constantly being refined.
The quality of the treatment services has resulted in six major solutions: severe illness, heart, general care, round-ups, emergency care. As of 30 June 2023, the company's “Rishge Union” ecosystem sign-off hospitals had a cumulative total of over 500, with more than 200 new ones for the entire year of 2022 and the first half of 2023.
The cumulative tender for custody equipment in November 2023 showed that the total winning value of Méri ' s medical care was 58.4%, well above that of Coman II by 9.4%, and that the top ten of the winning model were all Merrillian-flagged products. Other life information and support products showed excellent competition, such as respirators (32.8%), medical hangars (34%), and fluid pumps (52%), with the same market share.
Figure 9: Market share of guardianship equipment January-November 2023 Demand pull and structural optimization drive the profitability of life information and support operations. Until 2020, corporate life information and support operating income increased more steadily, with a new crown outbreak in 2020 leading to domestic and foreign demand for lifeline products such as guardianships and respirators
Since then, the growth in corporate life and information support business has been sustained by the steady expansion of new infrastructure and rapid breakthroughs by high-end clients abroad, despite the gradual easing of the epidemic. The Māori ratio of company life information and support operations has risen year after year from 2015 to 2017, mainly because of the continuing decline in unit costs of guardianship products.
On the other hand, the price of the type of materials needed to manufacture the guardianship device has been declining. Since the outbreak of 2020, downstream demand has driven up the company’s productive capacity, and the Māori rate of operations has been at an all-time high. After the epidemic’s effects have subsided, the company’s life information and support revenue structure is expected to continue to improve as the high-end client base accelerates its breakthroughs.
In vitro diagnosis: chemical luminous speed of release, industrial chain layout to improve integrated competitiveness ivd markets are wide, and Murray has a dominant position based on high performance products.
In the domestic vd market, where the highest share (about 38%) of immunization diagnostics is found, chemical light is highly heterogeneous and sensitive. It is widely used for multiple screenings and is the prevailing method of immunization diagnosis. In 2022, the domestic chemical light market was more than $30 billion, accounting for about 33% of the domestic ivd market. However, the country’s chemical light starts late, so the market is often dominated by foreign manufacturers.
The Murray chemical luminouscl series, which is constantly evolving, is well ahead of the performance of the leading foreign manufacturer's main product, and its latest generation, the cl-8000i fully automated chemical luminous immune analysis system, the use of vortex + ultrasound technologies, the automation of the entire testing process and the high level of intellectualization, allows operators to control the entire detection process in real time and significantly improve the efficiency of medical work, while ensuring accuracy.
The products of the company are mainly chemically luminous, blood thinner, biochemical analyser, condensed blood analyser, urine analyser, microbiological diagnostic system, glucose hemoglobin analyser, fluid cellometer, etc. Through autonomous research and development and integration innovations, the products of the company continue to be innovative: a fully automated weekly blood cell morphology analyser is based on the ai technology.
Significant upgrading of morphological testing capabilities and morphological analytical efficiency of the laboratory examiner; full-automatic blood cell analyser bc-7500 series addressing inflammation tests, standardization of end-of-life tests, automation difficulties to ensure accurate detection of abnormal cells; m1,000 full-automatic bio-chemical water flow to cover routine detection needs of the section at a maximum of 550 tubes/hours, and preservation of sample images to reduce medical disputes.
It is expected to contribute more than $1 billion to the company’s annual collection. Instruments such as cl-8800i, biochemical bs-2800m, cretins cx-9000, tla flow lines, etc., have also achieved industry’s leading loading performance.
The in vitro diagnostic reagent project is becoming more sophisticated, and the performance is catching up with the international leadership. The Méri chemical luminous technology platform is enzyme-responsive to light-emitting methods, with an amppd, with a more balanced advantage across the tests, and now the company has introduced tumor markers (20), thyroid works (3), osteoporosis (3), hormones (3), diabetes (2), hypertension (4+2*), liver fibrosis (4), Down syndrome.
Reagent projects (1+2*), growth hormones (2*), torch (10*) and through bottom-up innovations, the company has made some progress in recent years in the areas of myocardial signs, thyroid hormones, hypertension markers, and the introduction of performance leading reagent products. At the same time, the company has introduced several biochemical reagent packages in projects such as hepatochemicals, kidney functions, etc., which can satisfy most medical institutions.
As the company increases in reagent and raw material development and integrates with the international research and development team of excellence, the company ' s new reagent project is being accelerated with an improvement in product specificity, sensitivity and stability, and, according to the company ' s announcement, it is confident that the quality and performance of the international head ivd reagent product will be matched by, or even exceeded by, around 2025.
With interest rates of 60.35 per cent and VDA sales of 57,000 units, the epidemic has led to a slight slowdown in the frequency of conventional equipment plants, with sales of 15.449 million boxes, an increase of 15.86 per cent compared to the corresponding increase, and with the smooth progress of high-speed machine fittings and the gradual increase in reagent acceptance, the share of IDA revenues is expected to continue to rise, leading to an improvement in the Māori level of the plate.
Merger and purchase of high-quality offshore ivd companies to improve the supply chain and channel layout. Over time, some of the antigens, antibodies, quotations, etc. upstream of ivd have been heavily dependent on imports of core biomaterials, and there is a gap between the high-end materials produced autonomously in the country in terms of range, specificity, sensitivity, and the quality of the raw materials is directly related to the quality of the reagents involved, thereby affecting the accuracy of the diagnostic results.
In 2023, Murray completed the acquisition of Diasys to accelerate capacity-building in overseas localization production, warehousing, logistics, services, etc. to help achieve a full breakthrough in the future for large sample customers overseas, and to create a global internationalization of the company's offshore supply chain platform and in vitro diagnostic operations.
To meet the practical needs of a medical laboratory in terms of high intensity and strict quality, the company has introduced the “Mary Lab” laboratory solution, based on interconnectivity, which integrates equipment information in depth, around the five main elements of “person, machine, material, law, ring”, deep integration into the testing process, one-stop solution to complex management requirements and information in the medical laboratory.
The multi-faceted, inefficient and inefficient island-quality challenges of standardization and intelligentness, coupled with regional homogenization development programmes that help the region as a whole to build an integrated testing programme for “systems, platforms, standards” linked to third-party systems such as spd, lis, building open ecology, upgrading reagent material efficiency management and regional quality management, and strengthening the grass-roots, middle-level and thus promoting regional balance.
As of 30 June 2023, 230 hospitals nationwide (75% of level-III hospitals) have been installed, and the combination of the ISP and hardware has been of great value in driving the regional sales of equipment. The Mérijil solution consists of three main functions: “check-out”: the digital transformation of transport dimensions through optimal multi-level management, mainly from receiving and inspection banks, cold-storage management, refrigerators and refrigerators.
The full life cycle of executive management, covering instruments, reagents, calibration, operations, processes, environment, quality control, and smart screens that allow dynamic viewing of laboratory information.
“Swiss-free”: integration of interdisciplinary data into development, precision diagnostics, management of support tats through cross-institutional platforms.
Figure 26: Maps of the Murray Review of the Clouds: Figure 25: Maps of the Murray Review Solutions: Medical Images: Multiple Production Lines to meet Difference Needs, High-end Population Breaking Results
The company’s products include ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging systems and pacs, which provide hospitals, clinics, video centres with ultrasound diagnostic systems from the low end to the high end, as well as specially tailored solutions for different clinical professions such as radiology, maternity, media, emergency care, anaesthesia, heavy illness, liver fibres, etc.
The company provides a variety of digital imaging solutions for radiology, icu, and emergency services, including mobile, bi-pillar and suspension. In the face of different demands, the company provides differentiated products and solutions: 1 medium- and low-end demand: primary health-care institutions buy less expensive equipment, companies introduce portable ultrasound systems, such as z50, z60 and medium- and low-end images (e.g. dc-30), which are closer to meeting economically reliable primary health-care needs;2
Medium- and high-end demand: In the face of level II and selected level III hospitals, companies introduce high-intelligent and more stable medium- and high-end products (e.g. dc-40, dc-50) that can be adapted to complex and variable electrical use environments; 3 ultra-high-end demand: super-high-end markets such as 3A Hospital, which is based on zst+ field light platform technology and imaging technology that can make medical outcomes more effective by providing excellent imagery
In recent years, domestic firms have been breaking technical barriers, with Murray achieving zero breakthroughs in high-end obstetric and cardiovascular products. In the area of high-end gynaecology and obstetric ultrasound, the company published a series of female gynaecology products in 2020; and in the field of high-end cardiovascular hypersound, the company is researching the same.
The company’s second and third-billion dollar share of the country’s ultrasound income has increased year after year, and its high-end ultrasound is more than half as high as ever. As the leader of a 20-year-old national ultrasound facility with research and development experience, Murray’s medical service has a leading share in the country, with the country ranked first among the countries’ ultrasound diagnostic equipment in 2022, with a market share.
27.23%, well above the second mark (4.26%), the country ' s ultrasound exports have expanded and companies ' overseas markets have accelerated their penetration. As the domestic production of ultrasound products has escalated, enterprises represented by Murray have accelerated their penetration into overseas markets.
Export volumes grew at an annual composite rate of 23 per cent and exports at an annual compound rate of 8.3 per cent, benefiting from the sustained recovery of the International Small and Medium Image Centre, and the steady release of medium- and low-end ultrasound procurement needs, accompanied by new products such as the full, medium- and high-end desktop I series and multi-higher Poc ultrasounds. Murray’s break-through from low- and medium-end customers to high-end customers in overseas markets is expected to continue, with high growth in overseas video operations.
Figure 29: Multi-dimensional innovation in medical high-end image products continues to improve the competitiveness of medical image products. 1 Bottom technology: companies create many innovations at the basic technological level and achieve abruptly disruptive results, such as breaking through a number of technologically difficult wireless probes, such as acoustic boosters, multilayered beam synthesis and data-enhanced transmission.
The ability to receive and convert images more efficiently to provide a professional diagnostic level is now available in ultrasound on wireless palms, in addition to multi-spectral audio imaging technology, scanning of new technologies such as the one-poc ultrasound solution, the ifi image feature index, which continues to incline the force of the new technologies;2 Integration innovation: continuous roll-out and refinement of integration solutions, such as those based on high-end ultrasound m11 and a new generation of optical abdominal mirrors ux5
Ultrasound endoscopic microscopic confluence solution, displaying with ultrasound and optical endoscopic images, and controlling ultrasonic images with aperture mirror device can significantly enhance the operational efficiency and clinical experience of the artist's technique; 3 “Swilight Clouds” video cloud service platform: the company's “Sween Cloud Plus” ecosystem, which provides for the autonomous creation and operation of users through a cloud-based ecological application platform that connects Murray's image equipment and users
Cloud communities and various cloud-side applications, combined with new technology applications such as artificial intelligence, equipment networking, 5g and cloud computing, complete continuous iterative and application landscape breakthroughs, provide a full-scale viewing solution and ecological products that meet the needs of different users, such as full-scale video equipment management, teleconferencing of medical associations/linkages of medical institutions, standardized image scanning and quality control, cross-sectional ultrasound applications across the courtyard, distance-training teaching, etc.
On 30 June, the “Swiss Shadowing ++” project covered 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, with a cumulative increase of over 7,000 installed units, 2023h1 additional units, over 1,900 units and continuous acceleration.
Ultrasound procurement has gradually recovered, and domestic sales have risen. Hospital routine consultations have declined significantly since 2020 as a result of the new coronal epidemic, which has slowed down the growth of company medical imagery operations. As the outbreak policy changes, the demand for previously suppressed ultrasound purchases has been released, it is expected to boost the rapid growth of medical imagery operations since 2022.
(ii) Policy advances to accelerate national production substitution, and Murray is expected to benefit fully 1) The national production rate of medical equipment is still low and the pattern of high-end areas is clear Historical factors have contributed to the overall low domestic production rate of medical equipment.
In addition, branding is also a factor in the introduction of equipment in hospitals, as well as the fact that more than 100-year-old international medical enterprises, with not only monopoly technology but also continuing to upgrade and optimize the performance and quality of their products.
Policies have led to the release of demand for high-end equipment to encourage the development of innovative medical products. In recent years, policies have been introduced to encourage and guide the development of innovative medical devices, and domestic firms with high-end and innovative stockpiles of medical devices have opened up opportunities.
The publication of the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of the Medical Equipment Industry clearly states that, by 2025, there will be a marked improvement in the infrastructure of the medical equipment industry, in the performance and quality of high-end medical equipment products; and the State Council ' s Quality Development Action Plan (2023-2025) for the Medical Equipment Industry proposes full-chain support for pharmaceutical enterprises to encourage and guide the development of leading enterprises.
In 2022, the number of products approved for innovative medical devices in the country rose from 19 in 2019 to 55, and on 13 September, the Beijing City Health Insurance Board issued a circular (on a trial basis) on the management of new technologies for the issuance of new drugs for chs-drag, which combines innovative, clinical benefits with innovative drugs and diagnostic products that have a greater impact on the payment criteria for the Drg group, independently of the drig payment model.
Figure 39: Number and percentage of new technology enterprises with high-tech medical equipment in the country (from 2018 to 2022) 2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
According to the National Health Commission, our health costs in 2022 were $848 trillion, or 7.0 per cent of the gdp, while health costs in the United States were 16.63 per cent of the gdp over the same period, and in Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom and other major countries almost 10 per cent more than in the last few years, and our health costs are still at a lower level than in the world. Moreover, the structure of our health-care services in the new coronal disease prevention and control process is still in place.
According to data published by the National Health Board, the number of hospitals in the country has been increasing. In particular, in 2021, the number of tri-a hospitals was 3,275, an increase of 9.31 per cent over the previous year. It is expected that by the end of 2023, the number of level-III hospitals will be higher. The country's health infrastructure has been continuously replenished in recent years, but there is still much room for improvement in resource density, regional distribution and overall levels.
The number of beds in human health institutions is 6.92 (6.25 vs. city 7.66), and the number of doctors per 1,000 population is 3.15. Although the rate of improvement has been relatively rapid in recent years, there is still a certain gap in the more developed countries, such as Japan, Korea and Germany, where the number of beds per 1,000 population is 13.05, 12.27, 8.00, Germany, Italy and Spain, respectively. The number of doctors per 1,000 population is 4.30, 4.00, 3.90. In 2022, the number of beds per 1,000 population is 4.32.
It is significantly lower than Japan (13.05), Korea (12.27), the European Union (5.41). Moreover, bed density is below average in most provinces of the country, such as Guangdong (4.81) and Tianjin (5.03). The scarcity of icu resources highlights. In 2020, the average number of beds per 10,000 people with serious illness was 4.5, compared to Germany (33.9 in 2017), the United States.
At the same time, the distribution of icu resources is uneven, and the number of beds in the provincial districts of Jilin and Tibet is significantly below the national average. A number of policies have contributed to the construction of new infrastructure for health care.
1 To promote quality development in public hospitals. The 14th Five-Year Programme for the Implementation of the Quality and Efficient Health Care System, which was launched in July 2021 by the Governing Board and four other departments, provides for four main categories of work: public health preventive and curative capacity-building, quality development in public hospitals, short-board repair of health services for priority population groups, and innovation projects to promote the transmission of Chinese medicine.
General model of expansion of hospitals: 2 Strengthening primary health care. The Integrated Capacity Enhancement Programme for District Hospitals “Kill District Works” (2021-2025), issued by the Office of the National Health Board in October 2021, clearly states that by 2025, at least 1,000 district hospitals nationwide will have reached level III hospital care.
(b) The construction of smart hospitals. In July 2023, the National Board of Health and Hygiene issued a joint report entitled “Strengths for the second half of 2023 for the deepening of the reform of the medical health system, with emphasis on the promotion of “5g+medical health”, “medical artificial intelligence”, “block chains plus health”;
4. Modernizing medical equipment. The 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of the Medical Equipment Industry, jointly issued by the Ministry of Industry and Informatics, and the Plan of Action for the Development of Quality in the Medical Equipment Industry (2023-2025), which was considered by the State Council, not only delineate the seven areas in which medical equipment is to be developed, including the areas of guardianship and life support equipment, diagnostic testing equipment, but also propose to speed up the replenishment of our high-end medical equipment.
The number of beds is one of the main indicators for the establishment of health-care institutions by 2025. The number of beds is 7.4-7.5.
In 2022, the average number of beds per 1,000 population was 6.92. According to the national average, there were 67.6 - 817,000 beds in 2022. In 2022, the number of beds per 1,000 population was higher than 7.4 in 2022, for only 10 provinces, including Heilongjiang, Hunan, Sichuan, Guizhou and others, according to 2025.
On 25 December of the year, the number of seriously ill medical beds in the country was 167,000 with blood dialysis units, continuous blood purification, 10,000 units, 1.9 million guardianship units, 58,000 high-flow oxygen units. According to the National Health Board ' s Integrated icu Equipment Configuration Reference Standard, which provides for icu.
The equipment of the wards will need to include basic equipment, respiratory equipment, other treatment equipment, surveillance equipment, rescue equipment, trans-shipment equipment, sterilization equipment, etc., one icu bed construction cost between 400,000 and 1 million, at a median cost of 700,000, and, as of 2023, approximately 580,238 billion yuan in the market space for our icu bed gap, in accordance with the 2025 target.
On the one hand, there is still a gap between our medical resources and infrastructure levels in developed overseas countries, regional development remains uneven, and the construction of large tri-A hospitals in first-line cities is overburdened with heating clinics, intensive wards, etc., and on the other hand, stock facilities have a fixed useful life and long-term replacement needs, 13 March 2024.
The State Council issued a plan of action to promote large-scale equipment upgrading and the replacement of consumer goods with old ones, referring to an increase of more than 25 per cent in 2027 in equipment investments, including in the medical field, compared with 2023, the strengthening of a system of high-quality and efficient health-care services, the promotion of the equipment of health-care institutions and the replacement of telecommunications facilities at the provincial level, and the encouragement of medical institutions in a position to do so to speed up medical equipment such as medical imagery, radiotherapy, teletherapy, surgical robots, etc.
(c) In March 2023, the National Health Insurance Institute published the National Health Insurance Institute's National Health Insurance Institute.
The circular of the Office of the Medical Security Authority on the management of centralized medical purchases and prices for 2023 shows that the inter-provincial union is the main method of gathering locally, with provincial collections being “filled” and “filled” only. By the end of 2023, a cumulative total of 29 inter-provincial union purchases had been made, with an average of 10.5 participations in inter-provincial union collections in all provinces of the country.
By 2025, the number of drug varieties procured by provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government) increased from 112 in 2020 to more than 500. By the end of 2023, the average number of samples collected by provincial associations was 351.
Jiangxi led the joint Hepato-Chemical Alliance (HCB) in 23 provinces: On October 10, 2022, the Jiangxi Health Board issued the PFRC document on the central procurement of 26 groups of biochemical diagnostic reagents, which is expected to represent 20% of the market. The top 60% of the reduction or the declared price is not above the valid declared price of 0.6 times (group a) was not selected.
From the results of the Western Health Insurance Institute ' s release of the results of the selection of the Inter-Provincial Union of Hepatic, Biological and Chemical Tests for centralized procurement, the selection rate for enterprises was about 60%, with an average decrease of about 60% compared to the maximum price. This collection was the first large-scale procurement in the ivd sector, with a relatively moderate overall reduction, and was a guide to the subsequent ivd collection policy rules.
Collection of chemical luminous/condensed blood/heart infarction reagents in Anhui Province: In August 2021, Anhui Province published chemical luminous collection documents covering 23 reagents projects such as thyroid glands, oncology signs, infectious diseases, heart muscle markers, etc., with an average reduction of about 47.02 per cent, foreign vendors Rhodes, Beckman drop out of bid and an increase in the share of national producers; and on 13 January 2023, the Anhui Medical Insurance Department completed a collection of condensed blood, heart infarction clinical tests.
Medium-band procurement, with a combined average reduction of 40.16 per cent. Jiangxi led the 24-provincial Alliance for the collection of kidneys and myocardial enzyme biochemical reagents: on 20 July 2023, the Jiangxi Provincial Health Insurance Service issued an announcement on the selection of a variety of biochemical test agents for kidneys and heart enzyme biochemicals, and initially selected 16 biochemical agents for kidney function and 13 biochemistry agents for a total of 29 items
On September 5, 2023, the Jiangxi Health Insurance Board published a list of renal and myocardial enzyme biochemical reagents for participation in business and product information. Angé led the collection of 25 provincial chemical luminous reagents: the collection of procurement varieties includes chemical luminous hcgs, sex hormones six, infectious diseases eight (+ enzymes immunisation), sugar metabolites.
Groupa), the group menu is not all in group c. From the selection rule, the top 60% of validly declared enterprises are selected according to the highest effective price reduction order, with priority given to the top 60% distribution, and the unselected full (50% reduction) can be added to the unselected enterprises without participation in the distribution. The winning price must not be higher than the previous collection price, but the actual supply price may then include the cost of services such as auxiliary reagents and distribution.
The results of the opening of the tender on 20 December 2023 showed that more than 130 business representatives participated in the price declaration, with an average reduction of 53.9% in the price offer, with an average reduction of 50.0%-65.2% in the eight cases involving the largest share of communicable diseases, and an average decrease of 54.1% in the first group of companies such as Empres, Rhodes, Murray, Anto and New Industries.
According to the Murray Medical Corporation, the company achieved an increase of more than 85% in its chemical lighting operations in Anhui province in 2021, an increase of more than $100 million in reagent revenues and a successful breakthrough in the three-level medical facility, 35 of which saw a first jump to 20% + to become the number one market for the Anhui market in September 2021; and the Nanjing Medical Insurance Authority led the entire body of medical supplies.
After the procurement negotiations, company equipment and water lines were fully integrated into the 29 top hospitals in Nanjing, 60 per cent of which were installed by blank clients, the Nanjing in vitro diagnostics, which doubled operations and generated more than $12 million in reagent revenue, and the opening of the collection in Ningde and Namping City, Fujian Province, in July 2022, where Ning De Quinter is expected to result in an annual reagent increment of more than $15 million, while Nanping is expected to break through 12 high-end hospitals in the region.
Over $12 million. 4) Industry cleans up the market environment, product and brand values are becoming more visible, multi-sectoral and intensive, and high-pressure anti-corruption signals are available. To combat the grey areas of drugs, medical equipment, hospitals, and hospitals.
In May 2023, 14 departments, such as the National Commission for Health and Welfare, issued the Elements for Redressing Misdemeanours in Medical Purchases and Medical Services in 2023, which clearly set out to correct irregularities in medical procurement and medical services at the national level; and in July 2023, nine departments, such as the National Commission for Health and Welfare, deployed a one-year national campaign to combat corruption in medicine with a “zero tolerance” approach.
Corruption; In January 2024, the National Conference on Health Care Security was held in Kyoto, with an emphasis on strengthening the state of surveillance. The anti-corruption effort focused on three “all” — the whole area, the whole chain, full coverage, cleaning up the sources of corruption and making the health sector “cleaner.” The regulatory framework for compliance, the value of which is further highlighted by the Meri brand.
Firms that manage strict compliance with distributors are expected to have more opportunities to compete fairly with their products. Murray Health has established an effective regulatory framework for business ethics and compliance worldwide, and a compliance committee as a deliberative and policy-making body for business ethics and compliance management.
In the long run, tackling corruption in the medical sector is a necessary way to clean up the business environment and stimulate the innovation of productive enterprises. In the future, industry concentration will continue to increase, and the advantages of corporate branding and product power will be further highlighted. (iii) Multi-dimensional development strategy will be deep, with long-term growth robust.
Micro-inventive Surgery: The solution continues to be rich, with the promise of a multi-temporal upgrade. The company has a stock of products in the field of micro-inventive Surgery at an early stage. Micro-inventive Surgery refers to surgery through micro-traumas, the use of special tools and techniques to treat pathologies, malformations or traumas, which are significantly smaller than traditional surgery.
With hard mirrors as a core cut-off point, it gradually spreads to products such as energy platforms, abdominal surgical devices, one-time surgical devices, etc. With rigid mirrors at its core, innovative integration solutions are available. In 2017, the company developed and produced 1080 p fully high-altitude cynos abdominal cosmoids, marking the formal entry into autonomous R & D production phase of microsurgery operations by the company; in 2020, the company launched hypixelu1, which further upgraded the quality to 4k;
The 4k fluorescence product, Hypixelr1, released in 2021, allows for a one-key switch of multiple imaging patterns; and in 2023, the company released a new generation of hardware mirror products, hypixelux5, using a new generation of coding techniques, to provide doctors with 3D video records. In addition, based on a new generation of optical abdominal mirrors, hypixelux, 5 high end-of-end ultrasoundm11, innovatively introduced ultrasound intrasophistical microscopic integration solutions, ultrasonic imaging and optical intrascopic viewing.
As a result of integration with the screen and control of ultrasound images through casket equipment, there has been a significant increase in the operational efficiency and clinical experience of the technique. Micro-surgery penetration is increasing, and the market prospects are wide. Given the significant operational advantages of micro-surgery, global interest and recognition have continued to rise.
The penetration rate is more than 50%. According to Frost Sullivan, the market for microsurgery instruments and accessories was 31.7 billion yuan in 2023, and the penetration rate and market size of microsurgery is expected to increase further. 2) Animal medicine: the shift in consumption has increased and hundreds of millions of market sequences have opened.
The stock of pets has been rising year by year, and changes in attitudes have contributed to rising single pet consumption. There has been a steady increase in domestic pet rates and pet stocks, driven by rising consumption levels, changes in the demographic structure of the population, changes in the concept of petage, accelerated urbanization and the rise of social media. According to data from the White Paper on the Chinese pet industry 2023-2024, the number of domestic pet dogs and cats was 51.5 million in 2023, respectively.
On the other hand, “humanization” of pets and products, high-end products and high-end supplies have contributed to a significant upward trend in single pets. According to Frost Sullivan, domestic annual consumption in 2022 was already over $1,600, an increase of 13% over the same period, and there is still room for a significant increase compared with US annual consumption of $769 over the same period.
The market for pets has grown rapidly, and the market for pets has grown rapidly. According to the big data platform for pets, China's White Leather Industry 2022, the domestic market for pets is expected to be close to 300 billion yuan in 2023. With the prevalence of refined pets and healthy pets, the market share of pets has grown significantly, from 19% of the market in 2019 to 29.1% in 2022, and the market share of pets is expected to be in 2023.
On the one hand, companies can convert existing human products into animal medical devices in accordance with veterinary standards and clinical needs; on the other hand, they have formed an independent animal medical device.
In June 2023, the Henzhen City Development Commission issued a public announcement on the selection process for a priority industry project for the production of animal-medical high-end instruments, which was selected as the intended location for the animal-medical high-end instrumentation base project.
With the same equipment, the company has not only medium- and low-end products but also high-end products in animal medicine, of which the products vetus9, bc-60rvet, watoex-65provet, among others, are specialized high-end animal products.
3) Aged: Policies to promote market expansion, biding to accelerate the release of domestic production, and policies to boost the penetration rate of the Aged. According to the China Heart Break and Cardiopulmonary Recovery Report (2022 edition), produced by sectoral expert organizations such as the National Health Council and the China Center for Disease Control, the overall incidence of heart arrest is 97.1 per 100,000, compared to 10 years ago.
According to the Chinese Medical Association ' s Emergency Medical Branch, China ' s Aed Distribution and Launch Expert Consensus, in 2020, the United States and Japan had an average of 700 and 276 units per 100,000 people, indicating that there was a large space for the distribution of the aed per capita.
In 2019, the Executive Office of the State Council launched the Healthy China Initiative (2019-2030), which announced the deployment of personnel-intensive places such as schools, institutions, enterprises and airports, bus stations, port passenger stations, large malls, etc.; and in 2021, the National Health Care Board developed the Guidance for the Allocation of Automatic Anti-Scoff Devices in Public Places (on a trial basis).
In 2023, 14 departments, such as the National Health Council, jointly developed the Program for the Implementation of Healthy China Action - Cardiovascular Disease Control and Prevention (2023-2030), which refers to the strengthening of equipment for emergency facilities such as aed automatic defibrillators in public places, and the enhancement of the inspection of equipment equipped for emergency care to ensure that emergency situations are accessible. In addition, many local governments have launched the "Aed Configuration Programme " .
Aed. Aed markets have been expanded and companies have been able to sell their products successfully.
After that, Murray developed a two-phase wave of independent intellectual property rights in the country, breaking through the technical barriers of foreign products and achieving technological and product-level innovation. In 2021, affected by the country’s new medical infrastructure, the recovery of conventional procurement, the aed operation achieved a high rate of growth, with more than 110,000 defibrillators sold annually, an increase of 93% compared to the 2022 company defibrillator sales, despite a larger base in 2021.
According to the Chinese Government’s Procurement Network, in 2022, the Wuhan City Health Council issued a public tender announcement from the Wuhan City Health Council on the automatic tremors (aed) project, with a total budget of 64 million one-time purchases of 4,000 aeds and a single-house mark for Murray’s medical care.
The national product, Aed, accounted for most of the market share, with Méri ' s medical service accounting for 58.1 per cent of the total and 62.7 per cent of the total as the first market share; Méri ' s medical Beneheartc2 was ranked first in the sub-type, with the winning number as 28.8 per cent and the winning figure as 25.2 per cent.
4) Acquisition of Hye-Tai medical care, formal entry into the cardiovascular sector, acquisition and acquisition of Hee-Tai medical holdings, high profile human blood-vascular areas. On 28 January 2024, Murray Medical issued an announcement to purchase 14.12 million shares (21.12% of Hee-Te-Te medical capital) of Hee-Te medical care at a price of $471.12 per share, through the firm ' s deep control.
He is one of the leading companies in the country in cardiovascular-related areas, such as electrophysiology, with the country’s leading technological reserves, raw materials development, supply chain systems, and advanced production processes. When this acquisition is completed, Murray will be able to quickly cut into cardiovascular lanes, and refill medical equipment.
Cardiovascular devices are the key track in the medical appliances industry, with many overseas head manufacturers focusing on layout and contributing higher performance earnings. Edward, Boston Science, Yap, Medley, and Johnson, the world-wide head medical manufacturers, earned 85%, 62%, 38%, 37%, and 21% of the total business income in 2023, and the increase in cardiovascular operations was higher than the overall business income of the company.
Medelli: In 2023, cardiovascular operations generated income of $11.57 billion, an increase of 1.3 per cent over the same period (Vs. corporate total - 1.4 per cent), consisting mainly of three operations: heart and heart disease, structural heart disease and aorta, coronary and perivascular, which in 2023 accounted for 50.4 per cent, 29.1 per cent, 20.5 per cent, respectively.
icd (for the treatment of heart disorder, certified by cce and fda), affera (rf/pfa as one, certified by cce), pulseselect (pfa for the treatment of house tremors), micraav2/vr2 (wireless pacemaker, approved by fda, e); 2 structural heart disease and aorta: mainly consisting of second-line petal replacement, second-line petal repair, third-line petal replacement products, in the process
The new products include, among others, the volututtavr; three coronary and outer vascular veins: symplicity sympulal (the treatment of hypertension, approved rdn of fda). Abbé: in 2023, cardiovascular operations generated revenues of $10.24 billion, an increase of 10.3 per cent (vs. corporate total - 14.1 per cent).
These include, among other things, the five operations of heart control, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart disease, which in 2023 were divided into the two-clane tubes, with one heart control: aveirdr (two cavity unguided pacemaker, approved fda); and 2 structural heart disease: navitor (conductor aorta petal system, approved fda), epicmax (reflexion/narrow treatment of the aorta)
Approved fda), triclip (three-frontal reflux, fda approved); 3 electrophysiology: tactiflex digestive catheter (therapeutic room tremors, approved by cce and fda), voltpfa (under study).
The therapeutics market is ranked second (after the in vitro diagnosis) and maintains high growth rates. After more than 30 years of operation, the electrocardial physiology of the heart has been developed, safety and effectiveness have been fully proven in clinical terms and promoted on a wide scale, different from the more adverse effects of drug treatment and its limitations, the high incidence of trauma/complications/complications of surgery, and the complexity of surgery, the way in which the catheteration is treated has become less frequent, less complicated, more safe and more therapeuticly effective.
After good results and short post-operative recovery periods, the main adaptive conditions include precipitous syndromes, home-turning-type heart excesses, house-pumps, room speeds, early paces, room speeds, house tremors, etc., with a higher success rate of treatment for rapid heart disorder through micro-start therapy. In 2021, the number of tremors in China reached 2,025,000, and is expected to increase to 2,266.3 million in 2025; in 2021, the number of patients in China's upper room reached 3,335,700.
Humans, expected to increase to 3,551.1 million in 2025; the number of patients with intra-chamber hysteria has reached 24.23 million in 2021, and is expected to increase to 2,749.3 million in 2025. Currently, China has an electric physiotherapy rate of approximately 128.5 per million people, a significant difference from the United States of America, of 1,302.3 units. The market for electrocardial physiology devices has greater potential. According to Frost Sullivan, in 2021, the number of cytological physiotherapy operations in China reached 21.4 million.
For example, in 2025, it is expected to reach 57,460,000 cases, and in 2021-2025 the cagr is 28.00%. As new technologies for decomposition, such as pfa, are emerging in clinical terms, 16.06%. On market scale, China ' s market for electro-physiology devices was 65.80 in 2021, and cagr 2017-2021 was the current dominant mode of decomposition, including radio frequency decomposition, cold decomposition, pfa pulsation field decomposition.
Doctors are most experienced in the current mainstream approach, which increases the rate of home tremor treatment and significantly improves the quality of life of patients, but the success rate is relatively low, with a certain risk of relapse and complications; 2 cold dissipation: more clinical data are accumulated, usually recommended as an insensitive, recurrent and symptomatic array of tactile i. The operation is relatively simple and reduces the risk of haemorrhage formation, narrow pulmonary veins, edema fistula; 3pfa pulses.
Electricity field dissipation: Clinical test data are not fully accumulated, but are considered to be a new generation of technology for the future because of their organizational selectivity, their efficiency and safety, and their ease of operation. Figure 63: China ' s physiology of heart electrolytics and splitting of adaptive disorders (in thousands of cases, 2017-2032e)
Synergy complements the advantages of complementarities, leading to a steady movement of instruments. Hye-tae is the head of the country’s cardiovascular sector, with a certain technological reserve in the fields of cardio-electrics, coronary circuits, and external vascular servicemen, and with a better reputation in the country. The Méri-based medical acquisition is expected to bring its platform-based R & D system to a new level of high-end production, such as a three-dimensional system of metrology, radio frequency decomposition.
The future of mature overseas marketing, production and service capabilities is also expected to help Xetai’s medical products to sail smoothly, to gain billions of dollars in the wider international market, to increase significantly, to achieve a firm’s long-term development potential based on the higher potential of the cardiovascular industry, especially the electrophysiology, and to achieve a firm’s expected business objectives, and to reduce the long-term risk of a company’s long-term goodwill impairment. We believe that the risk of a reduction in the value of the goodwill of mergers and acquisitions remains low and that it is not expected that the company’s future wealth will be lost.
Importers account for a high share, and domestic production is expected to continue to rise. Because of the late start in the domestic electricity and physiology sector, the market is now dominated by foreign brands such as Johnson, Abe, and Medelli, with Johnson and Johnson occupying more than 50% of the Chinese market in 2020, Johnson, Madonli, and Yape.
Businesses together account for more than 85% of the market share. As national producers, who are well-tailored and technologically mature, build on technological innovation to enhance competitive production, add up policies that encourage domestic substitution, the market share of domestically produced physiology products has grown rapidly, and in 2022, the home share of the three major producers, Yapei and Medunley combined, declined to less than 65%.
Figure 66: China ' s market patterns in the cardio-electric physiology industry (2020) Figure 67: China ' s market patterns in the cardio-electric physiology industry (2022)
From an industry perspective, there is ample room for growth in the electric physiology industry, which contributes to a higher share of national production. The development of the electric physiology industry is still at an early stage, and the industry is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate as the technology for decomposition matures and the penetration rate rises. In 2022, Fujian led an average reduction of 49.35% in the collection of electric physiology in 27 provinces, which did not touch the prices of national producers, due to the hetero-diagnostic catheters, as well as star consultations.
From an enterprise’s point of view, the competitive elements of national producers are becoming more complete, and the process of approval of innovative products is progressing well.
The technology consists mainly of a three-dimensional system of measurements, pressure-sense radio frequency technology, pulsating power field decomposition, etc., which has now been completed by domestic manufacturers through many years of technological research and development to complete high-end functions, such as a three-dimensional system of metrology, and to continuously reduce the gap between consumer products and head capital, the combined product is expected to be progressively more powerful than a top-notch vendor overseas. In terms of progress in the approval of innovative products, the high-pressure pulsation system and the cyclic pulverization catheter were completed in February 2023.
In November 2023, Fda was approved for listing and entered the Nmpa Green Pass; in 2021, Farapulse of Boston Science was approved for listing; and in 2023, real world surgical applications were launched in Hainan Bojing.
II. Globalized marketing network, Murray Swords to the global front of instrumentation (i) Disparities in medical standards in overseas areas and wide variations in demand in the equipment market 1) United States: The largest worldwide market for medical devices, with high demand for high-quality innovative products
Compared to the rest of the world, the American population has shown high levels of obesity, growing ageing, and rejuvenation of cancer in recent years, with a higher demand for diagnosis and treatment of diseases. According to the Jama Journal of Science, the proportion of normal-weight people in the United States is less than one-third, the rest are overweight or obese, and many associated slownesses are prevalent in the United States, such as heart disease, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, certain cancers, sleep-breeding suspensions and bone joints.
Diseases, etc.; demographically, the post-World War II “baby boom” (born 1946-1964) generation is gradually ageing and the proportion of the population aged 65 is rising, with a high incidence of tumours, cardiovascular, autoimmune, ophthalmological and dental-related diseases among the population; moreover, the high incidence of tobacco, alcoholism, over-interpersonal lifestyles and high fat, sugar, low fibre diets in the United States has led to a relative increase in the probability of cancer among the younger generation.
Advances in detection techniques, such as early screening, have also led to an increase in oncological diagnosis and treatment penetration. By type of disease, the highest number of deaths per year in the United States are, in turn, cardiovascular diseases, cancers, accidental injuries, pawns, chronic lower respiratory diseases, Alzheimer’s disease, and so forth.
The United States is the world’s largest market for medical devices, accounting for about 40 per cent of the world’s share, and in 2022 it was over $140 billion, characterized by innovation, drive, policy support, and high concentration.1 Innovation driven: America’s leading medical manufacturers are highly innovative, with a large number of top research and development institutions representing companies such as Madonli, Johnson, Yap, Denah, ge, Boston Science, etc.; 2 policy support: America’s medical appliances industry.
The industry has a rigorous regulatory system and efficient approval process, while policies provide ample access to finance and create incentives for innovation; 3 are highly concentrated: the top 10 companies account for about 39% of the market share in the United States.
(vs. China 14.90%) The proportion of people over 65 years of age in the United States in 2022 is 17.13%; the proportion of “new seniors” educated is high, and access to information is diverse and there is a greater concern for the quality and safety of health services.
Medical efficiency and access to health care require significant improvements. 2 front-line technological innovations are rapidly changing: new areas such as genetic testing, precision medicine, etc., are rapidly developing, driving the growth of individualized health markets; cross-border technological integration is constantly being achieved, such as digitalization and intelligence integration at the product design level, 3d hits, accelerated equipment development and production cycles. 3 Health policy directions: United States medical policy orientation is focused on expanding coverage, controlling, etc.
Medical costs (especially drugs), encouraging medical innovation, preventing public health diseases, such as the then President Barack Obama ' s Parity Medical Act passed in Congress, which provided additional insurance options, and the Biden Inflation Reduction Act, which proposed drug price negotiations and limited increases. 4 Payment end reforms: changes in payment standards and coverage for medicare and medicaid, drig and ntap (new technologies plus payments) encouraged cost-effectiveness in use.
In general, downstream U.S. user devices tend to be more technologically innovative, cost-effective, more efficient and medically efficient, covered by health insurance, and domestic/portfolio wear.
Overseas medical equipment manufacturers often play a key role in the distribution chain, with distribution companies, gpo, hmo, and so on. Because the US market for medical equipment is highly competitive and has a mature distribution network, most manufacturers usually rely on the geographical advantages of distributors and customer relationships, the network expands their markets, and some large global equipment manufacturers direct to the end by setting up local marketing and marketing teams.
In the U.S. equipment distribution network, mobile companies, group purchasing organizations (gpo) and health maintenance organizations (hmo) play an important role, in which they are primarily responsible for distribution and supply chain management of medical equipment products, helping suppliers deliver the products to health services and providing related services; and gpo as an organization where medical and other medical institutions jointly reduce the cost of procurement.
A group of people can directly negotiate more favourable price terms with medical equipment companies; hmo is sometimes a member of gpo, which provides comprehensive medical care to patients, and the manufacturers tend to cooperate with them on a long-term basis, thereby affecting the preferred use of instruments by the attending physician. The U.S. register of appliances is rigorous, and clinical use costs are higher.
(k), pma, denovo, Breakthrough Devices, etc. Reviews. Medical equipment supervision is primarily the responsibility of cdrh under fda (the Centre for Devices and Radiation Health). Its function is to develop, publish and implement standards of standards and quality systems for medical devices, review and evaluate applications (pma) and pre-market notification 510 (k), etc.
Post-business sales can be made on the United States market.Figure 72: US medical equipment classification and based on i (e.g. medical gloves, thermometers, etc.):
Risk is lowest, at about 47 per cent, and when the company submits information to the fda, the fda only makes a public announcement and does not issue the relevant documents to the enterprise.ii (e.g., electrocardiograms, blood transfusion devices, etc.): there is a risk of about 46 per cent, and failure or problems can cause different degrees of harm to the human body or user, but it is not serious, no.
Category iii (e.g., cardiologists, intrauterine devices, baby incubators, etc.): persons at higher risk, about 7 per cent, more likely to be at risk to patients for the purpose of maintaining, supporting or implanting devices in humans, and likely to cause injury or illness.
Figure 73: Major review processes for medical appliances in the United States: Review exemptions: Most i-type devices and a few low-risk ii devices. Pre-market notification - 510 (k): Most ii- and a small number of medium-risk I products. The review is intended to demonstrate that they are marketed.
Similar devices sold in the law are listed as “substantially equivalent” (substantially equivalent) in terms of safety and effectiveness, usually after 90 days of review, and generally do not require the submission of clinical data. Pre-market approval -pma: applies to devices of the iii class. Manufacturers are required to provide sufficient scientific evidence to demonstrate their safety and validity.
It usually takes longer (or more than a year) to complete it, fda will check the manufacturer's quality system on site and may require clinical test data. Denovo: Application process for classification of special medical devices, allowing medical equipment developers to request fda to classify medical devices that have not yet been classified
For the category “low-to-medium-risk”, the review period is usually 120 days for new or innovative medical devices.
A significant advantage/accessibility of existing products is in the best interests of patients) and aims to speed up development, assessment, and review, with manufacturers communicating with fda experts in a variety of ways in a timely and effective manner, and enjoying priority scrutiny. Moreover, due to factors such as geopolitics, China’s equipment has suffered in the United States mainly as a result of:
Products are cost- and price-competitive in the United States; regulatory cooperation is reduced, e.g. fda ' s cooperation with Nmpa is blocked, new products are approved; 3 technical details are detailed and disclosure requirements are fully disclosed to influence applications for registration of innovative business products;4 global supply chain cooperation is either affected by geopolitics. 2) South-East Asia is also a non-United States manufacturer ' s product 2): supply of local products and services is difficult to meet growing medical needs
The health situation varies from country to country in South-East Asia, but the overall shortage of medical resources and dependence on imported medical products, despite the established trend in population ageing, still have a very large number of young people, with infectious diseases and epidemics spreading as a result, inter alia, of the climate. Moreover, the rise in private medical and medical tourism in South-East Asia in recent years has introduced a certain surge in demand.
A large number of young people: Indonesia, the Philippines, Viet Nam, with 20 per cent, 23 per cent and 16 per cent of the population aged 13-24, respectively, make the needs associated with sex/life, sports and health, beauty plastics, occupational diseases, vaccines, preventive examinations, and the potential for economic growth under the demographic dividend greater, the level of per capita health spending and health awareness growing. In addition, there is an ageing trend in South-East Asia, where slow disease management is required.
2 Shortage of health-care resources: many South-East Asian countries still have low levels of per capita income, low levels of government investment in public health systems, incomplete health infrastructure, limited access to and quality of health services, resulting in a large number of unsatisfied health-care needs of the population.3 Dependence on the import of medical products: the health-care industry is generally underdeveloped in South-East Asian countries, with limited autonomous research and development and productive capacity, innovative medicines, and high levels of innovation.
Industry development such as end-of-life medical equipment and specific medical devices cannot keep pace with the increase in high-quality demand, and import dependence on related products is high;4 Private medical and medical tourism has emerged: private health services are an effective complement to inadequate public health resources, and private hospitals, private clinics, and tele-health services are more common in South-East Asia. Meanwhile, some South-East Asian countries (e.g., Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore) are medically dependent.
Treatment services are of high value and natural beauty, becoming a hot destination for medical tourism, and many local hospitals are internationally certified, such as jci, to provide routine treatment/surgery, as well as dental, orthopaedic, heart surgery and rehabilitation treatment.5 Infectious diseases and epidemiological transmission: South-East Asia is in the tropics/subtropicals, with high temperatures and humidity, and benefits pathogens and vector organisms (e.g. mosquitoes)
Reproduction, leading to high incidences of related diseases such as dengue, malaria, hake and kikonkenya, as well as high population density, urban slums, cross-border population movements and low vaccination rates, contribute to the spread of the disease.6 The situation varies considerably from country to country: the number of countries in the South-East Asian region varies from country to country, with different economic levels, health systems and needs leading to markets.6
Singapore: The most advanced health care system in Asia – the efficient public health-care system – plus world-class private health services. The government has introduced subsidies and medical savings schemes to reduce the cost of health care for the population.
Thailand: Wide coverage + low cost. Thailand has a universal health insurance scheme (ucare), with a health coverage index of 80%, an efficient system of primary health care services, a well-developed medical network, and a demand for medical tourism concentrated on plastic surgery and dental care.
Indonesia: The health system and the level of health services are lagging far behind. Indonesia is the largest country in South-East Asia, with a dominant public health sector, with the Government improving the accessibility and affordability of health services through the national health insurance scheme (jkn), but still facing a more serious challenge: 1 health-care deficit: 3% of gdp (vs. 17% in the United States).
Average medical expenditure of $100 (vs. Thailand $200 vs. Malaysia $300 vs. United States $8,500); 2 shortfall in medical funding: an average of 0.2 doctors per 1,000 population (vs. global average 3.2) with 1 doctor bed (vs. global average 3); 3 weak and fragmented infrastructure: large islands in Indonesia, dispersed population, difficult to centralize health systems; 4 health coverage
Limited: few people have health insurance and most rely on the public health system; five indigenous medical companies are lagging behind: although Indonesia has more than 222 manufacturers of medical equipment, it is mostly small and medium-sized enterprises. South-East Asian markets are more open to Chinese enterprises. On the one hand, countries in South-East Asia have a long history of trade with China.
In 2020, ASEAN had surpassed the EU as China's largest trading partner; on the other hand, China was geographically close to South-East Asia, with close cultural and historical ties, and Chinese enterprises were easy to understand and adapt to local markets; moreover, the Government was actively promoting trade and economic cooperation, such as “one-way” and signing rcep, to support and facilitate trade cooperation between the two sides.
Figure 77: Cost of health care as a percentage of gdp in the major countries of South-East Asia by 2020 and 2021 Regional market environment in South-East Asia is open, clinical trials are low, market-specific thresholds are low. Economic environment in South-East Asia is relatively open, foreign investment is welcome, markets are more receptive to new products and technologies, and countries such as Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, etc. have introduced medical devices in recent years
Given the country’s low labour costs, the limited cost of operating laboratories and medical equipment, the large population, Asian ethnic groups and Western habits, which contribute to the spread of local diseases and the large number of patient groups, the cost of clinical trials is lower, Chinese manufacturers have greater access to the South-East Asian market, and enterprises seeking international expansion can be used as important springboards for promoting international recognition of their products and businesses.
To facilitate more international cooperation and industrial chain integration. In addition, contrary to the stereotype of “the heavy cost of attention in economically less developed regions”, less economically developed regions, including South-East Asia, tend to have low cost acceptance of equipment with higher unit value and relatively insensitive prices for high-value reagents for medium- and low-frequency use, which would facilitate, for example, the continued sinking of low-value equipment to the market + high unit-price reagents by the Poct manufacturer.
South-East Asian governments are increasing their investments in health and promoting public-private partnerships by building new hospitals, clinics, etc. to upgrade existing health facilities.
(Encourage private sector participation in infrastructure development), international cooperation (support with WHO, the Asian Development Bank and other cooperative villages), telemedicine (addressing the shortage of medical services in remote areas), etc., especially after the new crown outbreak, countries have sought to strengthen public health systems such as disease prevention and control centres, testing laboratories, etc., which have led to a certain increase in the size of the medical equipment industry. At the same time, the South-East Asian region is close to China in terms of ethnicity and development.
In addition, some countries in South-East Asia are close to the West in eating habits and lifestyles, with more modern disease profiles, leading to deaths from cardiovascular diseases, infectious diseases, perinatal deaths and nutritional deficiencies, diabetes and heart disease.
The rate is rising, and Chinese producers have abundant stocks of diagnostic and therapeutic products in the relevant fields.)) EU: Under the high burden of social security, the burden of efficiency gains and international cooperation calls rises, the burden of social security spending is heavier, and international resource integration and collaboration continues to intensify. The EU region is generally confronted with population ageing and low fertility rates.
On the one hand, rising spending on social security, such as pensions, health insurance, and on the other hand, a shortage of fresh labour has led to a reduction in the number of contributors, and the EU region, which is mostly a high-social-welfare country, is generally inclined to provide a wide range of benefits, thus putting greater financial pressure on the social security system. The EU countries have taken a series of measures to strengthen the integration and collaboration of health resources, such as: 1 to support cross-border access to health care: the EU has promoted policy mechanisms, such as EU
The Directive on the Cross-Border Medical Powers of Patients, issued jointly by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union, provides that social insurance participants may receive medical services in other European Union countries and be reimbursed in their own countries;2 the sharing of health records: the sharing of medical data such as patient summaries, electronic prescriptions, etc., through electronic cross-border medical services infrastructure such as Myhealth@eu; and the implementation of the ehds plan to break down the barriers to medical data, promote the efficient use of data and promote medical research
3 Promoting rational allocation of resources: promoting the optimal integration of health resources through, inter alia, the icpermed (International Union of Precision Medicine) and the sharing of health resources with non-EU countries. Figure 78: German per capita expenditure on health and share of gdp (1995-2021)
Major trends in the EU pharmaceutical sector: outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development + prevention and health-care concerns. As globalization advances, the EU Regional Department of Medicine increasingly tends to outsource R & D in lower-cost countries (e.g., Eastern Europe, India, China), where the regions usually have lower labour and operating costs, some technical capacity and infrastructure, making R & D more cost-effective.
The higher the number of services available, from drug discovery, clinical trials to market approval, can effectively speed up the R & D process and reduce the risk of R & D. Moreover, in recent years, the EU has significantly increased its investment in prevention and health through, inter alia, the Horizon Europe programme and the Health EU programme, and its report on the state of health systems in 30 countries highlights the importance of the transition from treatment to prevention and care, which is a key trend in national health transitions.
The European Antimonopoly Service, in order to protect fair competition, encourage innovation, and diversity, still has a welcome attitude toward newcomers in the industries where some head producers monopolize the market, thus imposing a fine for the purchase of grail by llumina.
Europe has more long history, mature products, rich technological reserves, equipment companies, offshore manufacturers of equipment that can rapidly cut people off in local markets and segmented areas through M&As, and the integration of customer resources and mature technologies. For example, M.M.M. has achieved effective complementarities of technology, products, channels, and rapid upgrading of global supply chains through the acquisition of Desai.
The EU has a high degree of openness in the field of medical equipment, allowing and encouraging the commercialization of innovative technologies, and has put in place a series of policies to promote the development of the medical data industry, such as the Health Data Spatial Programme (ehds), the General Data Protection Act (gdpr), which provides the basis for the design of digital and intelligent products.
In recent years, the European Union has enacted new mdr and vdr regulations for medical devices and in vitro diagnostic devices, which have strengthened product regulation and supervision, and have made it possible to obtain a greater share of the market for highly skilled and productive compliant medical equipment.
-mdr (medicaldeviceregulation), enacted in 2017 to replace the original mdd. Clinical evaluation requirements, manufacturers need to provide more detailed clinical data to demonstrate product safety and effectiveness, introduce unique device identifiers (udi) to improve traceability and transparency, and significantly increase requirements for product technical compliance and post-market monitoring.
Regulation No. 2023/607, a further extension of the mdr transition period, to address the shortage of medical equipment. -ivdr (invitrodiagnosticmedicaldevicesreguation), issued in 2017 to replace the old ivdd directive, which began on 26 May 2022, allows products certified by regulatory bodies to continue to be sold on the market until 25 May 2024.
vdr has fully strengthened the requirements for clinical evaluation and performance assessment of in vitro diagnostic products, dividing ivd into four risk levels to ensure that higher wind-risk instruments are more strictly regulated. 4) Africa: the burden of disease is heavy and the medical infrastructure needs to be completed
The African region, which bears the greatest burden of disease globally, the general poor implementation of the health-care base and the extreme lack of a public health system, has a huge unmet need and is highly dependent on imports of medical services and products. As countries such as Nigeria, Kenya, Egypt and South Africa have actively increased their spending on health care, the vast potential of the African region ' s health market is expected to be released gradually, and Chinese appliances can use WHO, the United Nations and others.
International assistance projects, as well as the local market for the sale of high-value primary health care through self-help activities carried out by local governments. Figure 81: Analysis of the current situation and needs of the health sector in the African region.
Africa bears the greatest burden of disease globally, with generally poor health infrastructure and unequal distribution of health-care resources, and Africa bears over 24 per cent of the global burden of disease, including about 70 per cent of the world ' s total.
The lack of basic medical facilities and professionals in many areas and the absence of an effective public health control system for people living with HIV/AIDS, 90 per cent of malaria cases and one third of tuberculosis cases
Tropical infectious diseases such as Lassa fever, dengue fever, river blind fever, etc. are still prevalent, and local populations have difficulty in accessing timely and effective health care. Large market demand: Africa ' s total population is over 1.4 billion, accounting for one sixth of the world ' s population, and is expected to double to around 2.6 billion by 2050.
High dependence on imports: African countries lack the equipment production capacity and rely heavily on imports. Market potential: countries such as Nigeria, Kenya, Egypt, South Africa, among others, have been active in raising health spending.
Many African governments have begun a series of joint self-help initiatives.
For example, the African Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (africacdc), Niigata and a number of countries have aid programmes for Africa, and China has already started to build the foundation of the Centre for Disease Control in Japan (ncdc), etc.
Local assistance has been provided to more than 130 hospitals and clinics in Africa and to help complete the construction of medical facilities.
Public health crisis. 5) Other emerging countries: In addition to the above-mentioned countries/regions, markets such as Russia, the Middle East, and South America have seen significant increases in demand for health care in recent years, providing some opportunity for Chinese manufacturers to go to sea.
In recent years, trade with China has increased considerably as a result of geopolitical conflicts and sanctions imposed by countries such as Europe and the United States, and China’s share in the Russian market has increased year after year, and the export of anti-virus materials during the epidemic has helped to open up local market channels. Moreover, Russia encourages home-grown production, and domestic manufacturers can work with the Russian side to achieve joint ventures.
Middle East region: Middle Eastern countries like Saudi Arabia are high-end markets, the indigenous medicine and equipment industry is underdeveloped, and there is greater dependence on imported medicines. As Chinese high-end equipment manufacturers mature, they are expected to increase their efforts to open local markets.
In addition, the private health market in South America is relatively well developed, with some medical services such as beauty orthopaedics, custom-made services, and high-end medical equipment. There is an objective need for high-end medical equipment.
Often manufacturing is at a lower level and markets are fragmented, and Chinese medical equipment manufacturers often seek the cooperation of high-quality agents and access to local markets through distribution models. (ii) Localized overseas markets are available, and Murray’s operations cover many parts of the world.
Over the years of deep farming abroad, Murray has become a global provider of medical devices and solutions for all kinds of businesses. Currently, some 40 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean have over 50 subsidiaries, have more than 190 countries and regions across the globe, and offshore markets have contributed nearly half of the company’s revenue (mainly North America and Europe).
National Silicon Valley/New Jersey/United States of America Seattle/Germany/Finland) has created a vast network of globalized R & D, marketing and services, with products widely used in top hospitals around the world, reaching more than two thirds of US hospitals, top20 US hospitals using all of their Merri products, and maintaining long-term cooperation with major American gpo, hmo, such as HealthTrust, amsurg.
By contrast, companies have built influential international brands in the area of life information and support, and are working to achieve rapid capture of the global market share at the high end of the ivd, and to rapidly complete the different product layouts.
Life information and support: building the building blocks of global influence. Thanks to the competitiveness of products at the top of the world, the penetration of high-end clients has continued to accelerate over the past three years, branding has increased beyond its reach and access to more high-end hospitals in countries like the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Australia, Indonesia, Mexico, Turkey, etc., and overall solutions have expanded.
Helping to promote the global image of Murray’s global leading medical equipment company;2 in vitro diagnosis: hitting the global head when it does. Full internationalization of external diagnostics is a key step in sustaining the company’s long-term development by acquiring upstream materials from the hytest layouts, self-production of key nuclear materials, and accelerating the process of internationalization of ivd and the full range of medium-sized sample customers through the acquisition of the diasys layout offshore supply chain platform.
Breaking through, building capacity for overseas localized production, warehousing, logistics, services, etc., as the vd product and import branding gap narrowed, levelled and even crossed, the branding influence of the international market is steadily growing; 3 medical images: high-end markets are ready for the future. From medium- and low-end client breakthroughs to high-end clients are fully opened, largely thanks to new medium- and high-end products (e.g., the desktop ultrasoundsi series) and new appliances (all)
New Poc ultrasound, etc.) heavy pounds are expected to be released as the guides for new products such as super-high-end full-top, high-end heart, high-end check-up desktop, and so forth in the line of research and development, by meeting the need for more differentiated scenarios. Global internationalization pioneers, adapted to local markets abroad, have been set in motion since 2000.
In 2006, companies formally established subsidiaries and offices abroad, and continued to establish related marketing teams, with firms rising their overseas earnings rapidly. Since the launch of the overseas outreach strategy, Murray has continued to work through M&As in emerging areas, localized marketing teams, or localized marketing teams, owing to wide variations in the pattern of competition, stages of development, and customer structures in the world’s instrument markets.
Multiple initiatives, such as distributors, product differentiation innovations to address user distress points, and integrated solutions, have driven offshore market openings with local adaptation, and, with a long-term strategic vision and forward-looking layout, in recent years companies have maintained good growth in Europe and the United States and in emerging markets, steadily rising market rates, a virtuous trend towards the continued optimization of the customer structure, based on various types of litigation, such as reduced burden of health-care spending, info-connection of products, integrated platform-based solutions, etc.
Europe’s market: advantages are highlighted, expanding rapidly. The company’s Netherlands-centric storage, distribution, and trans-shipment centre and internationalization team, with technological innovation and value-for-money advantages, can actually meet the pain in health-care institutions.
The high-quality, low-priced product of Murray is attractive, for example, in Germany, which accounts for about 6 per cent of the world ' s equipment market (third, after America, Japan), but the long-term cost of medical care is at a higher level than 10 per cent of gdp, and the lack of government funding makes it difficult to build equipment.
The agency’s long-term partners; on the other hand, the overall solutions offered by Murray can effectively improve the efficiency of hospital operations, reduce hospital maintenance costs, and continue to enhance local market branding through the establishment of a network of local private hospital doctors and dealers. In addition, Méri Animal Medicine is popular in Europe, with its rich product lines covering all the basic equipment of veterinary clinics, and can be sold once the platform is online.
The United States is the world’s largest market for medical devices, and in 2006 the company was able to quickly raise brand visibility and build local customer trust through a fast-tracking market at New York Post, and in 2008 the United States’ old-fashioned custodian manufacturing firm, datascope, took over and bought it.
It's a fast-tracking process. Mergers and acquisitions have led to rapid completion of the company's business plans, high R & D efforts to upgrade its products, and the company's multi-line production has been well advanced in the United States. To date, the company has worked with the four major groups of U.S. procurement organizations, vizient, premier, intalere and hpg. The project covers nearly 10,000 end-of-life medical institutions in North America, serving more than 80% of the medical complex, reaching most of the top hospitals in the U.S. and establishing multiple R & D projects.
The company has a local marketing team in the United States, covering large medical groups, medical associations, private hospitals, private clinics, private operating theatres, university hospitals, specialized hospitals, gpo purchasing organizations, etc.
The demand for telemedicine and the integration of equipment information in treatment institutions has increased dramatically, and the potential for innovation in the future for new mentors is expected to be released. Markets in developing countries: multipliers, experience, etc. Due to inadequate health spending, inadequate health infrastructure, and large gaps in medical equipment in most developing countries, companies measured that in 2022 companies in the markets of developing overseas countries had nearly 100 billion space to operate.
With rising per capita spending on health care, improved conditions for health infrastructure, particularly in developing countries, where the health system has been highly deficient in terms of national politics.
In addition, due to the fact that most developing countries have some degree of resemblance to the country’s demographic structure, medical needs, marketing patterns, etc., the company is expected to replicate China’s successful experience and achieve a fast-tracking of markets in developing countries. By June 2023, the company had achieved Thailand’s legislation at Top University Hospital in Thailand.
The breakthroughs of high-end clients, such as university hospitals, the largest private group of hospitals in Latin America, the Einstein Hospital in Brazil, the Royal Nmc Hospital of the Emirates’ high-end private medical group, and the Hasidpe University Hospital at the Ankaratop3 University Hospital in Turkey, have deepened into priority strategic clients in Indonesia, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico, Peru and Romania.
Global network layouts have accelerated, and research and development platforms have been able to deliver synergies. Murray has continued to invest in R & D institutions, R & D personnel, and R & D funding, creating an innovation platform for R & D based on global resource allocation. There are currently 12 R & D centres around the world, of which there are five overseas R & D centres: the New Jersey R & D Centre focuses on clinical research, user interface design and industrial design; and the Silicon Valley R & D Centre focuses on medicine.
As of June 2023, the company had 3.971 R & D engineers globally, with over 10% annual sales in R & D, with over 8,800 patent applications and over 6,300 inventions.
Patents. The global configuration of R & D platforms will not only help international clients to reach their needs quickly and effectively, but will also fully benefit from local technological and industrial excellence, as well as leverage systemic innovation synergies and systematically maintain corporate innovation.
Strategic M&As are effective drivers of growth. Throughout Myra’s growth, key M&As provide a strong impetus for the growth of its core business. Key overseas M&As include: company acquisitions of United States datascope life information and support operations in 2008, and Swedish respiratory gas monitoring brands, artema; company acquisitions of American high-end ultrasound image producers, Sonare, ulco Oceania Distribution Network in 2013; and acquisition of vd raw materials in 2021.
Vendor hytest; acquisition of vd supply chain platform diasys in 2023. Murray’s global merger and acquisition experience of high-quality targets has enriched the company’s technological reserves and promoted effective extension of production lines and business areas, while also achieving a more mature market resource leader.
Pryson (blood testing) Shanghai Medical Light Instrument (ISP) Hangzhou Lighting (ISP)
Desai Diagnosis, Shanghai Long Island, Wuhandbail.
..the heart vessels.. Greenland.. ..hvtest (ivd raw materials)
• Changsha Sky Man (microbial analysis) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(iii) There has been a marginal improvement in the environment abroad, and international operations are expected to grow beyond expectations. China’s medical equipment has gone out of the sea for high-quality development, and the regional and product structure of its exports has changed dramatically.
After joining wto in 2001, low- and middle-end products went out to sea to jump-start growth; overseas demand fell after the 2008 financial crisis, and domestic medical devices came under pressure; domestic firms took the lead in entering the upper-middle-end market and opened up related product attempts; between 2020 and 2022, the new crown epidemic led to a surge in demand for prevention and surveillance, treatment products, repression of conventional equipment, total export trade and commodity festivals.
With the rapid changes in the epidemiological situation that have occurred since 2023, the global epidemic has faded, domestic manufacturers have accelerated the opening of high-to-high-end crowds of people abroad by means of channels of communication through the previous emergency products, the accumulation of slogans and the penetration of the crowd, and as domestic health-care policies have stagnated, domestic headlines have turned their eyes abroad, and Chinese medical equipment has gone out of the high-quality development phase of the Hai Mai people. In 2023, the total value of our trade in medical equipment was exported.
In addition, China's exports to the rcep countries, the “one-way” and ASEAN totalled RMB 62,830 million (25.22 per cent), RMB 65,885 million (26.45 per cent) and RMB 320,733 million (12.87 per cent) respectively.
The value of export trade is higher in yuan, or 4.91 per cent of exports. Figure 87: Priority countries or regions in China ' s exports of medical equipment in 2023. Figure 88: Structure of exports of Chinese medical equipment in 2023
2023: The low economic situation + the high dollar is a disincentive to overall demand and the foreign primary health-care market is affected. Certain uncertainties in the global economy in 2023, including a slowdown in growth in major economies, rising inflation and friction in international trade, have led to a certain reduction in international demand. In addition, import demand has been contained in some countries as a result of the shortage of dollar reserves affecting the settlement of payments.
In Russia, the Middle East, where the share of exports has increased more sharply, and Europe and the United States, where some exports of medical products continue to face regulatory obstacles, Fda reported a refusal to import medical products in 4,984 batches in the third quarter of 2023, including 558 batches in China (11.2 per cent), mainly due to registration in 2024: the macro-environment is expected to improve overseas and the overall export is expected to recover. As the impact of the epidemic on the economy and demand volatility gradually subsides.
With the expected improvement in the macro-environment overseas, China’s exports of medical equipment are expected to rise in 2024. The manufacturing climate in advanced economies such as Europe and America is expected to improve as interest rates are reduced, leading to a gradual recovery in demand for industrial goods; exports to emerging economies are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with large gaps in health infrastructure in most regions, and hence high prices for China relative to demand for medical equipment and equipment and a change in the macro-environment.
Quality promises to guide accelerated demand release. (iv) Multi-area bottom technology development into the platform period, Murray is expected to achieve full exploitation and productization based on the underlying science of relevant methodologies, and most medical equipment products have relatively limited potential for bottom technology upgrading.
In the direction of the development and digitalization of new technology products, leading players in the world are expected to achieve a cut-off through the continuation of technology at the bottom of multiple fields. 1) Ultrasound image: super-high-end bottom technology breakthroughs have been achieved.
The technological differences at the bottom of ultrasound products are mainly reflected in head search performance, image quality, and system stability. Ultrasound probes (power changers): launch ultrasound into the human body and receive ultrasound echo signals from the human body. The structure consists of three parts of the body, the shell and the conductor, in which the voltage material (chips) is the core of the subject, and Murray uses advanced line-to-power technology to apply new types of composite voltage.
With better spectral properties and lower sound resistance, the performance of the line-changer is improved. The current state-of-the-art techniques of the medical ultrasound machine are front-loaded, and Murray has developed a real-time three-dimensional ultrasound imaging system for single-crystal arrays and 192 physical channels to fill the domestic field.
Freebeam, by adapting to beam synthesis technology, can suppress the peripherals while enhancing the beams' main petals and increasing their spatial resolution, not only increasing the resolution of images, but also increasing their imaging in many ways. Although the algorithm has existed before, it has not been marketed for mature applications, owing mainly to the complexity of the algorithms, which demand a very high degree of arithmetic capacity (40,000 times higher than the conventional algorithm), and there is no gpu in the industry that can satisfy the direct application of the technology.
But, for the first time, through a combination of hardware and software (software re-engineering plus hardware) the productization of adaptive beam synthesis technology in ultrasound images has led the entire industry to move forward.) vd: full-scale strikes, individual strikes, and gradual integration based on high-end current water lines.
Blood cells: The blood cell analyser is more mature, the current numbering, classification, testing projects, type of scripts and speed of detection are advanced, and multi-functional blood cell analysis lines can integrate multiple modules. The Murraybc-7500 series of blood cell analysers and sc-120 complete automatic boosters. The dyer is an innovative pioneer in full-automatic blood mass testing and provides a comprehensive automated solution through the construction of a variety of technical solutions.
At present, there are national and international leaders in this area. Biochemistry/immunization: high-end hospital clinical scenes are particularly complex (e.g. treatment of complex diseases, low immunization population, oncological treatment population, icu, mother and child) and testing is more demanding, especially with regard to resistance, detection sensitivity, batch stability, equipment stability, and different districts.
The main factors affecting the quality of reagents are in raw materials and processes, and Murray is gradually moving towards rapid completion of technology by acquiring high-quality technology from overseas vd manufacturers, and leading importers such as Rhodes, Yape, Beckman, Siemens and others have made relatively few research and development inputs in the field of biochemistry/immunisation.
The Division announced that a series of high-clinical and high-commercial-value dinner packages are expected to reach international leadership by 2025, supporting the Merry bio-chemistry industry to enter the world ' s top hospitals. 3) Micro-inventive surgery/electric physiology: a number of breakthroughs have been achieved, with great potential for innovation in the future.
In the field of micro-surgery and electro-physiology as advanced technologically intensive front-line medical devices, Murray has made a partial breakthrough through research and development, and in the future is expected to catch up further with the world’s leading manufacturers and improve the company’s overall competitiveness in micro-surgery/electrical physiology. Ultrasound knife: High-energy-focused ultrasound instrumentation works on the use of electro-scaling or magnetic-scaling effects to convert ultrasonic power into machines.
The ultrasound products consist mainly of knives, energy changers, and drivers, and the knife is a key technical barrier, which was once monopolized by foreign technology, with Murray customizing, finely designing, innovative casting, and integrating.
A strong arithmetic arithmetic, creating subversive innovations. The electrophysiology (Hyotae): The electrophysiology, the controlled radio frequency digestable electron catheters, the floating temporary pace-building electrode catheters, etc., fill the domestic void, but their product accuracy, stability, and innovation are still ahead, given the more sophisticated technologies and extensive R & D experience of importers in this area.
In addition, importers have a large amount of clinical data to support their safety and effectiveness.
The world’s leading provider of medical technology and integrated solutions, innovation and M & As, has developed over the long term. Medtronic, established in 1949 in Minnesota, United States, started with the sale and repair of medical equipment, invented the world’s first elastic, battery-powered pacemaker in 1957, insisted on autonomous innovation and opened up a global multi-practice expansion, and the company was listed at New York Post in 1977 (code: mdt.n), and then acquired it.
The idea is gradually moving from perfecting the existing business map to a high-growth track, with a combination of products in four main areas of operation (cardiovascular, medical surgery, neuroscience, diabetes) now spread across more than 150 countries/areas around the world, with multiple research and development centres and manufacturing bases worldwide, and maintaining a stable leadership position in the global medical equipment industry. In 2023, Medunikt achieved $31,227 million in revenues.
Central vascular vessels: $11.573 billion (37.06 per cent), neuroscience: $8.959 billion (28.69 per cent), medical surgery: $8.433 billion (27 per cent) and diabetes: $2,262 million (7.24 per cent). As of 2023, the company had cumulatively served 74 million patients, with specialized figures: 92: The history of development in the Middle East.
Prior to 1990, Medtenian focused on autonomous product development, continued deep-cultivated cardiovascular industries and built early advantage in areas such as pacemaker, heart valve, neuroregime, etc.; after 1990, Madonli developed into a leading manufacturer in this field by buying and buying a number of growth paths that were well-scaled and fully integrated.
Midusrexlp entered the field of neurosurgery: M & A Xmemed entered the ear and nose and throat field in 1998 and M & D Intersectent became global leaders in ear and nose medical technology in 2021. Since 2018, new technologies have emerged, and Madonli sees its potential for applications in the field of medicine, forward-looking and buying companies with technological reserves in the direction of robotics, artificial intelligence, etc.
Mirrors, surgical systems, and heart monitors, and support and accelerate artificial intelligence innovation within the enterprise through platforms and shared services. Figure 94: Mettley's history of critical M&As and their impact.
1 earnose and throat: lead in the $1.7 billion market and maintain high-digit growth, successful acquisition of intersectents, integration of current global operations and channels, establishment of the largest direct distribution network in the industry and a comprehensive product mix; 2 cardiosurgery: launch of the only laa blocker currently available for recapturing, positioning and deployment, which can be safely blocked through arc clips and cutting-edge design. 3 Neuroregulation: push.
The first paragraph supports the dbs sensed chargeable equipment perceptTMrc (listed in Europe, Japan, approved fda) and the smallest, thinest, most advanced incentive system inceptivTM with multi-wave closed rings (not yet approved); 4 endoscopic mirrors: introduction of an extended soft-forming platform, iAiacessTM, adenoma detection rate (adr), which is currently less than 5 per cent permeability of i-intelligent assisted intestinal mirrors; 5 heart rate management:
Introduction of new products such as auroraev-icdTM, micraTMav2&vr2, selectsureTMMRRISScanmodel3830, which are expected to earn a greater share of the European-American market by means of performance promotion and integration innovation; 6 skulls and spinal pelvis: promoting aibleTM system penetration based on more than 10,000 installed global loads; mazorTM robots integrating ai and bone cutting functions; 7 Surgery: Introduction of a broader digital function, tri-stapleTM and others
The M&A rhythm and synergy of innovation are highly correlated with financial performance, and the growth track and the discovery of emerging markets drive future growth. According to historical financial data, between 2005 and 2010, the US was able to achieve steady growth in operating income and profits through autonomous innovation and the integration of M&As.
A global acquisition of medical equipment and appliances has led to a significant increase in operating income and goodwill. Madonli has consistently maintained high R & D investment, with R & D costs of approximately $2.7 billion in 2023, cagr of 5% in 2020-2023, and R & D costs have averaged between 8 and 9% since 2005. Cardiovascular is still the highest company in terms of revenue structure, neuroscience and medical surgery.
At a similar level, the United States has been contributing to the stability of its main markets, with a decline in market revenues in developed countries except the United States in 2023, which is expected to be largely influenced by the macro-environment and post-epidemic fluctuations, with emerging markets growing significantly in recent years, which are expected to provide a key driver for their future growth. Since 2005, the US Māori ratio, net interest rates, and net operating interest rates have declined steadily, mainly in relation to its internal business structure and external medical policy practices.
Apart from the 2015 Covidien acquisitions, none of the company acquisitions since 2005 have led to an overly significant increase in goodwill. (ii) Abe: Diversity parallels internationalization, autonomous innovation provides a strong endogenous dynamic, global leading provider of medical technology and integrated solutions, and innovation and M & As long-term development.
Chicago, United States, began expanding its product lines at the beginning of the twentieth century and has since opened up international markets in Europe, Asia, and Latin America since the middle of the twentieth century, and has since intensified its market position in the field of pharmaceuticals through several M&As. In 2013, Yape separated its drug research business, created an independent public division, increased its focus on medical devices and diagnostics, and completed St. Jude ' s medical treatment in 2016 and 2017, respectively.
Medical and Ariel (alue) are two key mergers and acquisitions, of which the former contributed to the rapid cut-off of Yape into the heart business area and indirectly helped it to dominate the left room assistive device (lvad) area, the latter enabled it to significantly strengthen its rapid diagnostic operations and helped it to contribute to the new flagship pandemic of US$ 9,988 million, US$ 5,066, US$ 16,887 million, or 20.33 per cent, 24.90 per cent, 12.63 per cent and the total corporate income.
42.10 per cent. As of January 2024, the company had 115,000 employees, covering more than 160 countries/areas, and has developed a number of globally renowned brands/products, such as: pharmaceutical focus.
1929: Listing (abt.n) Exploiting period: initiation of M & A 1976: sales outpaced $1 billion
Rapid growth and long-term: M & As have accelerated dramatically, opening the path to diversified development. 1995: sales outpaced $10 billion.
Strategic re-engineering period: multiple major mergers and acquisitions and adjustments in search of more upscaling 2013: Disassembly of drug research operations
and create an independent company abbvie. maturation period: business layout is basically perfect, and M & As mainly cover artificial intelligence,
Robot and customised solutions. Focus on nutrition, diagnostics, mature drugs, and diabetes, four major business blocks, with innovative products in a variety of fields.
Broken products and video equipment, auxiliary assessment and treatment of artery blockages; Diabetes: provision of effective, operational blood sugar test products and blood sugar information for individual users (accompanied transient glucose-scanning monitoring system, accompanied glucose/blood ketamine device) and hospital users (accompanied glucose/blood ketone device, accompaniment glucose mesh surveillance system for hospitals); Health diagnostics: towards medical laboratories
(c) Neuroregulation: including proclaimTMxr, procreative spinal stimulators, eonminiTM, ecstatic spinal neurostimulations, etc.
Human spinal neurostimulators; 5 medical nutrition: nutrient powder (tp), intestinal nutrient mixture (tpf-d), tpf-fos (tpf-fos) all-line scientific products; 6 mature drugs: cover digestion (Liso, every pass, Schutter, Dumicz, Hailansai), gynaecology (Fen, Daphton), cardiovascular (Emphasic Physics, Happiness, Leprosy, Leprosy)
In terms of income structure, worldwide revenues are currently higher than in the United States, with the highest proportion of medical equipment (up to 42.10 per cent). The separation of pharmaceutical research operations and the establishment of an independent company, Abovy, in 2013, led to a high cost of operating, profit and R & D.
The decline was followed by a greater concentration of resources and effort on core areas of business, as well as increased financial flexibility, with operating revenues and profits reaching 6.26 per cent and 9.44 per cent respectively in 2013-2023. Based on years of deep cultivation in the field of diagnosis in April, it was able to make full use of its advantages during the new crown pandemic and achieve stronger performance growth, with its operating income rising by $43.65 billion in 2022.
For 2,741 million yuan, or 6.83 per cent of operating income, it is mainly for the development and upgrading of innovative products. The level of corporate Maori has generally remained stable, with net interest rates falling significantly in 2017, mainly as a result of the two key mergers and acquisitions of St. Judemedical and Ariel in that year, which, despite disputes and several disruptions, showed that this was the right decision at the moment.
After many years of business development and overseas placement, Murray has developed into a multi-product, global, platform-based medical device company, which has seized market opportunities and achieved its set growth goals on several occasions in recent years.
On February 18, 2024, the Division issued a bulletin on a two-way programme of action for quality returns, based on a vision of the future development of the industry and the future of companies. Goodly, companies have the capacity and confidence to be on the top 20 medical instruments list in 2025 and to hit the top 10, or even higher, of the world. According to a company announcement, Murray ranked 27 out of the global medical equipment industry in 2022, up 4 from 2021 and 2020.
Impacting the head of medical devices depends on a combination of power, and autonomous innovation and strategic M&As are essential. By recapturing the growth experiences of companies like Medtrick, Yape, etc., it can be found that their growth experiences are inseparable from technological innovation and strategic M&As, while actively expanding the global distribution and channel networks, causes, etc.
Locally appropriate market strategies, clear and rational business objectives, intellectual property protection mechanisms, branding and strengthening, localized production, and services all also play a crucial role. Auto-innovation: Autonomous innovation not only enhances differentiated competitiveness in the early stages of business growth, but also cuts across the entire business week.
Key drivers of the period: (a) the high reserves of basic research in the medical sector and the more frequent and rapid transformation of new technologies in industry have led to rapid product upgrading within the industry; (b) there are still more needs to be addressed for diagnosis, treatment, health management, etc.; (c) revolutionary products have been introduced that can effectively capture the cutting-edge field and drive industry standard setting; (c) population structure, disease prevalence, consumption escalation, social behaviour, etc.
Under the influence of factors, new demand is emerging downstream in the industry; the profitability of mature products tends to decline as patterns deteriorate, and innovative products often lead to higher market pricing and profitability, with a positive impact on the financial performance of companies; and the development of a culture of innovation is effective in attracting and retaining the best innovators and providing the engine for long-term corporate development.
Strategic M & As: Strategic M & As are effective tools to complement business growth and promote long-term sustainable development, testing the forward-looking strategic vision and sense of leadership of decision makers. 1 The medical equipment industry, because of its product characteristics, fragmentation and fragmentation of manufacturing, has a wide gap between domains, and there is a degree of difficulty with the direct cut-off of the new track;2 market patterns induced by technological change tend to re-engineer the window of time.
Shorter, M & As are quick ways to access new technologies and product lines; 3 M & As provide a combination of R & D, channels, and production resources that optimize cost and operational efficiency and achieve high-quality development in synergy; 4 and diversification can reduce dependence on single markets/products, broadly meet market needs and effectively diversify business risks.
Murray's commitment to high-level R & D investment and the potential for innovation to flourish. M & D systems are highly valued, ownership of innovation and mastery of core technologies, mainly through: (a) a global resource-based R & D innovation platform with 12 major R & D centres, a large global R & D, marketing and service network and effective feedback mechanisms, strong product engineering and system succession; and (b) R & D investment insurance.
3 To maintain cross-border cooperation and open innovation, to actively cooperate with national and international scientific institutions, universities and other enterprises to develop new technologies and products through open innovation models and to accelerate the commercialization of innovations. 4 To maintain diversity in innovation, innovative products such as high-end ultrasound, intuitive systems and smart equipment are introduced in medical images, in vitro diagnostics and life information and support. 5 Establishment of mechanisms for the introduction, development and stimulation of talent.
Merri’s successive M&As are in line with his strategic directions and share some of the global industry’s leading development experience.1 The strategic significance of M&As is highly valued as a key tool for rapid market expansion, technology acquisition, and global layout, with firm announcements explicitly stating, “Accelerating and accelerating”
Planning objectives for the acquisition of high global targets and the search for long-term sustainable growth space;2 M & As entry into corresponding markets in geographical areas, especially in emerging markets with high growth potential;3 opportunities to supplement R & D reserves and product matrices in high-technology areas, especially in more mature European and American markets;4 and upstream deployment of key raw materials to achieve autonomous control along the industrial chain, leading to efficiency gains and product excellence and stability
Purpose; 5 A high level of attention to growth-tracking, cross-border, inclusive and emerging technologies that facilitate close follow-up and seize opportunities for industrial change to achieve a turn-over. IV. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis. (i) Measuring the scale and share of Murray ' s core business
Life information and support equipment are estimated at 1,1 billion yuan in 2022 for the size of the domestic market (customs + anaesthesia + microscopic surgery + respirators), with Murray accounting for about 17 per cent of the total, with sub-sectors such as guardianship (65 per cent) and defibrillators (60 per cent) accounting for the vast majority of the country and further space to concentrate on Murray over the next 5-10 years. Micro-inventive surgery operations are currently only 2 per cent due to their short entry time.
With the increase in microfiche penetration and the roll-out of high-end new products, such as company end-of-the-art mirrors, ultrasound knives, it is expected to lead to a significant increase in the overall share of business. At present, Murray’s anaesthetic machines, custodians, and future high-value products, as well as intelligent home-wide solutions, will help it to break through more key overseas customers or develop into a global provider of head life information and support equipment; and 2) ultrasound images: 2022, Murray.
Business accounts for about 23 per cent of the country ' s domestic share, with over-colouring leading the industry at about 27 per cent of the market, and is expected to rise further to about 30 to 35 per cent in the future, with a global share continuously expanding under the full coverage of the overseas differentiated market; 3) in vitro diagnosis: around 11 per cent of the domestic share of Murray in 2022, and nearly half of China ' s share of the high rate of chemical production in the blood sphere.
In addition, as reagent product performance is gradually levelling off foreign firms, Meriivd's prospects are high; 4) Cardiovascular: the rapid cut-off in the cardiovascular field after Murray's acquisition of Hyetai's medical care, which accounted for about 4% of the country's market share in 2022 and about 2% in the cardiovascular sector, are expected to increase in the future.
With the multiple capacities of Murray’s R & D and channels, its core business is expected to grow faster in both domestic and foreign markets. In 2022, M & M accounted for about 14% of the domestic availability and market of its current business, taking into account cardiovascular collars, and the introduction of H & T health care has helped to build up the capacity of M & M’s long-term growth, making M & & M’s entire industry more effective.
Headlines continue to be consolidated. Although there is still a gap between Murray’s share of the global market for medical devices and head manufacturers, it is based on its built-in growth and internationalization strategy, or it will be able to rank in the world’s medical apparatus for nearly a decade. (ii) Core business revenues are split and projected.
A slight slowdown, but a better recovery is expected as the repressive factors retreat. From the product structure, core products such as anaesthesia, lighthouses, defibrillators, etc., are driven by the release of new infrastructure machines and the use of overseas orders, and are expected to maintain an increase of 20% + or more, with a larger range of guardianship instruments Medical image operations: a smooth break in the high-end client base to promote improved income structures, and a year-on-year rise in the plate Maori rate from 2024, with domestic operations expected to take place.
On the other hand, the increase in the share of high overseas unit orders will contribute to the in vitro diagnosis business: multiple collection policies are moving forward in the vd area, the company’s market share in the relevant provinces is expected to grow rapidly under the trend of national production substitution, and the downside pressure on the price reduction is partly offset by narrow profit margins and higher production capacity.
The purchase of further boosts the efficiency gains, and the acquisition of channel mergers and acquisitions has enabled vd products to accelerate their conductors in overseas markets and is expected to continue to grow by 20% + over time in vitro diagnostics. Murray’s relative valuation level is at a historically low level. As of 8 April 2024, Murray’s year-by-year rolling market rate was 34.86, at a low rate.
The level of Méri ' s relative valuation is at a historically low level. We've chosen the top-a-stock medical equipment company, the new industry, Anto biology, Leuph medicine, fish jump medicine as a comparable company. The collection rate in April 2024 was set at 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023e, slightly higher than the average value of the above-mentioned medical equipment listing companies, but because the company is the absolute leader of the domestic medical equipment plate, it has one.
(b) Identification of scarcity and non-repetition, giving priority to the benefits of new medical infrastructure, national production substitution and equipment, which should have a reasonable valuation level higher than that of other domestic medical equipment industry companies. (2) dcf valuation analysis
Murray is the home-grown, best-selling, best-selling medical equipment leader, high-end, diversified and globalized development strategy that helps companies grow into global medical equipment champions, and overseas operations will be a major driver of corporate growth over the next decade. We anticipate the risk of a significant price reduction in the collection of in vitro diagnostic reagents in the country by 2023-1.
3. Risk that overseas sales will not progress as much as expected; 4. Risk that new products will not progress as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate match for the investor and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may arise if the service is not used properly.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients, nor does it serve as an invitation to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments to safeguard their accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than those contained in this report.