In recent days, the company announced a partial acquisition of shares in 26 hospitals, including Xian Yill and Quanzhou, for El ophthalmology (300015).
The purchase price is reasonable. Twenty-six hospitals received a total of 643 million yuan in 2021, net profit - yuan, net profit - $47 million, significant profits, net assets - $293 million, and lost in 2022, a quarterly comparison of the purchase price. Of the 26 hospitals acquired, profits were realized in 2021.
\triangleright's hospitals are mainly 11 in Quanzhou, Cian Yill, Dujiang and others. In the first three quarters of 2022, the number of profitable hospitals reached 24, with only a small loss in Yiyang Yi and Ping.
\triangleright corresponds to 62.45, 45.4 and 32.96 times, respectively, and maintains the “buy-in” rating, taking into account the success of the company's chaining model and the continued growth of demand in the market for ophthalmological diseases.
Risk factors: medical risk, human resources risk, goodwill risk of impairment, new coronary pneumonia epidemic
In 2021, he joined the Sinda Portfolio and was in charge of research in the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
In April, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry. Zhao Shuang, a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, and a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University. Two years of experience in the securities industry. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.