On October 25, the company released its three-quarterly report, and it achieved revenue of $13.52 billion in the first three quarters.
Equal + 13 per cent; net return to mother + 18 per cent; net profit to deduct from mother + 18 per cent; net profit to recover from mother + 4,944 million + 16 per cent in the third quarter; net profit to mother + 1,066 million + 20 per cent; net profit to deduct + mother + 1,121 million + + per cent
High-quality development smooths local epidemics and costs remain stable. The short-term epidemic has interrupted the pace of consultations in several hospitals under the company’s umbrella, and corporate earnings continue to grow steadily, and operations continue to expand and overall operations are stable.
Interest rate levels continued to increase slightly. Corporate management costs were 13.9 per cent in the first three quarters, and sales costs were 13.9 per cent.
Research investment continues, with a common global ophthalmological development dividend. Over $200 million in research and development in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 28% over the same period in the previous year, and a steady increase in research on the application of ophthalmology techniques and digital construction.
Inputs. The company's "Building and Demonstration Applications of the Big Data Platform for Eye Health" project was successfully selected for industry and letter lift - El ophthalmology plus session evaluation, and the Ministry of Revenue's "List of Pilot Pilot Projects for the Development of the Big Data Industry 2022".
The project is expected to produce 3.6 million designs after completion of the project.
The largest number of visits, an increase of 280 per cent compared with the actual number of visits to the existing local hospitals in 2020, will be donated $60 million to the Hunan Eye-Friendly Foundation, mainly for extended schools and the elderly, and sufficient - El ophthalmology tri-quarterly reviews, 2021.10.26.
The company, which is the leader of the domestic ophthalmology service, is expected to build on this project.
Policy risks; risk of a rebound; risk exacerbated by market competition; risk of a shortage of talent; cross-regional development; risk; risk of disputes over medical safety accidents; risk of regulatory compliance; and so forth.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment