During the first three quarters of 2022, performance was on track and profitability was steady. The net profit of the mother was $1,121 million, an increase of 18.27 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The reasons for this are: the continued rise in corporate brand influence; the advancement of the country ' s near-sighted anti-control strategy; the expansion of the size of the business and the pool of talent; the steady increase in health-care consumption, etc. The steady increase in profitability and good cost management.
The first three quarters of 2022 saw a steady increase in the cost of company sales, management, and the cost of company personnel’s remuneration and equity incentives increase with the company’s size. The demand for the market for merit and ophthalmological diseases continued to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: medical risk, human resources risk, goodwill risk of impairment, new coronary pneumonia epidemic
In 2021, he joined the Sinda Portfolio and was in charge of research in the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
In April, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry. Zhao Shuang, a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, and a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University. Two years of experience in the securities industry. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.