El ophthalmology (3000015) Pharmacy bios perform as expected, with operational resilience, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The net profit is now 2.36 billion yuan (+17.7 per cent); the net profit is 2.5 billion yuan (+15.1 per cent). Performance growth under the epidemic alone is as expected, and overseas operations are growing rapidly. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies recorded positive growth of 12.6 per cent at the end of the epidemic, with positive growth of 17.7 per cent at the end of the profit.
It is expected to reflect the company’s business resilience: the growth in overseas operations, the company’s efforts to promote collaboration with overseas research platforms, the integration of advanced medical technology and management experiences, the creation of a world-class vision of an eye centre with well-managed cost rates and a sustained rise in net corporate interest rates. The Māori rate for the three quarters of a company alone is 56.2%, which is higher.
The net rate of interest decreased by 2.3 pp over the same period, from a net interest rate of 23.2 per cent to an increase of 1.1 pp over the same period in the previous year, with a cost rate of 9.5 per cent for the three quarters of the year alone and a flat rate of 14.4 per cent for the same period last year, and a decrease of 0.8 pp for the same period. The net rate of interest continued to rise at the same rate when the company ' s Māori rate was properly managed.
• The firm’s strategic layout is well under way. The company’s strategic layout is well under way, mainly for the expansion and construction of its central city hospital in the capital city, and the company’s strategic layout of the central city hospital in the capital city of Keung. The company’s 1+8+n strategy is continuing, and it is expected to continue to increase the city’s presence.
As part of the city’s stratification system, which has community health education, patient traction, post-operative re-examination, etc., the company’s deep placement in the market is helping to sink, and is continuing. At $0.72, the net return to the mother’s profit over the next three years will maintain a 30.4% compound growth rate and a “buy-in” rating.
2. El ophthalmology (300015): Quality business model for development and global ophthalmological ship re-launching (2022-05-26)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.