Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco, five grain fluids: all income profits are over-expected, and the long line of certainty highlights the fact that the mother now has a net profit of $17,402 million, an increase of 30.02 per cent over the same period.
The annual report reveals that the company's business plan for 2020 has increased the price of high-end alcohol and has grown rapidly.
Total equity/flow (million shares) by dollar, high-priced wine (all high-end + part series) generated $39,671 million, corresponding to total market value/flow (millions)
With an increase of 31.41 per cent, a low- and medium-priced alcohol revenue of $6,631 million (part of the series), a similar decline in the structure of the strong wine series, product line combing, high-modeling, 12.32 per cent.
At the end of the year, the advance of $12.53 billion was historicly high, with an increase of $5.823 billion and $6.66 billion, respectively, in comparison to the same year, partly due to early spring days, and the first-ever cancellation of the "open door" in spring 2020.
In response to the epidemic, the year-round growth target remains unchanged. Red “Red” repayment requirements, monthly repayments by distributors based on demand, financial strength, etc., 19-year universal 57 - 2020/02/06
The upgrading to eight generations, coupled with a series of upgrades, such as price increases for quality packaging, a thousand dollars in retail price stations, five grain fluids (000858), “Five grain fluids: significant improvements in profits from the group's thousands of channels”, and the year-end upturn in advance receipts also highlighted the confidence of the channels.
In 2019, companies benefited from price increases, wine series collating, and continued structural upgrading.
Māori sales rate of 74.46 per cent, an increase of 0.66 percentage points over the previous year, resulting from higher prices of alcohol, medium sales organizational change, upgrading of marketing systems, upgrading of core monolithics, etc., and increased marketing and marketing cost inputs, including combined marketing costs (including market development fees, image promotion)
In 2019, the company expanded its marketing team, optimized its marketing structure, adding 452 salesmen, 500 visitors, and a percentage point for a liquor company, with a total of costs (including travel, office, board funds, employee remuneration, etc.)
After the outbreak, the company responded positively, with a positive growth of 15.05 per cent in income from 2020q1 under a high sales base in the first quarter of last year and a price increase in the first quarter of this year, considering that high-end liquor still outperforms the series, and sales grew in one digit.
This was very impressive in the context of the 19th Spring, due to product upgrading expectations, high demand, and a high base, and in the broader context of the epidemic after the first quarter of this year. The company responded positively, and led the way by proposing a double-digit growth goal throughout the year.
In the interest of market confidence, propose precise measures, optimize the March quota, write off costs, reward the speed with which the payments are made, effectively reduce the financial pressure on distributors, “triple loss”, speed up the acquisition of customers by the enterprise group, cooperate with online customers and open up, and enforce controls to stabilize market price order.
In terms of maintaining healthy cash flows and safeguarding the quality of income, the company's quarterly round-up confirms the advance receipts of $7,762 million in revenue, and at the end of the quarter.
The contractual liability (advance payment) is essentially the same as for the same period and is at a reasonable level of health; a gradual reduction in the scope and size of the dealer's use of the instrument, with the receivable of 146.12 billion ring equals and a decrease of 8 per cent in the same year. The higher level of recognition of advance receipts also results in a decrease in sales collections by 28.31 per cent and an increase in operations by 28.31 per cent over the same year.
The increase of 1.3 percentage points during the same period was mainly due to the early deployment of companies, which resulted from inputs such as recovery from the epidemic, consumption, increased branding and the creation of an atmosphere. The management cost rate was 3.46%, a decrease of 0.95 percentage points from the same period last year, with net interest rates rising by 1.26 points to 38.07%.
With the impact of the short-term epidemic, the company’s response reflects a strong resilience to risk, and the sequenced refunds reflect the company’s brand power and channel control. From the current demand for feedback everywhere, the five grain fluids are also in the forefront of other brands across the country.
This year, the company will continue to improve the quality of its products (19 years from production, high-end liquor sales to liquid sales of five grains, and the visualization of the return of brand values), strengthen marketing systems, build agile marketing systems, and continue to stimulate internal livelihoods through institutional, pay and other reforms.
We judge that companies can achieve double-digit growth targets, maintain this year’s growth rate, increase the epidemic’s impact on demand for white wine sales, increase macroeconomic volatility, and so on.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.