Recommended (for the first time) Sustained and steady growth of the transformational enabling environment 5-food fluids (000858) 2019 and 1-quarter review 2020
Events: The five-food fluids published in 2019 and the one-quarter report in 2020, which generated 50.118 billion yuan in 2019 and significantly increased the profitability of the company ' s sales of alcohol in 2019.
This represents an increase of 22.65 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 13.67 per cent in sales of 1,654 million tons; a gross ton price of $23,112 million in net operating cash flows from the previous year, representing a significant increase of 87.64 per cent in the same year.
Eight generations of classic five-food fluids, with a steady increase in market prices of over $1,000; the creation of a strategic super-high end of 501 five-food fluids; and the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement with international companies such as Pauly and Wine to launch an international version of the five-food fluid development. 2) The remodeling of the brand matrix continues.
The principle of focusing on high- and medium-priced products, to focus on own brands, to focus on core brands” focuses on building four large national monoliths: five food springs, five grains, five grains, and cutting edges. Marketing changes have been transformed to enhance marketing capacity.
Headquarters completed the branding department reform, regional flattening and functional pre-reforms; reorganized the wine company series and integrated the original series of wines, special headlines, and pentaglycol into a new five-food and fragrance company, focusing on the core of the wine series; signed with Ali Baba, Hua.
Double-digit growth in 2020q1 revenues and net profits. Double-digit growth in 2020q1 receipts and net profits of companies affected by the epidemic, highlighting the resilience of high-end white wine leading companies. Māori upturn (76.53%/+0.75pct) and lower management cost rates (3.61%/-0.93pt) boost net interest rates
The year-round business goal aims to achieve double-digit growth in gross business income. The rating system's “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.