The 19-year income target was successfully met and the opening of the door was achieved in one quarter — five grains and fluids (000858) 2019 & one-quarter review in 2020 (20200427) Events: the company published 2019 and one-quarter in 2020, and the company became operational throughout 2019
Revenues of $50.118 billion, net return to the mother $17.402 billion, an increase of 25.20 per cent and 30.02 per cent in the same year, of which net earnings from the business of the company 2019q4 are net return to the mother $17.590 million and $6.475 billion in the same year, respectively.
Price increases are mainly driven by high-priced wines. By product, high-priced wines and low- and medium-priced wines earn, respectively, the Oyang Woo Swords. Price increases through product upgrades (+13%) in the first half of the year.
A range of strategies, such as brand cleaning and the creation of a series of liquor companies, have had some impact on short-term earnings, but have long-term benefits in terms of core monolithic development; the Māori rate of high-priced and low- and medium-priced alcohol, respectively, has been 84.59 per cent and 52.19 per cent, and the profitability of priced alcohol has continued to increase.
Zhang Xing Xing, the product upgrades and lower cost rates contribute to a steady increase in profitability, benefiting from product structural upgrades.
The decrease in the cost rate was due to an increase in the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate in 2019 of 0.66, 1.30 percentage points to the company ' s marketing organization changes, the upgrading of the marketing system, the upgrading of core monolithics, etc., and the increase in related marketing and marketing cost inputs, resulting in a decrease in the management cost rate of 0.51 percentage points to 5.55 per cent.
In terms of cash flows, the net cash flow generated by the operation is $23.12 billion, an increase of the same amount.
87.64 per cent, mainly due to increased income from alcohol products, increased collection of bank notes due and earlier payments from spring dealers.
The company's performance was stable in the first quarter of 2020. In the context of the outbreak, the company's performance remained stable, opening up, and the income from the grain fluids and the shareholders of the parent company was released on the first quarter of 2020.
The Chengdu China (Sichuan) free trade experiment, with a percentage point, is mainly a product structure upgrade, with a small increase in volume over last year.
On the other hand, the pre-receipt ratio of 2002001 companies dropped by $7,762 million ($4,769 million), mainly because spring, 177 Chinese Sea International Centre, 17 sections, was earlier, and a large amount of the first quarter's recovery was recorded in the last quarter. On the cost side, 2020q1 company fees
A slight increase in the rate, with sales rates rising by 1.30 percentage points to 8.54 per cent, was due mainly to a decrease in management costs by 0.93 percentage points to 3.61 per cent, as well as to a continuous improvement in the management capacity of companies and cash flows during the reporting period, as a result of inputs such as recovery of post-epidemiological consumption and enhancement of brand advertising and climate.
On the other hand, the net cash flow generated by the 2020q1 operation amounted to $12.02 billion, mainly due to: (1) the fact that, earlier in the spring of the year, a large part of the amount recovered in the quarter was recorded in the previous quarter; and (2) the fact that a large amount of deferred taxes was paid in the first quarter, resulting in a net cash outflow.
The company responded positively to the outbreak. The company issued a circular at the moment of the outbreak, in which it proposed the following five key elements for the marketing zones: (a) strengthening market research and analysis, focusing on consumption and marketing, and taking the lead in compensatory consumption opportunities following the epidemic; and (b) strengthening the March quota adjustment.
Prescription, classification of distributors, scientific precision, no one-size-fits-all approach; 3) acceleration of market fees, two working days to complete; 4) timely delivery of end-of-service credits, which will be in place by the end of February; 5) enhancement of customer services, listening to market advice, and practical resolution of problems.
On the basis of maintaining the “I control three plus” approach established at the beginning of the year, and in the light of the current situation, one step will be taken to strengthen the “three optimizations” and accelerate the “three transformations” and to promote a growth rate of more than two digits throughout the year. We believe that the measures proposed by the company are always centred around distributors and terminals, and are well targeted to stabilize the market.
Short-term disturbances do not change the long-term trend, and the goal of double-digit growth is expected to be achieved steadily throughout the year.
The price of the batch has now been restored from $890 to $910 after the savings. Given the current firm’s price stability, low stock pressure, the speed of delivery, the greater space for regulating and support for distributors, it is expected that the fluid will be less affected by the epidemic as a whole.
During the period, the company will move into a high-quality growth phase, with good potential in the high-end liquor market, benefiting from the gradual release of the dividend from the reform of the channel, the continued return of brand values, the continued refinement of the product matrix, and improved profit from the channel, maintaining the company's “growth” rating.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.