Active promotion of group purchasing operations to capture post-infection consumption opportunities - dynamic tracking of five grains (000858) (20200520): recent business briefings organized by the company in 2019 and the first quarter of 2020
The company proposes to seize compensatory consumption opportunities by means of retail loss syndicates, offline loss lines, and loss of old goods. The company’s sales grew steadily this year.
At last year's 1218th Congress, the company suggested that one of its core tasks for the year was corporate-level purchasing. This year, in the face of the epidemic, the company was faced with the end-of-the-end retail losses.
Buying is the main way to compensate for retail losses. The company will focus on the following important festivals of noon, Middle Autumn, and National Day, which will focus on the three aspects of consumer opinion leaders’ nurturing, grouping and hosting the in-house purchase of wine and group purchasing.
At the peak of the festival, the market echoed well before. The company's watch, Oyang Woo's sword, showed that 20% of this year's five grain sales are to be purchased by the group, and since the beginning of the year, the company has started to buy the group.
In addition, the company has issued a digital wine certificate project in March, and it is expected that the sale will be officially launched on 19th of this month; 3) new items will be lost.
At present, in addition to accelerating the development of 3,000-plus-priced products, the company will also be developing a package for the acquisition of jobs.
The expansion of new high-value, higher-value products actively compensates for the loss of sales of older products. We believe that the company is well prepared to take full advantage of compensatory consumption opportunities and that it will speed up the acquisition process, develop business online, and continue to promote product structural upgrading to enhance brand power.
Digital marketing, and more sophisticated management of the channels. By digitizing the channels in 2019, 89.6% transparency of the channels from the end was achieved, together with 129 unusual surveillance models, which allowed companies to have effective control over the movements and anomalies of the channels, as well as to deal with non-conforming traders and to have an order in the channels.
In addition to the improvements in the effectiveness of the 28th Street of Peace and Rixie, in Beijing's West Side, the company has been promoting the construction of a new retail system for digitalization of the 5 grain stores and the 15th floor of the Shanghai International Centre.
In order to balance the guaranteed amount, the number 1,000 has been raised continuously.
The plan, the quota, and the management of the shipment have been implemented accordingly, and now that the company's product has been approved at a higher price than Fukuwa Fukuwa in Shenzhen, the price of the Fukuda market has been stable and rising in the future.
According to the Chengdu China Free Trade Experiment, 70% of the terminal sales have been restored to normal levels, and it is expected that the terminal sales will be raised monthly.
Distributors provide feedback for one to two months and are in a healthy state. Considering the current price stability, low stock pressure, more space to regulate shipments, and stronger support for distributors, taking into account the company’s current approval of 17.B of the Central China Sea International Centre 177,
Five grain fluids are less affected by the epidemic as a whole. In the long run, companies will move into a long period of high-quality growth, with good potential in the high-end liquor market and greater potential for future growth, benefiting from the gradual release of the channel reform dividend, the continued return of brand values, the continued improvement of product matrices, and higher profit margins.
Maintain the company’s “additional” rating method, using legally compliant information, and produce the report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.