Continued deepening of reforms, clear path for the implementation of the “double-digit” growth - dynamic tracking of the five grains (000858) (20200601): recent general meeting of shareholders, general manager of the five grains group, chairman of the joint-stock company
From Chin, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Engineer Chen Lin, Deputy Managing Director Zou Tao, the company’s directors, supervisors and senior managers attended the meeting. The demand was gradually restored, and the path to the “two-digit” growth was clear.
Congress, at which the company stated that it would guarantee the return of the market by building the "four poles" and doing the "three jobs" since the beginning of May, where the main brand had sold more than 70 per cent of its normal level, with cutting-edge products and so on going beyond last year's level of the same period: 2) team capacity is gradually increasing. Either "no one-size-fits-all" or "two"
Controls go faster at one time, or "depressure, triple loss." They're all a team that's doing a lot of good: 3) business confidence is gradually recovering. Products are always sold at a price during the current round, and business confidence is stronger than in previous years: 4) control is further enhanced. Through digital empowerment, companies are delivering goods, distributing plans, etc.
Auyang Woo's sword has been strengthened: 5) the advantage of wine has been highlighted. The high-end brand has recovered significantly since May, and many businesses are competing for power of attorney, and wine will be the first to get out of the epidemic.
The digital transformation continues to deepen, and marketing reforms are moving forward. Through digitalization in 2019, the company’s digital architecture is now in place, and this year the company will further fine-tune the framework in its data.
On the basis of this accumulation, marketing capacity will be enhanced through data analysis, and the company will be able to provide access to and end of the new digital retailing system at the VFL and the online Digital Wine Certificate project. At the same time, corporate marketing reform has been steadily advancing, as companies have done in the past.
It was proposed that part of the retail losses would be covered through the power group purchase channel, which had reached more than 3,000 orders between the beginning of the year and April, and that the group purchase channel would be opened well. The product matrix would continue to improve and brand value would continue to rise.
In addition to the 501 high-end products, the 3000+ product will be launched to improve the product matrix and enhance brand value; in the case of wine series, the company will build on the streamlining of brand lines by building business confidence and placing 28 West Avenue Peace in Beijing West Side.
The resources are tilted towards capable businesses, the scarcity of agency power, and the further improvement of the quality of the series of wines The 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, which focuses on four strategic brands (five grains, five grains, five grains, five grains, five grains of ol, and cutting edges).
In order to balance the guaranteed amount, the pre-five grains present a corresponding initiative for planning, quota, and shipping management, and the company's product is now priced at a higher price than the previous one.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, who is a tax-free trader, will remain stable and stable in the future. From April’s marketing campaign, the Sichuan Free Trade Experiment will be a success for China.
Look, 70% of the terminal sales have been restored to normal levels, and it is expected that the terminal sales will be raised monthly.
Distributors ' feedback is currently available for one to two months and are healthy. Given the current firm’s stable prices, low stock pressure, more space to regulate the speed of shipments, and greater support for distributors, it is expected that the five grains will be less affected by the epidemic as a whole.
The company will move into a long period of high-quality growth, with good potential in the high-end liquor market and greater potential for future growth. The company’s “uptake” rating will be maintained.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.