Food beverages of 5 grains (000858) Increased prices, leading to high performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company achieved revenue of $50.1 billion in 2019, equal to +25 per cent, net profit for mothers of $17.4 billion, same to +30 per cent: 19q4 and net profit for mothers of +21 per cent and +25 per cent, respectively, with a proposed gold dividend of $22 (including taxes) per 10 shares. 2020q1 achieved revenue of $20.2 billion, equal to +15 per cent,
A net profit of $7.7 billion, or +19 per cent, for the mother, meets market expectations. Quantities rise, leading to higher performance. High-priced liquor revenues of $39.7 billion, or +31 per cent, is estimated to be about five grains of fluid, benefiting from flattening and downgrading of marketing channels, initial success in marketing reform, and rising prices.
High-performance growth. Low-middle-priced series of alcohol revenues of $6.6 billion, corresponding to 12%, mainly corporate cuts for series of alcohol, cleaning up of sku, focus on 4+4 products, and an increase of 1.4 percentage points in the Māori rate, with early results. Cost rates are flat, profitability increases, and cash flows are more affected by seasonal and tax fees. 2019 and 20q1:
The overall cost rate was almost equal, with sales rates increasing by 0.5 and 1.3 percentage points, respectively. This was mainly the result of the Department ' s increased channel support in 19 to fine-tune management and access and consumer clearance, with management rates falling by 0.5 and 1.0 percentage points, respectively; and the Māori rate increased by 0.7 and 0.8 percentage points, respectively, mainly as a result of products.
At the end of 20q1, pre-receivables amounted to $4.8 billion, i.e. 1.7 per cent, cash inflows into business activities amounted to $13.1 billion, i.e. 27 per cent, and partial repayments were made until the spring of 20 years before the fall of 20 years.
Cash inflows were 64.6 billion yuan, compared to 37 per cent, while taxes and charges were paid at $9.2 billion (deferred taxes), an increase of $4 billion over 19q1, resulting in negative net cash inflows into business activities.
No change. Beginning in January/April, with the resumption of work and the recovery of the catering end, end-marketing gradually resumed. According to grass-roots research, business and gift consumption recovered by 30-50 per cent in the Sichuan, Henan, Jiangsu and Hunan regions. Right, under 20 per cent in the feast category, 50-70 per cent in the five-food liquid terminals, and the bulk price remained stable and stable.
In the case of the epidemic, the company has introduced targeted measures to help distributors address the financial and inventory pressures in the light of the epidemic and market marketing conditions; at the same time, it has accelerated around “two controls”, which have been fast-tracked, retailed, grouped, and enhanced resource investment and fine-tuning management.
The growth targets have not been reduced, and recent corporate management has been studying the market frequently, combining problems with channels, stocks and distributors, targeting, controlling the right price and guaranteeing profit from the channel; at the same time, high-end white wine competition is optimal and the valuation system is expected to rise.
In the medium-to-long term, sub-high-end wines have benefited from economic growth and the upgrading of consumption structures, and the logic of sustained growth has led to a high performance of 70.2 billion yuan and 83 billion yuan, with a net return to the mother of 20.4 billion yuan, 25.5 billion yuan and 31.1 billion yuan, respectively.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.