China Sea Oil (600938). Cost control is excellent, and capital expenditure has increased its contribution to the production of China Sea Oil.
Hong Kong Investment Holdings (HKIC) in trade operations. Its operations include regular hydrocarbon operations, shale oil and gas operations, oil sand operations and stocktaking: oil prices increased in the third quarter compared to the first half of the year, and barrel costs were regulated in the first three quarters.
Other non-conventional oil and gas operations. The exploration and production divisions are involved in the exploration, exploitation and production of products such as crude oil, gas.
The Principality maintains its policy of reducing production and rebounds in international oil prices. The average oil price achieved by the company is $76.84/b., mainly in China, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, Nigeria, and China.
Of this amount, oil prices of $83.20 per barrel were achieved in the third quarter, an increase of 13.10 per cent compared to the first half of the year. Companies operated in markets such as Indonesia and Brazil.
Highlights for the next three to six months: current operating income of $114.8 billion, or 21.6 per cent ring growth; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, with strong growth in oil and gas production and firm performance in the future.
Net oil production amounted to 499.7 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the company achieved a net production of 167.8 million barrels of oil equivalent in the third quarter, with a slight decline of 0.06 per cent in the ring, up from the same year, as well as increases in production from the offshore Guyana liza II and the Brazil Buzios oilfields.
There has been a steady rise in volume, a moderate shock in crude oil prices, and firm’s future performance has been more certain. Total equity/currenta shares (millions of shares) have moved forward in an orderly manner, capital expenditure has increased the volume of boosted reserves, and the company’s future growth is worthwhile.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company obtained eight new discoveries and successfully evaluated 21 oil- and gas-bearing structures and other projects in an orderly manner. The first three quarters, the construction of the capital expenditure project, which was about 89,460 million yuan, increased by 20 billion yuan before the adjustment, will increase the company’s investment, accelerate capacity-building, and upgrade the survey.
Developing the volume of work to protect future reserves and productivity growth, and growing up to be expected. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We look forward to a robust future of oil prices with high storage space, high cost-control capacity, stability of performance, sustained projections, company revenue 2023-2025
(1) The risk of changes in international political and economic factors: (2) the risk of fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas prices; (3) the risk of exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange controls; and (4) the risk of forward judgement of hydrocarbon prices and actual deviations.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, University of Gangan, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of investment research experience, 2015-2018.
Research Assistant Introduction Mau Wenjun, Research Assistant, Energy Industry, Ph.D., Visiting Scholar, Cornell University, United States of America 2019-2020, for biomass energy. 2022 plus
The EPs cover mainly research in the fields of energy extraction and transformation, non-ferrous metals, carbon neutrals, and so on. The researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.