On October 24, 2023, China's China Sea Oil published a company's three-quarterly report for 2023, which was published by the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In the last three quarters, the Division achieved business income of $30,681.7 million, a decrease of 1.39 per cent in the same year; and in 1. China Sea Oil Company Stocktaking: Scarcity, Beyond Expectations! 2023.8.18. China Sea Oil Company Stocktaking: Scarce Assets Revealed!
The company achieved an improvement in the price of oil & barrel oil costs: in the third quarter of 2023, influenced by factors such as additional production cuts in the Saudi and other Oec+ countries and geo-conflicts, international oil price shocks. 3. China Sea Oil Company Stock Review: Proves that there are high levels of innovation and scarcity
In the first three quarters of the year, the main cost of barrel oil was $28.37 per barrel, a decrease of 6.34 per cent over the same period.
Oil and gas production has steadily increased, and companies will perform with certainty in the future: companies have responded positively to the call to increase production in storage, and oil and gas production has increased steadily. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company produced 49,970 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 8.28 per cent over the same period, including domestic oil and gas production.
In addition, overseas oil and gas production increased by 11.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of increases in production such as the Guyana liza II project and the Brazilian buzios oilfield. Corporate oil and gas production rose steadily, accompanied by high-level shocks in crude oil prices, and the firm’s future performance was more certain.
By increasing the capital expenditure budget, the company's future growth is to be expected: by the first three quarters of 2023, the company increased its capital expenditure budget for the entire year of 2023 to 28-2 in the middle of 2023, with the exception of the Buzios 5 project in Brazil, where 9 new projects were launched in 2023.
The oilfield secondary adjustment project and the 12-3 oil field development project were also well under way in the third quarter, while other new projects were well under way, and the company’s future growth was to be expected. We looked forward to the steady performance of the future company, with a strong oil price centre, sustaining it.
(1) The pace of production of oil and gas fields is not as high as expected; (2) the supply and demand of crude oil is abnormally disturbed; (3) the impact of energy policies and sanctions on business operations: (4) exchange rate risk.
On 24 October 2023, China Sea Oil released the company ' s three-quarter report for 2023, which stated that the company had achieved business income of 30,681.7 million yuan in the first three quarters, a decrease of 1.39 per cent in the same year, and net return profit of 97,645 million yuan, a decrease of 10.23 per cent in the same year. Of this, the third quarter of 2023 was affected by additional production cuts in the Saudi and other optc-plus countries, as well as land conflicts, and international oil prices were shaken.
All right, 2023q3 Brent crude oil futures prices averaged $85.83 per barrel, a 12.48 per cent decrease over the same period. The company achieved a crude oil price of $76.84 per barrel in the previous three quarters, of which q3 achieved a crude oil price of $83.20 per barrel, and crude oil prices are expected to support the company’s future performance by sustaining medium-high shocks.
Figure 3: Brent ' s crude oil futures settlement price (US$/barrell) The company has always focused on reducing efficiency gains and good cost control, with the company ' s main cost of barrel oil in the first three quarters of 2023 at $28.37 per barrel, a decrease of 6.34 per cent over the same period.
The company responded positively to the call for increased storage, with a steady increase in oil and gas production. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company explored capital for gas fields to increase the company's reserves and output.
Increases, with total company oil and gas production reaching 49,970 million barrels of oil equivalent in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 8.28 per cent over the same period. In addition to Brazil ' s Buzios5 project, 9 new projects in 2023 are currently under way.
1) The pace of production of oil and gas fields is not as high as expected: oil and gas fields are a long process from exploration to exploitation, in which delays in the production of oil and gas fields may occur. 2) The supply and demand of crude oil are abnormally disturbed: changes in the situation in the Russian Federation, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the advancement of the Iran nuclear agreement and the Venezuelan sanctions
Dismantling geopolitical events such as these or creating uncertainty at the supply end, coupled with the possibility of oil companies modifying their production plans when crude oil prices remain high, and the Fed’s strong interest or dollar-led index, which is usually negative in relation to crude oil prices, is likely to increase interest rates or to disturb crude oil prices.
3) Impact of energy policies and sanctions on business operations: companies have a large volume of offshore hydrocarbon assets, offshore hydrocarbon assets development and production are governed by local energy policies, assuming that the energy policies of the countries in which hydrocarbon assets are located change or have an impact on business operations; trade and economic sanctions resulting from the deterioration of relations between different countries may affect intra-industry enterprises,
While existing assets or future investments have a significant negative impact, different levels of federal, state or local government in the United States impose varying degrees of economic sanctions on certain countries or areas and their residents or designated governments, individuals and entities. If the United States Department of Commerce puts companies on the list of entities in the month, or has some negative impact on their engagement in international trade.
4) Exchange rate risk: Global crude oil prices are denominated mainly in United States dollars and companies have some of their assets in overseas markets, but public financial statements are usually denominated in renminbi, if there is a significant fluctuation in the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar, or if the exchange rate for the company accounts for the company ' s performance.