20233, a robust performance, capital expenditure upscaling program contributed to a double increase in production of China ' s sea oil (600938.sh) incident: on the evening of 24 October 2023, China ' s sea oil released its third quarter report for 2023.
In the third quarter, the company achieved business income of $30,681.7 million, a decrease of 1.39 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother 2023q3, subject to structural changes in oil and gas production, lower gas prices, small increases in barrel oil costs, \triangleright
The net profit increase is less than the increase in the price of oil.) In terms of production, 20203, the company ' s combined oil and gas production was 167.8 million barrels of oil equivalent.
The development of coal-bed gas in the eastern South China Sea and the East China Sea, with oil liquids equal to +5.90 per cent, China Sea Oil (600938.sh): high oil prices + low valuation + 2 prices, 20203, Brent oil prices averaged $85.92 per barrel, achieved by the company on average
High dividends continue to be paid, China Sea oil rises to historical opportunity. US$/barrel, down from US$ 4.74/barrel rings in the second quarter; average gas price achieved. China Sea Oil (600938.sh): How can China China China Sea oil be estimated?
With respect to the cost of " 2201 Prospective + Special Interest in 21, High Oil Price + 3) " , in the first three quarters of 2023, the company ' s barrel oil cost was $28.37 per barrel, a small increase from 2023h1, with increases in taxes other than income tax, mainly driven by higher oil prices, and
Increased operating costs due to the upscaling of the oil and gas situation. \triangleright 2022q3 performance forecast, with a strong focus on the offshore oil and gas taps
The company achieved capital expenditure of $32,947 million, and in the first three quarters of 2023, the company realized capital expenditure, which is expected to be $30,544-405.4 million. We believe that the upward adjustment in capital expenditure will help build capacity and sustain the release of output, while substantial growth in capital expenditure during the development phase is expected.
The company Quality Maritime Oil and Gas Company, Values and Growth Co-operation is planning a hedging operation for oil and sand production and oil trade in 2024.
\triangleright, 2302 Production Growth Supposing Oil Price Volatility, Resource Growth and High Trade in Oil and Sand Products is highly sensitive to Market Price Volatility, and Companies are responsible only for oil and sand.
A subsidiary trading in oils hedges against market price volatility through futures and derivatives trading. Companies are engaged in hedging business plans for oil sand production subsidiaries up to 90% of the total year ' s production, and in hedging operations for oil trading subsidiaries.
The plan is not to exceed 80% of the size of the trade throughout the year.
Cindasecuritiesco. ltd not more than $540 million, all of which is a guarantee for production and trade hedging operations.
The oil price hub is expected to remain strong. Since July 2023, the extra \triangleright cut in Saudi and Russian production began to begin, international oil prices rebounded rapidly, and early September, Saudi and Russian growth continued.
With the short-term clean-up of supply-side instruments, four factors have dominated the rapid drop in oil prices since October: a short-term turn-off in demand and supply games; a short seasonal downturn in demand for crude oil; and an increase in macroeconomic risk.
Market pessimism has re-emerged; the fourth is that the front futures market has maintained many days of overpurchase, adjusted to temporarily magnify volatility. With the outbreak of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict and the interwoven multi-emptive factors of macroeconomics and short-term demand, the current market has entered a more divisive phase, with broad-banded shocks becoming the norm in the near future.
Oil prices have been released and reversed relatively fully in terms of short-term demand risks, and in the medium to long term, demand for crude oil has continued to grow, and the pattern of crude oil supply has not changed. The escalation of the conflict between the Gaza Strip and Israel could press on the supply end of the crude oil supply, reaching the peak of the winter heating season after November.
The United States plans to replenish its strategic reserves of not more than $79 per barrel of crude oil, or it will stimulate oil prices to generate momentum. Thus, we still see the continuation of the oil boom, and we expect oil prices to remain strong in 20234 and 2024.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net profits for the company in 2023-2025 to be 7.29, 6.94 and 6.71 times, respectively, for a share in \triangleright, h for a share in inventory.
The company benefits from a relatively high price and production of crude oil at the bottom of the cycle and is clearly below industry levels and enjoys high dividends, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company’s a and h shares.
Risk factors: economic volatility and downside risk of oil prices; not as fast as expected of companies to increase production; \triangleright economic sanctions and geopolitical risks.
On 24th, the Hong Kong yuan to the renminbi exchange rate was 0.9174 Sink energy research team profile. Hwang Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China Geology and Mineral Economics Society.
Member of the Board of Experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey Development, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice on hundreds of topics, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Scientific Society for the Environment of China ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific and Technical Committee on Carbon Sino-Carbon. He was an expert and assistant director of China ' s Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China ' s Energy Outlook 2060 book;
In March 2023, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the field of large energy and is responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Sub-Society of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for coal, coal mine intelligence, Australasia National University, Master of Finance, Southwest University of Finance, Bachelor of Finance, July 2022, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for coal, Wu Bering, and Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for energy and energy conservation and environmental conservation, July 2022.
Liu Po, a major management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research on large energy sectors such as coal, electricity and natural gas.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, has been involved in electricity market reform, virtual power plant applications, etc. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, undertaking research in the electricity sector. Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Science, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Research in the natural gas and electricity sectors. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.