Three-quarter performance benefits from higher oil prices, with a steady increase in production from higher reserves, and the third-quarter performance of petrochemical oil and gas ii. According to company announcements, the company achieved a camp in the first three quarters of 2023.
Industry revenues of $30,681.7 million, a decrease of 139%, and net return returns of $97,645 million, a decrease of 7.07%. Companies partly offset the impact of lower oil prices this year through higher production.
A total of 499.7 million barrels of oil equivalent was achieved, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the same period, of which 154.1 million barrels of oil were produced overseas net, an increase of 11.8 per cent over the same period. The main incremental contribution was from the Guyana Liza II project and Brazil ' s 52-week maximum/minimum price.
Buzios oilfield; net domestic production of 345.5 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 6.7% over the same period, mainly from the development and production of exploration for new projects that boost the capital expenditure budget. The company’s 2023 upgrades and the production of additional reserves provide a fundamental guarantee.
In the third quarter, the company obtained two new discoveries and successfully evaluated seven oil- and gas-containing structures. Of these, China’s maritime area successfully gained 26-6 north of Huezhou, and continued to expand its mid-level reserves. In terms of production development, there were three new projects in the first three quarters of 2023.
In the third quarter, the secondary readjustment project and the 12-3 oil field development project in the mid-28-2 South oil field were successfully launched. The main costs of the barrel oil in the first three quarters were well regulated, and the company’s cost advantages in the industry were consolidated.
China Sea Oils (600938.sh) - Operating the administrated sea-based oil and gas giants combined with exchange rate changes, with barrel oil operating costs falling by 7.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and 15.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis with taxes other than income tax, as a result of falling oil prices.
Based on high operating oil prices and firm long-term robust performance, a “buy-in” rating is maintained. The company’s performance in the last three quarters has steadily increased, with the increase in production being partly offset by lower-than-average oil prices.
At the macro level, the Central Bank of Europe and the United States maintained the interest-raising process, and the global economic downward pressure persisted; China’s economy continued to recover.
But the base still needs to be consolidated in response to the slow growth in global demand for crude oil. The supply side, with the major oil-producing countries, Saudi Arabia and Russia, maintaining their policy of reducing production, has raised market concerns about the supply of crude oil, and the Palestinian-Israeli conflict has raised concerns about the supply of crude oil. International oil prices rebounded during the year, with the average price of Brent crude oil standing at 81.96 in the first three quarters of 2023.
At the end of the oil and gas revenue, affected by the downside of international oil prices, companies achieved an average oil price of $76.84 per barrel, or 24.2 per cent, which is largely consistent with the trend in international oil prices; the average rate achieved was $7.92 per kilogramen.
In the last three quarters of 2023, net oil and gas production by companies reached 499.7 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the same period.
The company achieved a net output of 167.8 million barrels of oil equivalent in the third quarter, with an increase in the same proportion.
In the third quarter, the company obtained eight new discoveries and successfully evaluated 21 oil- and gas-containing structures. In the third quarter, the company obtained two new discoveries and successfully evaluated seven oil- and gas-containing structures. Of these, China's maritime area successfully gained a new medium-sized discovery of 26-6 north of Huezhou and continued to expand the size of its mid- and deep-level reserves.
A total of three new projects were successfully launched, and other new projects are steadily moving forward. In the third quarter, the secondary adjustment project for the south-central 28-2 oilfields and the development of the 12-3 oil fields were successfully launched. In the area of natural gas, the company also launched a deep coal field in the capital, adding more than 100 billion geological reserves.
In the first three quarters, the main costs of barrel oil were well regulated, and the firm’s industry’s cost advantages were consolidated. The cost of barrel oil operations fell by 7.0% per year in the first three quarters of 2023, as a result of a combination of growth in corporate output and exchange rate changes.
With the exception of income tax, there has been a 15.1% decline in the same year, with companies cutting costs through exploration, development, production, and actively promoting technological and managerial innovation to enhance competitive cost advantages. After many years of efforts, the Department has built and consolidated a competitive cost advantage in the industry, with barrel oil costs far lower than comparable companies in the same industry.
In the fourth quarter of 2023, crude oil prices will remain at the higher range of $80-90 per barrel in 2024. The supply of crude oil has recently been tight under a voluntary extension of the production reduction agreement promoted jointly by Shaft and Russia. At the demand end, the demand for crude oil was 104.31, 102.33, 102.8 million barrels per day in 2024, compared to 2024.
We also believe that there is a possibility that international oil prices will continue to rise in the fourth quarter, and that crude oil prices will be running in higher areas next year. Under high oil prices, China’s sea oil will be more resilient.
Investment Recommendations: According to the company announcement, we expect that over the next five years the company will maintain a robust long-term performance and maintain a “buy-in” rating by securing performance through continuous upscaling and the advantages it achieves at the cost end. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author