China Sea Oil (600938.sh) Guyana Payara Project, which has produced a record high production of oil fields in the sea.
According to the official China Sea Oil Public Information, on 15 November 2023, China Ocean Oil Co. Ltd. announced the Payara project, which has been at its highest level in more than 50 years of development.
(b) The Guyana Payara project was launched on 15 November and is expected to reach a peak of 220,000 barrels per day in 2024, with significant potential for exploration and exploitation in the future in the Stabroek block where the project is located, with 25 per cent of China's maritime oil interests; and (3) the company owns the largest marine oil field in the country: the Seafield.
From 2019 to 2022, the daily production of crude oil from the Japanese oil fields rose to become the country's largest crude oil production base, while at the same time promoting exploration and exploitation of gas from the two-high oil fields, digging new routes out of the “double-high” oil fields, where oil and gas production reached 100,000 tons per day in recent days, the highest level ever recorded.
According to company announcements, on 15 November, China Ocean Oil Company Limited announced the safe commissioning of the Payara project. The Payara project is located in the stabroek block of Guyana, with one fpso (a floating oil storage unit) and 41 underwater wells.
The third fps0, which became operational after phase II and phase II, was completed in China and Singapore and arrived in Guyana in April 2023 at a moored water depth of about 1930 metres and designed to store about 2 million barrels of oil. The project is expected to reach a peak of 220,000 barrels per day in 2024. *The company has 25 per cent interest in the Guiana Stabroek block, which has great potential for future exploration and development.
China has 25% interest in the Guiana Stabroek block, 45% interest in ExxonMobil and the operator, and 30% interest in Hess. Currently, Guyana Stabroek projects in oilfields include Liza I, Liza II, Payara, and three projects in 2019, 2022, and 2023 respectively. The average daily production of Liza I and II was higher than expected, reaching 380,000 barrels of oil equivalent, Payara project
According to the operator, the total amount of available resources in the Guiana Stabroek block is about 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Given the special nature of the reservoir in the block, the cost of development is low, and the profit/loss balance for each field project is between $25 and $35 per barrel, with no significant cost advantage.
From 2019 to 2022, the oil production of the oil fields went up, building the country’s first crude oil production base and the country’s second largest oil and gas field.
At the same time, Pang Sea oilfields have responded positively to national energy security requirements, and have vigorously promoted the exploration, discovery and large-scale exploitation of natural gas in our country, leading to a “stable increase” in natural gas production from a “slow rise” in the past. Since the beginning of the year, Pang Sea oilfields have focused on stabilizing old oil fields, accelerating new ones, breaking the “low margins” and intensifying natural gas, strengthening their organization and optimizing their livelihoods.
Production operations, enhanced on-site management, improved safeguards have ensured sustainable growth in crude oil production of “90-to-10” and natural gas production, and “two-high” oil fields have dug out of new routes, while sea-breathing oil production is on a new stage. At present, the Pang Sea oil fields are pushing ahead with the construction of major projects such as the first 100 billion atmospheric fields in the sea, the Pang-Cung-Tanji oil field power project, and continuing with the 40 million tons of major technology-specific cuts and results.
China’s sea oil and gas production has increased rapidly, with high-quality global oil and gas field resources, and companies have been able to increase production through continuous storage, full-process cost control, and technology.
Innovation, for example, sustains the industry’s leading cost advantage. With growing production, both within and outside the company, the company’s profits will continue to grow, with high oil prices expected to remain high and shocks in 2024, adding to the firmness of the firmness of the firmness of the firm “risks of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; risks of natural disasters; risks of new projects falling short of expectations; geopolitical risks; and policy risks.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject