Precision (002475.ch): Consumption electron robust growth, data centres and cars growing faster
• Re-affirmation of a well-informed “buy-in” rating: an elaborate announcement guides the business opportunities for the parent to return to net profit in 2025 are expected to grow considerably, while the other sideai is expected to have significant opportunities in the second half of next year.
More integration, and more certainty about the fundamentals of next year’s growth. At this point, the top-secret collection of RMB96.4 billion, an increase of 31% and an increase of 54% over the previous year.
The increase in the Māori rate is due to the high-quality growth in automobile and data centre operations and the higher-than-expected increase in the M&A of Lenny. The company’s operating profits and net profits in the third quarter were $5.026 billion and $4.87 billion, respectively, with a strong growth in the same ring.
In the course of the year, there will still be strong growth dynamics in the three operations of consumer electronics, automobiles, and data centres.
Consumer electronics, computers, automobiles, communications and industry and other businesses in 2025, investment risk: macroeconomic and policy volatility. Demand for consumer electronics such as smart phones has grown considerably. There has been a weak increase in domestic and foreign sales of new energy vehicles. Competition in the industry has intensified again.
The growth of communications, such as the one-server, is weaker than expected. Corporate diversification, with greater investment in business, drags off performance. The integration and synergy of acquisitions is weaker than expected.
Promising and pessimistic scenarios for the international spob international spob international spob international spdbi
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected
(a) Growth in end demand, such as smart phones, new energy vehicles, servers, etc.
(b) Increased competition in the industry and pressure on the company's Māori ratio: higher investment in new business, leading to poor performance.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Group Information and other publicly available information of the Cards Group, which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) (Systems Trading) and the Fourth (Providing Comments on Securities) Group-Poo-Silver International Securities Company Ltd. (collectively “Poo-Silver International Securities”). All information is collected from persons considered to be unauthorized.
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters and shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any of the transactions covered in this report.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not make any investment, withdrawal or other financial decisions or actions based solely on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements, with multiple risks and uncertainties, in addition to statements of historical data.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Poo-Bing’s international securities. Poo-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described in this report or related companies, and may from time to time be bought or sold.