Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 31 October 2025, Quarterly Report 2025 and Third Quarterly Report 2025
The Division has largely completed the acquisition of Lenny-related assets, known as Teodm/oem assets, and has contributed to their realization through initiatives such as direct integration, resource sharing, intellectual manufacturing empowerment and business system optimization.
Improved business surfaces; at the same time, companies continue to contract deep electronics, communication and data centres, and automobiles, three major business plates that are driven by an “in-house extension” strategy. The consumer electronics sector is undergoing a process of intellectualization at the end of the ai, and large model technologies are becoming increasingly available, both within and outside the country.
In the context of the surge in demand for high-precision, miniaturization, multifunctional integration of sophisticated zero components, which has led to the outbreak growth of smart terminals such as ai cellular phones, ai notebooks, ar/vr devices, the public has accumulated and vertically integrated advantages based on technology such as sound, light, electricity, dispersive heat, radio frequency, structural elements, etc.
The communications and data centre business plate, which benefits from the growth in global generation of ai-applications, the ai-services and data centre infrastructure development into a high-speed expansion phase, market-to-high-speed light power interconnections, and high-speed optics.
The demand for heat management and power solutions is very strong, and companies have succeeded in achieving key points of technological upgrading in the cape industry through vertical integration in the areas of high-speed interconnection technology, photovoltaic technology and heat management, with the products in question gaining important commercial cooperation from domestic and external cloud service providers and equipment manufacturers.
The motor business plate, the “new quadruple” of the automobile industry, the intelligent cabin and the high-level auto-drive, the rapid increase in penetration and the significant increase in the value of the bicycles. The company relies on “part parts-modules-systems.”
Three levels of manufacturing capability developed to successfully enter core components such as smart pods, smart assistive driving, power systems and smart chassis, starting with the full-line beam, connector base; and one-driven by balanced development of three major business plates, both within and outside the sea
Deep collaboration with well-known mainframes and deep integration and resource sharing with the Lenny Group, continued optimization of the client structure of the automobile business and steady escalation of product orders as the company's future development of two rounds of intelligent manufacturing upgrades and bottom-level capacity innovation.
Powerful energy, showing great potential for growth. Market demand is not as high as expected; market competition is too high; cost-side controls are not as high as expected; geopolitics uses information on legal compliance, and the present report is produced independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.