The company reviews the construction of the house, and it's growing steadily, and it's making a lot of progress.
Events: The company published its annual report for 2023. According to the sub-operations, housing, infrastructure and design survey operations were newly signed at $2.69 trillion, $1.17 trillion, real estate at $451.4 billion, an increase of 12.4 per cent, and 18,58 million in contract sales.
The total value of the company ' s new construction projects was 1.11 trillion yuan, an increase of 14.3 per cent, with a small increase in the Māori rate for housing, infrastructure, survey design and a marked improvement in cash flow. The company ' s combined Māori rate in 2023 showed a relative depth of 300 per cent.
Market openings have been stepped up to accelerate progress in project compliance, with a steady increase in the scale of performance. In 2023, the Department ' s net operating cash flow inflows were 11.13 billion yuan, or 188.1 per cent more than in 2023, mainly as a result of stronger cash flow management by companies, increased payments for works and home purchases during the period.
The company has taken the initiative of studying the layout of the city, operating new markets, participating deeply in the construction of the “Three Projects” and building a number of major projects in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, etc., and investing more than $65 billion in three urban renewal projects in Guangzhou.
In 2023, a new contract of $186 billion, or 12.3 per cent, was signed for the company ' s offshore operations, resulting in a number of priority projects in the areas of medical facilities, industrial plants, orbital traffic, road bridges, etc., which took over from the Hong Kong Kaide New Emergency Medical Institute (Sitea), the Macao Light Track East Sector Design and Construction Company, and the extension of the Singapore Metro Trans-Island Line.
Line p p 103, Emirates high-rise residences in Kavalikasa, Eastern Hill Precision Thai Dragon Inflammation Park, Hassa, China Construction _ Construction _ Capital Order is growing fast, and is now the first stage of a railway in the city of Astana.
The Itihad Railway Phase II (a) project, the Dubai Opera House, the Dubai Damak Canal City (b) and many other projects were delivered centrally, and the main Ivorian transport infrastructure project, the Abidjan 4 Bridge, was officially launched. trillion yuan, an increase of 6.84 per cent, 7.73 per cent and 8.68 per cent, respectively, compared with the previous year, resulting in net profit for mothers of 58,627 million.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.