q1 performance is steady and the epidemic is not changing product rotation trends.
Given that q1 is a year-round low season, the company's collection ring is only 4.3% lower than 2021q4, and the growth of the core network product order supports the low season at the end. At the profit end, the company's 2022q1 Māori rate is 26.0%, and the same circle pct is disturbed by a variety of factors, such as the spring break, the fee billing, etc.
To a certain extent, logistics transport is hampered, and companies are expected to produce in an orderly manner through such measures as closed-ring management, and operating teams support customers’ needs with the stock of finished products and the Yellowstone area. In terms of product structure, the core network, the order of products on its side, and automobile-type products are expected to boost the profits as intelligent development and the cost of raw materials decreases.
• Continuous implementation of differentiated competition strategies, card core networks and auto electronics applications. Corporate card servers and car pcb markets are expected to grow faster than industry as a whole in the future. According to Prismark, the combined market growth rate for server/data storage products is estimated at 10.0 per cent in 2021-2026, and automobiles are expected to grow at a combined rate of 10.0 per cent.
pcb market compound growth rate of 7.5%. In the digital field, 400g exchange products have been produced in bulk, Pre800g, Corporate Information Update Report 2021 External Disturbations, small volume of products; in the electronics area of cars, 4d vehicle-mounted radar, autopilot domain controller, smart seat area control
Increased, 2022 high-end products restarted growth. - Producers, products such as car-mounted gateways, etc., have achieved mass production; the company ' s 2021 priority research and development project, which expanded the production of high-speed interposer circuit boards, has helped to open up products in areas such as high-performance computing.
The company update report 2021 has passed, currency exchange losses and trade disputes have led to weak export orders.
Māori rate, waiting for improved cost of raw materials -