The project to build a plant in Thailand to promote the global industrial chain layout of the plant (002463.sz)
• The company's resolution on the construction of a Thai factory, the global layout of which caters to a large number of customers abroad and maintains a “buy-in” rating, the company's decision to invest some $280 million in new production bases in Thailand, and plans to purchase an area of approximately 300 acres of land for the production of a Thai base plant in Logana, the capital of Thailand.
The implementation of the construction of the Thai production base, with plant and plant inputs in two stages, production equipment in three phases, and production of a certain scale in the first half of 2025. The 2022q2 outbreak affected the logistics and production of the factory in Kunshan, resulting in short-term capital planning that alleviated market concerns about the company’s insufficient expansional momentum and maintained a “buy-in” rating.
• Strengthening geo-regional risk diversification strategies, and globalization has divided the advantages of Thailand’s e-business support services. The company intends to set up a plant in the city’s Logana Industrial Park, located north of Bangkok, while most of Thailand’s e-works are located in Bangkok, with a better geographical advantage.
It is the second largest computer hard drive exporter in the world, and Japanese firms such as Sony, Hittori, Mitsubishi, Matsumoto, and American firms such as ibm have factories in Thailand. The company is expected to be industrially compatible with the end-user’s ems electronic assembly plant while taking advantage of local manpower, taxes, land, plant, etc.
The new plant in Thailand will continue to be dominated by medium- and high-end generic products, and will be expected to take over orders from the Green Pine plant.
The car pcb market, where barriers to service and product certification are higher, is expected to maintain a steady profit and achieve excess profits during downstream product rotation. In the digital field, 400g exchanges have been produced in bulk, Pre800g, Corporate Information Update - q1 performance is stable.
In the area of auto-electronics, the company focuses on high-end automobile intelligence, 4d vehicle-mounted radar, hit, outbreak disturbance and the tendency not to alter products -- Automated field controllers, smart seat area controllers, etc., have achieved mass production. Companies serve overseas head plants.
Business, globalization is conducive to increased customer stickyness, and high-end product order towed company pcb is technologically advanced. Corporate Information Update Report 2021 External Disturbing Expectations, Exchange Losses, and Trade Disputes have led to weak export orders.
Core network equipment products become new kinetic energy -