Sustained performance, high slurry innovation, 21.27 per cent on a year-on-year basis and good growth in the main business; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $1.779 billion, a 5.35 per cent decline in the same year, mainly in investments recognized by the Gds Long-Term Equity Equity Act
In 2023, the sales of the main product, Silicon C, and imported proteins increased rapidly, and the Māori rate was stable. By category, the impact of the high figure of 4,935 million human haemoglobin harvests in 2023 was accompanied by changes in the structure of the company’s products (imports, agents).
The amount of slurry is good, and the number of slurry stations and the scale of slurry continue to be a national leader. The company's slurry peaked by 1,500 tons throughout the year, and the slurry is at an all-time high. The company has increased the drilling of the stock slurry stations and has increased the relative depth of 300 per cent.
In 2023, the company increased the number of slurry stations by adding three single plasma stations (the same road in Fong Town, Young-fu, Young-Foo, the single slurry company, and the single slamp at the canyon peaks, etc.) and distributed 44 slurry stations already in existence.
In 11 provinces, located in Guangxi, Hunan, Hainan, Shaanxi, Anhui, Guangdong, Utsun, Zhejiang, Hubei, Jiangxi, Shandong (Autonomous Region).
Therapeutic study, a request for a clinical trial for a 30 mg (1ml)/bottle) injection fluid in Les r 604, Shanghai, December 2023, approved for a drug clinical trial in March 2024. Sr 604 injection fluid is a human-sourced high affinity and a strong combination of living proteinsc, specific properties that inhibit human protein resistance.
The current routine preventive treatment for haemophilia, both domestic and foreign, is 2 to 3 blood injections per week or reorganisation of blood sources Coagulation factors, and Sr604 is to conduct a four-week trial of the clinical phase of hypothermia prophylactic treatment.
Pre-clinical research results have been published in the International Journal of Blood Research in the form of a cover article. To date, there are no products on the world market that match the target of the drug.
Investment proposals: The company continues to increase in the number of slurry stations and the amount of slurry, insisting on a two-wheel drive of “inner + outlier”
Downstream demand is less than expected; product sales are less than expected; and R & D is less advanced than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.