On June 18, Shanghai Lace issued an announcement on the progress of the transfer of shares in the company ' s shareholder agreement and the completion of the registration of the shares, completing the transfer of the shares on June 18, 2024.
On the same day, the company announced its exclusive agency agreement with Kilifor.
The Ninth Amendment and the General Agreement on Exclusive Strategic Cooperation.
Under the Purchase Agreement, the Hale Group or its designated related party is to agree to acquire 1,329 million shares of the company held in Kilifor, representing 20.00 per cent of the total stock of the company, with a transfer price of $12.5 billion for 16.7 per cent of the population. In 2023, there were five blood business plates in Shanghai, with a total of 43 slurry stations.
At home (in 41 camps), the slurry is more than 1,500 tons and is located in the first echelons of the blood industry in the country. Heil's homeowners are expected to expand their development, management, distribution, upstream and downstream chains, etc., in order to further open up the company to grow smallpox.
In the General Agreement on Strategic and Exclusive Co-operation, Kilifor and Haile have agreed to cooperate in depth in a variety of areas, including blood industry, agency, distribution, research and development, and joint research and development.
In addition to nucleic acid testing, biological sciences, diagnostics, cooperation interests in existing and future products have been tied.
Agreement was reached on the minimum annual quantity applicable for the period from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2028, which should apply to all products; in the following five years, the parties further agreed that the following five years would be due no later than six months before the end of 2028 for the period after 1 January 2029
The applicable minimum annual quantity shall be discussed and agreed in good faith, provided that the minimum annual amount shall not be less than the minimum annual number set out in this Agreement for 2028.
New product prices shall apply to the products in the order of day; after the expiry of that price, the parties shall consult on the new price applicable to the product, provided that the price of the product shall not be higher than the price of the product for the period 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2028. ]
Fortune world prices before delivery, and competitive prices in the market at that time. Over the next 10 years, Shanghai Lex's sole agent, Kilifor, has been able to achieve stability in its operations. Slipped volumes are below the expected risk; products are sold below the expected risk; and new products are not marketed as fast as expected.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.