Power-driven coal continues to go down and power-modified tap advantage.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2019: during the reporting period, it achieved revenue of 83.417 billion yuan, an increase of 0.88 per cent over the same period in the previous year; operating costs of $69.735 billion, a slight increase in settlement electricity prices and a significant improvement in marginal profits over the same period in the previous year.
During the first half of the year, the average price of electricity settled online at the company ' s operating power plants in China was $419.51/megawatt hours, an increase of 0.22 per cent over the same year; the cost of unit fuel sold at the company ' s power plants in the first half of the year was 223.81/megawatt hours, a decrease in the same year, as a result of the fall in coal prices.
5.57% of the total fuel cost incurred in the first half of the year was $47.318 billion, down from the same period in the previous year, due to a drop in total equity/flow (million shares). For example, the port of the island of Qin has 5,500 kilocalories of power coal at an average cost of $609 in January-June
While difficulties and restrictions on the import of coal have accumulated and dropped by less than expected, companies have pre-positioned preferential coal prices through prepaid bills and accounts, and closely followed policies and domestic and foreign coal markets.
The changes in the field, the strengthening of cooperation with competitive large-scale mines, and ensuring compliance by the LCJ coal, have significantly reduced the expected fall in cost-end prices by 2019.
In the second quarter of the year, the entire public power supply fell and the company produced less electricity than expected. The company had a power plant in 26 provinces and cities across the country, with controlled power generation as of 30 June 2019.
In the second quarter of 2019, the company combined power plants operating in China.
The production of 91,536 million kilowatt-hours (KWh) was completed in the reporting calibre, a decrease of 11.86 per cent in the same year; the production of 195,375 million kilowatt-hours (KWh) was completed by the operational power plants in the countries where the sales were completed, a decrease of 6.15 per cent in the same year; and the distribution of 158,832 million kilowatt-hours was reduced by 5.78 per cent in the same year.
At the same time, in terms of demand, in the first half of this year, the entire population spent 3398 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity, a 5% increase compared to the previous year, which was less than the 8.5% increase in electricity used in the previous year, and the overall increase in electricity consumption fell. And, starting in the second quarter of this year, the rainfall was very high, with electricity generating more than the national scale in the first half of the year.
This represents an increase of 11.8% over the same year, with water overflowing, electricity squeezed, and heat and electricity days that are difficult to increase, with more than 2448.7 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generated in the country, or 0.2% more than in the same year. With a sharp drop in the rate of electricity increase, the amount of electricity generated by the company has been significantly reduced.
China’s electricity conversion has ushered in a full-scale market-based trading era. Consider companies’ advantage in controlling fuel costs as leading companies of good quality.
In the first half of 2019, companies opened up 87,553 million squares of marketed tradable electricity, and the share of electricity traded in the market will continue to grow, and settlement prices may gradually decline.
Thus, on the one hand, it is expected that there will continue to be benefits for power enterprises with high demand for electricity, high market capacity and high-quality installed machinery; on the other hand, look at companies as poles of fire, and point to preferential coal prices in the pre-arrangement, to compensate for price reductions by reducing costs, the future fire market.
In the face of power-reshuffling, there will be a strong and powerful situation.
Pre-positioning of concessionary coal prices, based on, inter alia, accounts, to ensure compliance by the Association, significantly reduced the annual operating income of companies of $17,71, 18,37, 19.1 billion, net shareholdings of the parent company, 1. The price of power coal has fallen less than expected: 2; the overall consumption of electricity has not increased as fast as expected: 3,
Profit projections and financial indicators: Fuel end costs significantly improve profits, looking at the power coal ' s continuing downs and power-regeneration pole advantage
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report