Conlong was transformed into (300759.ch/3759.hk): 1q21 profit, Chu Xingjun doubled and the active layout gradually showed full business layout.
The income of 1q21 increased by 55 per cent to RMB 1.49 billion on a year-on-year basis, the net profit of the parent and the net profit of the deductible increased by 142 per cent and net profit of 96 per cent to 250 million and 240 million on a year-on-year basis, and net profit of the non-ifrs and the adjusted n-ifrs increased by 88 per cent and 86 per cent on a year-on-year basis, significantly exceeding market expectations.
Husawa cfa 1q21 showed a strong growth in performance. 1q21 income increased by 55 per cent to RMB 1.49 billion over the same period, and we expect to add to the low basis of the impact of the epidemic over the same period last year, owing to the rapid growth in the number of orders.
The net profit on maternity, the net profit on non-repatriation, and the adjusted net profit on non-non-ifrs on maternity is on par with the par, raising the net interest rate on maternity by 5.9 pcts. All three business plates maintain rapid growth, with a significant increase in the Māori rate. 1) Laboratory services
Revenues increased by 54 to 980 million yuan in the same year, the Māori rate increased by 1.7 pcts to 40.5 per cent in the same year, and are expected to increase by 51 to 300 million yuan in the same year, owing to the rapid growth in the volume of orders and the absorption cumulation.) cmc (small fraction cdmo) service income increased by 51 to 300 million yuan in the same year.
One (568 at the end of 2019), including the clinical iii and commercialization projects 47 and 3 (9 and 0 at the end of 2019), cmc plate Māori ratio increased by 4.3 pcts to 30.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a low base for the effects of the epidemic, which was compiled by the United Nations in June 2020.
Absortionsystemsystem expands United States laboratory services into molecular drugs, cgt therapy and medical equipment lines and not only increases cdmo operations at cgt, but also contributes at least 4 per cent if the abl merger is completed on the basis of income and net profit of 35 million and 2.6 million in 2019.
Income and 1% profit (in 2019 income and net profits of Pound40.65 million and Pound3.7 million). Increased efficiency in business will lead to more growth in the future, as synergies deepen.
E=bloomberg predicts e=bloomberg predicts that Pilgrim International is spobinternational
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected
(b) The company continues to actively engage in mergers and acquisitions to increase its total income better than anticipated.
The cmc business is growing rapidly and the capacity utilization is increasing, leading to a pessimistic scenario in the L.I.E.S.S.S.Spobinternational: the company is not growing as much as expected.
(b) The company continues to actively engage in mergers and acquisitions, making the total revenue grow better than expected.
The failure of the R & D project, causing loss of clients, affecting revenue, and the rapid growth of cmc operations, and the increase in capacity utilization, have led to the creation of a multi-year programme for the development of the global economy.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]