Three Rings: Together with Progeny and Precision, 2017 will be the year when the company's porcelain back-cap business will cross.
Our analysis and diagnosis: (i) strong union, $8.7 billion in cooperative investment to accelerate the application of oxidium oxide, ceramic backcaps
The 3Cs announced that they would invest in the long-sleeved and sophisticated porcelain project, with a cumulative total of $8.7 billion invested by the two companies over a six-year period, leading to the production of more than 100 million porcelains per year. The 3Cs invested a cumulative amount of $3.27 billion, compared with the initial investment.
15-20%. Three joint ventures have been established: (1) a limited public division responsible for the production and sale of ceramics and modules for smart terminals, with a total investment of $5.1 billion, 65% of the shares, 25% of the shares of the three rings and 10% of the shares of the other joint ventures. (2) tidal wave
State China Technology Ltd., responsible for the production and sale of ceramics and modules of smart terminals, with a total investment of $2.2 billion, with 44% of the stockholdings and 46% of the stockholdings of the three rings.
In the case of the joint venture between the two parties, first of all, the technology for the production and sale of three rings of ceramics and china in Tungzhou is based on the back-tracking of ceramics.
There's a clear division of labour between the two sides. Second, the three rings and the three shares are held in a joint venture with exclusive periods, the interests are tied in depth, you have me, and I have you. Third, in order to fully utilize and mobilize the core technology and cadres of the joint venture.
Motivation, the use of high-quality resources both within and outside the enterprise, and joint participation of other joint ventures in the establishment of joint ventures.
Since the beginning of the 5g era, ceramic appearances have become an important option for the non-metal material of the smart end. The oxidation back caps are popular among consumers with high pigmentation and high performance, but are not widely available because of cost and capacity constraints.
The back cover, especially Mimix, has been amazing in the market; apples, vivos, oppos, titanium, and other mobile phone manufacturers have become more interested in ceramic back-liding programmes, and as the industry's capacity rises and its output drops, they will join the ceramic back-up camp.
This three-ring group and the three-ring group, which are working together in great detail, are complementarities and are important for the industry’s productivity. The three-ring group’s advantage is that of powder and wool preparation, which makes the three-ring core process a cost and a good chance to lead the others.
The advantage is the back-processing of ceramics and the stickyness of cellular manufacturers. Three rings and long co-operation is extraordinary: one is the substantial expansion of the back-cap capacity to address the concerns of cellular producers about production capacity; the other is the rapid drop in the price of the back-up and the acceptance of the vendor.
Rapid upgrading; third, raising industry awareness of ceramic backcaps. Therefore, we believe that the cooperation between the two sides will accelerate the application of the porcelain oxidation porcelain at smart terminals. (See next page for comments.)
(ii) The tri-ring group has mastered the core technology of ceramic appearances, its power, its leadership, and the tri-ring group has been focusing on the development and production of advanced technology ceramic products for many years.
A core set of techniques for the preparation, formulation, burning, grinding, etc. of ceramic powder systems, and the use of pollinators. Institutional readiness captures high points, which is key to the division of the tri-ring group from other structural ceramic manufacturers.
With a high solid content and good hydrodynamic performance, the cost of the powder production is significantly lower than that of the competitor, which has been proven in the company's fibre-optic core operation. In addition, with a profound understanding of ceramics, the tri-ring group has prepared the hair under the oxidized ceramics and the subsequent processing.
As a result, the tri-ring group has been successful in supplying the rice – 5 versions, millix – and its oxygen, which is widely recognized by consumers as a front-loading advantage.
(iii) Co-operation with Progeny, which will be the year of the company's ceramics in 2017, the tri-ring group began research and development of the back caps of the oxidation ceramics a few years ago.
In 2016, three rings were successfully supplied with five versions of rice and milliix, followed by a widely recognized product by consumers, which can be described as the start-up year of three rings in the field of ceramic back-caps. In 2017, the tri-ring group worked together to advance the smart end-looking project, which was large.
We believe that this strong alliance, with a large increase in the production of ceramics, with a significant increase in good prices and a sharp drop in prices, is expected to result in several well-known mobile phone brands adopting the ceramic appliance program this year.
We expect a rapid release of ceramics in 2017, which will significantly increase the company’s performance. We see that the tri-ring group’s porcelain oxidized ceramics project is compatible with the smartphones non-gold.
The trend towards territorialization, accelerated national production replacement for ceramic envelopes, and rapid progress in other operations. Three rings have high barriers with low performance ratings, and we expect them to be in 2016/2017/2018.