Three rings: overperformance, material capacity, tricycle capacity (300408.sz) with excellent direct integration capability and porcelain recaps are to be expected
(i) Net profits forecast for 2016 are expected to remain above 20 per cent. Both real and non-retrieval increases are faster than market expectations. (ii) Fibre core reductions are stable, turning points appear, and concentration increases will benefit from industry dividends
In order to meet the dividends of the rapid growth of the fibre-optic core industry in the next few years, the company adopted a strategy of substantial price reductions to increase market share in the second quarter of 2016, with a sharper fall in the third quarter at the end of 2016 and a smaller drop in the fourth quarter.
Marketing unit prices are already lower than competitors’ costs, and the probability of subsequent price reductions is very low. From the Māori rate, where companies optimized costs significantly through very high material capacity and highly vertical integration, we judge that the Māori rate for light communication components, especially fibre-optic cores, is almost the same as before.
Over the last two years, the demand for fibre-optic cores has continued to grow significantly among operators. In the case of medium-moved light communications, the volume of optical circuitr purchases increased by 258% in 2016, and the demand for fibre-optic cores has risen slightly compared to the year when fibre-optic cores have grown; and the construction of the base stations needed for the future 5g network has increased significantly, with light.
By lowering prices, the company ' s market share in fibre-optic cores has increased from 50 per cent to more than 70 per cent at the beginning of the year, and is expected to increase again in 2017, with an increased concentration that will benefit from the industrial growth dividend. (iii) Recognition of the back caps of ceramic oxides has increased further, with 2017 surges and 2018 eruptions
We've seen that Mimix, Mi 5, and cell phones x ceramics have all adopted the ceramic backcap program, which has greatly increased recognition, and apples, which have used ceramics on their back caps, shells, and apples, which have also shown their recognition of ceramic materials. And we've also seen glass knots.
Building plants, metal-structural processing plants are all active in the development of post-ceramic processing, and we believe that, with the continuous increase in the use of oxidized porcelain powder, cooking capacity, post-processing capacity and good quality, the success rate of cellular cellular mining with the back caps of ceramics has increased further, and we have judged the porcelain program 2017 to be active, with an outbreak of 2018.
The tri-ring group will be identified as benefiting from the post-ceramic wave of mobile phones. The company accumulated 46 years of ceramic materials and plastic processing techniques, with a deep technological build-up in a variety of materials, especially oxidized porcelain powder. The company has significantly expanded the production capacity of ceramic after-ceramic powder and porcelains, which are expected to be in place by the end of 2017.
Millions of pieces of gross energy per month, both technologically and in terms of capacity and cost, can best be produced by companies. There are now several well-known mobile phone manufacturers working with companies that are expected to show elastic performance in 2017, with a strong harvest of 2018.
In addition, the company has made good progress in pkg ceramic envelopes, fuel cell diaphragm panels and is expected to grow significantly in 2017: the traditional backbone, matrix and connector endors will also grow steadily.