The company announces the signing of a cooperation framework agreement: a framework agreement on cooperation in the formation of a joint venture between the company and the long and sophisticated company, with a proposed investment of $8.7 billion, and the establishment of three joint ventures, mainly for the production of smart terminals and intelligence.
With the ability to wear product ceramics and modules, it is expected to produce more than 100 million units per year. Strong cooperation will greatly accelerate the marketization of cellular ceramic back-caps in the context of cooperation: tri-ring groups are leading the world in the production of ceramic powder and wool, with some indicators exceeding the target.
After the Japanese manufacturer, the ceramic back cap is a heavy-pound product that is pushing hard. Producer and precision is the manufacturer of the metal backside, with the advantage of the metal backside.
The three rings are able to focus on upgrading the technology and capacity of ceramic powder production, making use of the advantages of the forward process. Long-span precision is able to achieve performance growth in the use of rear-cut milling and customer excellence, and in the performance of the ceramic backs. It is also possible to reduce technological development and equipment purchases by both sides.
It is expected to accelerate the marketization of the porcelain rear caps considerably. The joint venture is expected to produce 20 million copies of the porcelain up to the next two years, with a value of between $4 billion and $6 billion per year.
Production capacity will gradually be released, and 100 million porcelain back-caps are expected to be produced each year after delivery, with a value of over 10 billion. The three rings group has a good base, and its performance is expected to increase steadily for 40 years, and it is the absolute leader in the field of porcelain cores and holsters.
The Māori rate is as high as 50%, well beyond competitors in the country. Production accounts for 50% of total global production, and is a core supplier to world-renowned fibre-optic connectors such as Teco, Anfino, Huber, and Radiall.
Ceramic cores and holsters are the company ' s main product, with an operating income of over 60%. In the coming years, continued high domestic investment in 4g+ and broadband construction, rapid development of data centres will lead to faster development of the fibre optic connector industry, indirectly triggering the need for ceramic cores and cylinders, and we expect that the company ' s operations will remain high.
Wang Fenghua, a graduate student at the Chinese People’s University, is currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.