In addition, the company announced an off-the-shelf gain/loss of $144.16 million for the whole of 2016 and measured the off-the-shelf gains/losses of the company for the fourth quarter of the year.
Sun Yunghang, the adverse effects have been reduced and four quarters of performance growth has recovered: the company's fibre-optic ceramic plugs, core core core core core core core core core and global market share of 50%.
50%. While the domestic light and communications market is still in the air, the firm has taken far-reaching considerations, and its performance has been under some pressure in the third quarter of the year, with both revenue and net profit rates slipping to single digits. It is a matter of concern that, starting in the fourth quarter, the company’s market strategy has been effective, light.
There has been a further increase in the market share of the fibre-pluger product, which has consolidated the firm’s strong position in this area. Many other businesses have gone well, with a stronger level of profitability for the company in the last four quarters. Companies expect net profits to range from 1,048 million to 1,179 million.
The rate of growth is even more significant. We believe that the negative impact on the performance of companies of three quarters of active competitive and market-oriented strategies is being reduced, that firms have emerged from a low performance period and that the growth momentum has recovered.
The full-scale outbreak of cellular ceramic component operations is a cause for concern: the company has developed mobile phones, fingerprints and cell phones ceramic backlines, and has entered the market for cellular accessories. Among them, the fingerprint recognition product has won rice, oppo, vivo, and one plus.
A series of orders from key mobile phone manufacturers showed a rapid increase in sales, offering a great deal of revenue and profit to companies. Cellular porcelain covers have been supplied to Mimix products, gaining important market attention and recognition, and driving the development of the chain of corcelain backs.
Despite the fact that there are few applications and numbers, and the maturity of the product has yet to be raised, we see this great opportunity in the blue sea market, with the ability to move away from a single master-line product development model and the power of the multi-product line “material+” strategy before the spatial development:
After far-reaching consideration, the company took the initiative to reduce the simple 100 million book capital for fibre-optic cores, the country's strongest technology research and development team and technological reserves, and a three-ring group: the masters of the electronic ceramics industry.
A cohesive workforce, with multiple advantages, guarantees the company's leadership in ceramic materials, focused “material plus” development, with breakthroughs in foreign monopoly materials, and competition.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The company's “material plus” strategy combines the proactive market strategy of the original owner, allowing the company to move away from heavy reliance on a single product.
Multi-product line operations with ceramic materials as their core, Ceramic Finger ID 2017, Ceramic Caps, Fuel Batteries, etc., will make a significant contribution to the company.
This could be reduced, leading to risks of understaffing in corporate R & D, marketing, and management.