• Core competitiveness: significant resource endowments and profitability ahead of industry: corporate resource endowments
The advantages are clear: 1) rich reserves + regional concentrations of high-quality coal varieties produced primarily by "one or three lows"; 2) provincial railways are well-developed and have a certain margin advantage over the Shinmon region; in addition to resource endowments, companies themselves practice their own skills in science, technology and innovation and online trading platforms, so
Core profitability indicators are at the forefront of the industry: in 2016-2018, Roe, Māori, net profit rates, home-grown tons of coal sales costs were in the first place in the industry, in the second place, in the first place, in the second place, in the second place, in the second place, in the second place, in the second place, in the second place, in the second place, in the second place, in the growth of performance: the in-born small reserve plus the infusion of extended assets, with new capacity expected over the next three years
Taking into account: 1) the inner dimension, the co-testing phase of the mine was already under way, assuming 80% utilization of the mine in 2019, an increase of 8-10 million tonnes is expected; and the mine in the mine in the mine in the mine is 13 million tonnes/year and is currently under construction.
In the future, it is expected that, in order to address the competition problems of peers, this portion of the assets will gradually enter the public sector.
Inner; therefore, it is conservatively estimated that the company’s coal production capacity will increase by more than 20 million tons over the next three years.  The price of performance growth will rise: the Monhua+Cyanse Railway is expected to move in the course of the year, and more products will be sold to higher prices: the Monhua Railway, the largest coal line in the country (designed to deliver 200 million tons).
(a) subject to resource endowments and traditional maritime transport patterns1 and " The public utility sector: the impact of Core III " , where coal prices are above the national average of 20-30 per cent.)
In 2019, we measured that Monhua Railway was more important than the traditional means of transport, i.e. iron, sea, river, sea, river, industry, and elasticity.
Route 2 freight costs are reduced by 82, 31 and 63 ton, respectively, and there are advantages such as short transport time and weather-proofing. 3) The company is now mainly in the form of land sales, with the highest price in the region of the two lakes and the river,2 Monhua Railways Study: South North Coal.
The share is only 16%. The Jing-Sang Railway, which is controlled by the coal cartel, runs simultaneously with the Mon-hua Railway. The transmission of the arteries is expected to take place during the year, and the terminal power company is expected to continue to raise the proportion of coal sales and raise the average price of sales over time.
• Upstream coal companies are expected to benefit significantly.  Valuation up: smooth cash flow operations + layout along the industrial chain. Cycle attributes are weak, growth properties are enhanced: 1) net cash flows are fundamental: strong monetary funds and solid cash flow operations are public.
The Division follows the industrial chain in a countercyclical layout that provides the basis and the possibility of reducing its cyclical properties. (2) Upgrading along the industrial chain is at the core: the corporate investment and management team has demonstrated its vision and ability to invest in Lungi shares, and will continue to expand along the coal deep processing industry chain in the future.
Traders and downstream coal-chemicals projects are to be expected. 3) The high dividends of stability are to be guaranteed: after the completion of the mini-budang mine and other large capital expenditure projects, there is a possibility of an increase in the share share of the company. 4) Repurchase of shares is confidence: assuming that the company cancels all 305 million shares purchased for this time.
The company was established in 2008 as the sole major coal production and marketing integration platform in Xiangxi Province. The company is a coal major business asset that unites China's three isthmus and China energy.
After more than a decade of development, the company is now one of the single largest coal producers in the province and one of the country's major coal base development agencies. By the end of 2018, the company held 63.14% of the shares and held the ownership of the company.
Seven coal owners have more than 80% of the company’s performance. The company owns 15 first-tier subsidiaries, including the Kukawa mining, the Yellow Mahal mining, the Bingu mining industry, the Sanbei mining industry, the material companies, distribution groups, the Shinonam industry, the Red Leo railway, the Red Lewlin mining industry, the Zhang Jiaxuan mining industry, the construction of new coals, and the coal conglomerates.
Eight holding subsidiaries, such as the Valley Energy Investment Company Ltd., the Small Pawdang Mining Centre, and the Coal Trading Centre, among them, the Yellow Mall, the Copper River Mines, the Bing Chang Mines, the Sorbonne Mines, the Zhang Jiaji Mines, the Hobei Mines, and the New Coalization Company contributed the most to the company’s performance, bringing together the seven subsidiaries to a combined net profit of 118.26 million, 11.351 billion in 2017 and 2018.
Gold coal, divided by coal, can be divided into lean coal, long coal, weak coal, non-coal, thin coal, gas and gas, with high heat and stability, and is widely used in the electricity, fertilizer and metallurgical industries. Corporate coal production was between 101 and 115 million tons in 2014-2018, with sales in the range of 123-143 million tons; and sales prices (the “one vote” was eliminated).
It also reflects a downward and rising trend, with companies achieving a revenue of 57,224 million yuan in 2018, a net return of 10,093 million yuan, or coal sales prices or the profitability of the company, which has recovered significantly and is still at a high level.
Core competitiveness: significant resource endowments with profitability ahead of industry Corporate resource endowments with clear advantages: 1) rich reserves + regional concentration, leading to “one or three or three or three” high-quality coal varieties; 2) adequate rail line facilities in the provinces with a certain distance advantage over the Shining Zone; and, in addition to resource endowments,
The company itself is also doing a lot of internal work on STI and cyber trading platforms, so many of the company's core profitability indicators are given an advantage in a resource endowment: rich reserves + regional concentration, producing “one and three and three” high-quality coal 1. The company's coal resources are of good quality, and more than 97 per cent of coal resources are of high quality, such as shunbeit, Bing-yeon, etc.
Coal production areas, characterized by an average heat value of 5,500 kcal/kg or more (high heat, low sulfur, low phosphorus, low ash), meet the requirements of the country ' s priority coal deep processing industry and are high-quality environmental power, metallurgical and chemical coal.
The municipalities of Yang City and Kuchean are divided into three mining areas, namely Bingbei, Bingyeung and Xiangbei, among them Tianbei Mine, and Bingyeon Mine, which are characterized by deep coal deposits (200 to 700 metres by shallow), abundance of resources, stability of coal layers, simple mining techniques, high primary heat, low-sulphur, very low phosphorus, low-temperature ash, oil-rich, high chemical activity, high volatilization.
It is particularly appropriate to build large-scale, ultra-modern wells. 3) Reserves: By the end of 2018, according to Chinese mining statistics, the company had 16.1 billion tons of coal geological reserves and could collect 9.8 billion tons of coal, which would have been sufficient for 69 years if measured at 143 million tons of coal sold by the company in 2018.
2.2. Resource endowments: Railways in the province are fully equipped and have a certain margin of transport relative to the Shinmon region. The distribution area of the company ' s coal products can be divided into intra-provincial and out-of-provincial markets, with provincial sales largely dependent on iron.
Road and road transport, with out-of-town sales mainly based on rail transport, with companies achieving 143 million tons of coal in 2018, with medium-sized railways carrying 59 million tons, or 41.26 per cent of the total.The company's railway lines are currently mainly: 1) in the case of the copper-rich mining company, with a total length of 80.14 kilometres.
Transport capacity totalled 11.4 million tons, mainly for coal products and materials from the copper-chance mining company; (2) Bronze mining company railway lines: total 100.62 km, of which 57.60 km are on the straight line, with 4 special lines of coal to the mines, currently with 2 special lines of effective coal, with a recent transport capacity of 5 million tonnes/year and an forward period of 8 million tonnes/year, mainly for transport.
(c) Coal products and materials of the Bohai Mining Company: 3) The exclusive line of the company ' s railways consists of two special lines of coal in the east and west, with a total length of 17.2 kilometres, the line of coal in the west and the station on the bottom of the western line, the line of coal in the east and the station on the Hossi line, with a capacity of 6 million tons/year, mainly for the transport of coal and materials produced by the company;
4) Yellow Mall Company Railway line: 48 km total, connected to the West Yang Railway Yellow Mall Station, designed to transport an annual capacity of 18 million tonnes/year, mainly for the transport of coal products and goods from the Yellow Mall Company and the Yellow Mall, and the construction of new mines in Yellow Mall: 5) Medium Capable Red Rock Farrow Railway line: 6.41 km main length, with a transport capacity of 5 million tonnes/year.
Coal used for the transport of coal produced from the coal-like mines in the middle of the country; 6) special line for the red lemon railway: the Red Willows station on the east line, the West line, the West Line, 42.33 km in length and the transport capacity is 30 million tonnes/year, mainly for the transport of coal products and materials from the three mines in the red willows, the lemon towers and the Zhangjia mine.
In terms of geographical location, Sanxi Province has the advantage of distance from the main consumer markets, such as Shanxi, the Inner Mon Coal Masters, and Kawasumi, where the direct movement of the company's railway lines, both east and west, is now mainly to the sealine, the Taiming Silver Line, the Shinsengshi Line and the Moon Line; and North-South flows are mainly to the Kanxi Re-entry Line (which is the company's main route to the outside coal, where the company produces the company).
Coal is exported out of the province through the sea line, Ningxi line, Ningxi line, and Xicang line. (The Monhua Railway will give details in chapter III.) 2.3. Core competitive advantage three: the Science and Technology Plus Platform, where companies, beyond resource endowments, are also practicing internal skills.
In addition to its unique resource endowments, companies are also struggling with science, technology and innovation and cyber-trading platforms.
Three changes in mining technology filled the gap in the application of the country's thick coal-bed “110-tech” mining technology; and the exploration, application, promotion and application of a range of scientific and technical techniques, such as intelligent mining and gas-free emissions, gradually freed miners from a difficult and dangerous operating environment. In 2018, the company invested 930 million yuan in science and technology, with four national scientific institutions and provincial ministers.
Three scientific institutions, 17 departmental ministerial awards for science and technology, and 156 new authorized patents. 2) Network trading platforms: companies belonging to the Xiaoxi Coal Trading Centre, a provincial third-party platform enterprise that serves large goods such as coal in the western region.
One of the largest coal spot trading markets for physical delivery is the price increase of 1,144 million yuan. In the supply of goods, the material company, which uses centralized purchasing as an entry point, has created a vertical power company platform for coal commodities, b2b, and has developed an online procurement business model for “trading platform plus central warehouse plus well-head supermarkets”.
2.4. Resource endowments + efficient management + science, technology and innovation. The company ' s core profitability indicators lead the industry.
Multiple core profitability indicators are at the forefront of the industry: 1) Roe of the company from 2016 to 2018 is 8.41%, 26.59%, Figure 10: Cost of coal sales by the company ' s own coal ton is second in the industry in dollars.
Taking into account: 1) the endogenous dimension, Xiaobao I mine has entered the joint test shipment of tonnes: Xiaobao mine II has an approved production capacity of 13 million tonnes/year and is currently under construction and is expected to become operational in 2020: 2) the extended dimension, with a combined production capacity of 27 million tonnes/year for the Cao Bay, Mon Village and Small Estate projects under the group flag.
In the future, it is expected that this portion of the assets will gradually enter the listed companies in order to solve competition problems: therefore, it is conservatively estimated that the company ' s coal production capacity will increase by more than 20 million tons over the next three years.
More than 95 per cent of the company's production capacity in hand mines is located in the country's “13th Five” major coal bases: the Shindong Base, the Shubei Base, the Huang Yu Base; among them, the Red Lillenn Mines, the Zhang Jiao Mine, the Yellow Mahal II Mine, the construction of the new coal mine, the Sunshu fork mine, the Korean Bay Mine, the Yuhua Coal Mine and others, seven of them were collected through standard tests at the level of the National Directorate of Security.
Of this total, the authorized capacity is 114 million tonnes/year, and the corresponding yield capacity is 73 million tonnes/year. 1) The approved capacity of the Xinbei mining area is 74 million tonnes/year, or 64.91 per cent of the total capacity, and the authorized capacity of the equity capacity is 42 million tonnes/year, or 58.09 per cent of the total capacity. 2) The approved capacity of the Qin yellow mining area is 33 million tonnes/year, or 28.95 per cent of the total capacity;
One million tons per year, or 6.14 per cent of total capacity; a combined capacity of 0.07 billion tons per year, or 9.65 per cent of total capacity; and an expected further increase in coal production in the Xiaobei mining areas when mining Nos. 1 and 2 is gradually completed. 3.2 Inner growth: an increase in the contribution of SMS Nos. 1 and 2 to a combined capacity of 28 million tons per year
The Little Pawdang mine is located in the Santung mining area, one of the 14 coal-based sites that were the focus of the country's 13th Five-Year Plan, with a geological reserve of 4.9 billion tons and a recoverable reserves of 2.8 billion tons, built according to the world's first-class green and efficient intelligence mine standards. At the beginning of 2019, the number 1 mine was 15 million tons/year, and the number 2 was 13 million/year.
The mine's fast-loading system and the iron ring station allow coal pits to be loaded directly into the train's skin, with a rapid-loading system capacity of 5400t/h and a time frame of 50s/fest.
By the end of the year, the mine was constructed and entered the joint commissioning phase, with an expected increase of 8-10 million tons, assuming that in 2019, the mine could reach 80 per cent. The coal mine currently under construction at the group level consists mainly of the Cao Beach, Mon Village, and Small Estate projects.
The area of the mine is 125.97 square metres, with a geological reserve of 3,531 million tons, with a capacity of 1,511 million tons, and a planned construction capacity of 15 million tons/year, with 72 years of service, and is currently in joint commissioning.)
On the other side, there is an area of 78.5 square kilometres with a geological reserve of 1,046 million tons and a capacity of 640 million tons designed for storage, with a capacity of 6 million tons/year, with a length of service of approximately 74 years, and is currently in joint commissioning. 3) Small estates: the wellfield is located in the village of the Lake Bay in the town of Yemen, Binh County, with an area of 46.22 square kilometres, a geological reserve of 921 million tons and a storage capacity of 544 million tons.
With a capacity of 6 million tonnes/year, with a service life of about 67 years, the mine is equipped to handle 6 million tonnes/year of raw coal washing plants, which are currently in a joint commissioning state. Thus, Cao's Tsao Beach, Mon Village, and the small estate projects together have a capacity of 27 million tonnes/year, representing 23.84% of the company's hand-made capacity, and are already in a joint commissioning state, which is known for the future.
We expect that part of the assets will gradually enter the listed companies, and the price of performance growth will rise: the Monhua+Cyan Railway is expected to move in the course of the year, and more products will be sold to higher-priced areas.
The Monhua Railway, the country's largest shipping line (design capacity 200 million tons/year), is expected to be completed in the course of the year.
The cost of freight on the first and second routes of the river is reduced by 82, 31 and 63 ton, respectively, and there are advantages associated with the short transport time, which is not affected by weather. 3) The company is currently based on land sales, with only 16 per cent of the highest price in the two lakes and rivers.
4.1. The largest coal line was built in the course of the year, mainly to guarantee the supply of coal in the region of the two lakes and rivers.
1038.757 km/hour, total length of the engineering base, 297.121 km/702 bridges, 457.504 km/ 228 tunnels, project design design and delivery capacity of 200 million tonnes/year (100 million tonnes/year of initial operational transport capacity) for the country's largest dedicated coal line and the new national strategic transport corridor “South North Coal Transport” for coal.
The highest concentration of coal production in the Shinjong region is delivered to the two most coal-scarce areas, and the most optimistic is now expected to be completed by 1 October. The railway ministry’s holdings + the participation of a number of coal companies, and the diversified equity structure helps to balance the interests of all parties.
In response to the Monhua Railway project proposal, the amount of investment in the Monhua Railway is expected to be $153.97 billion, of which $54 billion will be raised by the sponsors of the Mon Xihua Central Railway in the form of capital injections. In terms of equity structure, the Mon Xihua Central Railways (the major shareholder is the Chinese Iron Throw, the actual controlling person is the Railway Ministry) holds a 20% share: China Shinhua, China Coal Energy.
Sources, national traffic, saloon groups, Lunan Mines and Itai Coal account for 10 per cent of registered capital, respectively; the rest of the investors also account for 10 per cent.