Merchant Road (001965.sz) evaluation: slightly delayed returns on investment: performance, and performance improvement as a good development event: three-quarters report 2024:
Q3 income costs have increased on a year-to-year basis and the main business ring has improved on q2. 24q3 operating income has increased by +34.90 per cent, operating costs have increased by +37.58 per cent, income costs have increased by +37.58 per cent, investment returns have been under pressure, and financial cost increases have contributed to overall performance.
At the end of the financial cost, the q3 period cost totalled about 631 million yuan, compared to +37.65 per cent, and the ring cost increased significantly, mainly because of the iron impact of the company’s sales.
The company is a leading platform for road operations with a strong alpha, and we continue to see two major growth factors: 1) road products, with the backbone of the industry, where the company maintains a more active asset buy-and-take pace for high-quality targets than its counterparts, and where it has a relatively young road product and is therefore expected to contribute significantly to performance growth; 2) road products.
With regard to the chain of operations, the company's dynamic deployment of intelligent transportation and transportation technology operations, which offer a wider scope for external export of services, the company's Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2022-2024) commits itself to preparing each year on the cash side.
The profit distribution is no less than the net profit deduction from other equity instruments, such as the permanent debt of the parent in the year.
On October 17, the company issued an announcement that it was going to enter into a centralized bid with either its own funds or its own funds.
0.50 per cent of repurchase shares are proposed to be fully cancelled and the company ' s registered capital reduced, highlighting the company ' s unprofit forecast and investment rating: \triangleright
The “buy-in” rating is maintained for excellence in the management of the industry’s flagship operations, which continues to have a high red mark or enjoys a certain margin premium. Risk factors: extended acquisitions are not as expected; traffic flows are not growing as expected; road tariff policy waves are not available
\triangleright transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, etc., has been a part of the external evaluation submitted by several provinces, which has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.