Researchchand developmentcenter 2-priced Hpv vaccine continues to increase and 9-priced Hpv vaccine
The first coverage report by 10,000 Thai organisms (603392).
2. Hpv vaccine production is on the rise, company performance is on the increase, 3.hpv vaccine release is on the increase, driving high-speed growth in performance, 2-price Hpv vaccine is on the rise and 9-price Hpv vaccine is on the horizon
The incidence of cervical cancer is increasing every year, and the policy pushes the Hpv vaccine penetration is expected to increase.
To show an upward trend, from 1198/10 million in 2010 to 1769/10 million in 2016. In 2020, WHO officially launched the Global Strategy for Accelerated Elimination of Cervical Cancer, and in 2021 the National Health Board planned to launch pilot projects in 15 cities to promote cervical cancer vaccine.
Inoculations. In 2017-2021, the total volume of Hpv vaccinations issued was approximately 146, 713, 1087, 1544, 32.49 million respectively; according to the Oecd database, the female population aged 9-45 was approximately 322 million in 2021, based on a rough three dose procedure, 2021
We have a cumulative Hpv penetration rate of 6.99%. With the rise in the population ' s knowledge of Hpv vaccine and the promotion of national policies, we are expected to increase the Hpv vaccine penetration rate further.
\triangleright is currently in high demand for Hpv vaccines in the country, but Mercerton has a limited supply in the country, so four-to-nine prices for vaccine products are insufficient. The company has a double-priced Hpv vaccine as compared to a four-to-nine-price vaccine product.
The agent-type production capacity has expanded, reaching 30 million units/year. With the company’s potential to dig deep and plan for new production lines, the second-priced Hpv vaccine product could reach its recent increase and decline (%) in January.
The same increase; the consolidation of the local government preferential policy and the increase in the percentage of residents in the circulation of the twice-priced hpv disease (%) is expected to lead to a gradual shift of products from three or four line cities to one or two line cities.
The company's second price Hpv vaccine sales went well in 2021 and is expected to become the first national Hpv vaccine company to produce a nine-priced Hpv vaccine.
In the field of vaccines, the company has a rich pipeline and many products are well under way. Of these, nine-price hpv major clinical trials have been completed and vaccinations are expected to be marketed in late 2024 or early 2025 as the first national Hpv vaccine enterprise; traditional freezing
The dry water pox detoxification vaccine has obtained the iii clinical test study, the new frozen dry water pox detoxin vaccine (vzv-7d) is conducting the iib clinical trial: the new nasal flu virus carrier, the coronary pneumonia vaccine has obtained the South African iii clinical test batch: 20-price pneumococcal combination disease.
The Hmong has received a clinical test batch. The company is working well on the project and will gradually move into the Cinstasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In vitro diagnostic products are very diverse. Reagents are developed in tandem with instruments.
\triangleright, in the field of in vitro diagnosis, has product lines such as enzyme immuno-diagnostic reagents, gelatin rapid diagnostic reagents, chemical luminal diagnostic reagents, and introduced a new generation of fully automated chemicals
In addition, the company has a large number of new coronary-related diagnostics reagent boxes, of which the new coronary anti-viral antigen test box (the glue gold method) was certified as a domestic medical device on March 14, 2022. The global and domestic in vitro diagnosis market is close to size.
There has been a good growth trend over the years, and in an environment of strong downstream market demand and continuous technological upgrading, companies are expected to achieve steady growth in ivd operations.
Risk factors: Uncertainty risks such as failure to issue product batches, lack of progress in research and development, new \triangleright epidemic.
Vantaa was established in 1991 as a high-technology company engaged in in vitro diagnostic reagents, automated testing equipment, vaccine development and production and marketing. In the field of vaccines, the Hepatitis E vaccine and the Second-valent Cervical Cancer vaccine have been marketed in a series of vaccines developed on the basis of the global unique nuclear expression system for colitomyl.
In the field of agents, the company has an enzyme IUD diagnostic reagent, a rubber gold rapid diagnostic reagent, a chemical light diagnostic reagent, a biochemical diagnostic reagent, a nucleic acid diagnostic reagent product line, together with the quality control of various product lines. In recent years, the incidence of cervical cancer has increased, but the Hpv vaccine penetration rate has been less than 2 per cent, and in WHO appeals
The company’s two-priced Hpv vaccine capacity has been increased to 30 million units per year, with a significant advantage in terms of prices and vaccination procedures. In addition, the company’s nine-priced Hpv vaccine has completed its third clinical on-site vaccination, and is expected to be in late 2024.
In early 2025, it was approved for listing as the first country to produce a nine-priced Hpv vaccine. Vantaa was established in 1991 as a high-technology firm engaged in in vitro diagnostic reagents, automated detection equipment, vaccine development and production, and marketing.
Reagents, chemically luminous diagnostic reagents, biochemical diagnostic reagents, nucleic acid diagnostic reagent product lines, coupled with the quality control of various product lines: in the field of vaccines, the company has developed a complete upstream primary theory study, intermediate engineering conversion, technology, downstream industrialization of whole chain systems, virus samples based on the unique global nuclear expression system of the Great Intestine.
In the series of vaccines developed by the Vaccine Technology Platform, hepatitis E and second-priced cervical cancer vaccines have been placed on the market. The company uses the concept of “science-based, health-oriented” as an enterprise development concept, with the objective of “quality-based survival, science- and innovation-based development” and is committed to transforming biotechnology outcomes into quality products for the benefit of the public.
According to the company ' s 2021 report, the company ' s effective control of Manchuria held direct shares in 18.17 per cent of the Vantaa and indirectly in 56.98 per cent of the Vantaa through the birth hall, with a combined shareholding of 75.15 per cent, a concentration of the company ' s equity, and, finally, in terms of income structure, 37 per cent of the revenue from vaccine operations and 63 per cent of the income from the in vitro diagnostic operations in 2020;
In 2021, the share of income from vaccine operations rose to 58%, and the share from in vitro diagnostics fell to 41%, mainly because of a significant increase in sales of second-priced Hpv vaccine products. The share of income from vaccine operations is expected to continue to rise with the release of second-price Hpv vaccine capacity.
85.78 per cent, the Māori rate increased significantly after the second-priced Hpv vaccine product was marketed in 2020, the Māori rate for vaccine products was relatively high, and the overall Māori rate for companies was expected to increase further with the subsequent increase in the share of revenue, falling to 11.86 per cent, and the management and R&D rates were declining as the company ' s operating income grew rapidly.
Net interest rates have been growing faster since 2020. 2. Second price hpv vaccine production and production have increased, with a rapid growth in performance of 2.1. Cervical cancer incidence is rising year by year, with policies promoting cervical cancer screening and Hpv vaccination.
Human papilloma virus (hpv) is widespread in nature, with 70-80% of women suffering from Hpv infection at least once in their lifetime, according to a viewing life sample. Hpv can be classified into two categories: low-risk and high-risk, and high-risk Hpv infections are considered to occur in almost all cervical cancers.
On a global scale, most cervical cancers can be detected in high-risk Hpv16 and 18 sub-types, of which Hpv16 has the greatest potential for induced cancer. The low-risk Hpv6 and 11 sub-types are associated with the majority of sharp humid aphids in the genitals and almost all re-emerging respiratory papilloma.
Cervical cancer is the second-highest cancer among women in the country, after breast cancer. According to the pmc and sciencedirect literature, the incidence of cervical cancer in the country has increased in recent years, from 1198/10 million in 2010 to 1769/10 million in 2016.
Cervical cancer and breast cancer are the two major health killers that seriously affect women’s lives. The Government attaches great importance to screening for both cancers.
On November 17, WHO officially launched the Global Strategy for the Accelerated Elimination of Cervical Cancer, which set goals and targets to achieve 90% coverage of HPv vaccination in all countries by 2030, 70% screening coverage and 90% access to cervical cancer precancer and cervical cancer treatment.
Launching of a pilot project in 15 cities (Beijing Stone View Mountain, Tianjinxi Qing District, Ordos, Shenyang, Shanghai Quantang District, Si Si, Ningbo, Ma Sae Mountain, Ximen, Jinnan, Zhengzhou, Shenzhen, Chongqing Shaan Dam, Chengdu, Xian) to promote vaccination against cervical cancer.
Local preferential policies for Hpv vaccination for women of appropriate age have been put in place, and it is expected that more cities will introduce Hpv vaccine with a lower penetration rate of 2.2.hpv, and that there will still be much room for improvement. There are currently four Hpv vaccine products on the market: the two-priced Hpv vaccine (type 16, 18) for gsk and Vantae organisms;
The four-priced Hpv vaccine (6, 11, 16, 18) and the nine-priced Hpv vaccine (6, 11, 16, 18, 31, 33, 45, 52, 58). All four vaccines are based on a reconstitution of dna technology, consisting of a pure 1st structural protein assembly of Hpv-specific shell (viral sample particles) that does not contain the virus dna.
The antiviral system is cellular immunisation, mainly in the cervical part, which produces very low levels of antibodies, which are not sufficient to counter the re-attack of the virus. The vaccine is a muscle injection that causes a strong and effective immune response in the human body and produces more than 40 times the drop rate of the antibodies that are naturally infected, so that the infection can be prevented.
According to the National Drug Control Authority, the vaccine is now available on the national market at double and quadruple prices.
70% of cervical cancer risk is controlled, while a nine-priced vaccine can prevent 90% of cervical cancer.
The information and historical data disclosed by the court forecast that the total volume of Hpv vaccines issued in 2021 was approximately 32.49 million, an increase of 110 per cent over the same period; of these, gsk ' s second price Hpv vaccine was about 2.83 million (+31 per cent), Vantaa ' s second price Hpv vaccine was about 10 million (+306 per cent), Meshadong ' s fourth price and nine price Hpv vaccine were about 9.34 million (+29 per cent),
The size of the domestic Hpv seed market in 2021 is approximately 25.8 billion yuan, based on the winning price of two-, four-, and nine-priced vaccines. Although the bulk issuance of Hpv vaccines has been growing faster in recent years, the market penetration of products is still low.
According to the Oecd database, between 2017 and 2021 the female population aged 9 to 45 was estimated at 334, 3.29, 326, 323 and 322 million, respectively. The cumulative penetration rate of our Hpv vaccine for 2017-2021 was about 40 per cent for young people aged 13 to 17 years in the United States and at least 1 dose was completed.
Female coverage exceeds 60 per cent; while the United States cdc shows 75.1 per cent coverage for adolescents who completed at least one dose of Hpv vaccination in 2020, there is still room for several increases in the Hpv vaccine penetration rate, even as the coverage of the United States Hpv vaccine rises from year to year.
Table 3: Vaccination penetration rate of Hpv in our country, Figure 10: Vaccination coverage of young people aged 13-17 years in the United States, 2006-2016, 2.3. Second-priced Hpv vaccine production increased equally, with nearly $10 billion in sales expected in 2023
The company’s two-priced Hpv vaccine product, Cincidencecolin, was approved by the National Drug Surveillance Authority on 30 December 2019 for listing and registration of medicines, and was officially marketed in 2020.
In addition, according to the State Council's Working Committee on Women and Children, the product has performed well on the two key impact indicators of precancer cancer and the prevention of the continuation of Hpv, with 100% protection against precancer pathologies and 100% protection against Hpv.
(a) The protection rate for persistent infections is 97.8 per cent, and the product is the country's first approved Hpv vaccine, with autonomous intellectual property rights;
Figure 11: The Hpv vaccine product, Hpv, is “comfortable” and the market demand for Hpv is high. Mossathon and gsk supply are limited in the country, and even when the national vaccine is on the market, it is still much less available than needed, so in the short term, the Hpv vaccine sales are close to bulk issuance, and the market size is determined by the supply capacity
In addition, companies are actively seeking to deepen the potential of existing production lines and to plan for the construction of new production lines, as company production of twice-priced Hpv vaccines increases and local government procurement projects continue.
In October 2021, the product passed its WHO pq certification bulletin, which is expected to be exported overseas, opening up a wider market space for its release. 2.4. Products are well under way and are expected to enter the harvest phase.
In the field of vaccines, the company has developed a rich pipeline and many products are well under way. Of these, the nine-priced Hpv vaccine iiii trial has been completed for grouping and vaccination, and it is expected to be marketed in late 2024 or early 2025.
Toxicity nuclear expression system, with its production costs, efficiency, magnification, high safety features, combined with good immunogenity and high safety of viral samples of particles, and breaking through the critical technical difficulties of the original nuclear expression of proteins assembly, which combines production efficiency with immuno-immunological effects.
In 2019, the company signed a cooperation agreement with Gsk to develop a new generation of cervical cancer vaccines based on the antigens of the nuclear expression of the coliforme and gsk. The company will pay the company a total of Euro134 million in milestones and will work with the company.
To date, the company has received two milestone payments totalling about 170 million Hpv vaccines, which are heavy-pound products and are included in the R & D layout of various domestic enterprises.
The vaccine is about to go out of the market, and Jiangsureko's recombinant Hpv vaccine is currently in the i-clinic stage; the three-priced Hpv vaccine is in the iii clinical stage; Chengdu's four-price recombinant Hpv vaccine is in the ii-clinic stage; Shanghai Boji vaccine has completed the ii-pv clinical trial; Vantaa and Jiangsureko have completed the ii-clinic phase;
The hpv vaccine is in the ii clinical trial stage; the 11-price recombinant Hpv vaccine in Chengdu is in the ii clinical stage; the 14-priced Hpv vaccine in Beijing's Nonin organism is in the ii clinical stage; in addition to the cervical cancer vaccine, the company has distributed the water pox vaccine, the new crown vaccine and the pneumonia vaccine.
A clinical trial study has been obtained on iii and the new antitoxin-toxification vaccine (vzv-7d) is conducting a clinical trial on iib, which uses reverse genetic techniques to remove key toxic genes from the virus so that it does not infect the skin tissues and neurocells of the human skin and is expected to prevent zillion without triggering herpes;
Influenza virus carrier ' s new coronary pneumonia vaccine has been issued for the South African iii clinical trial: 20-price pneumococcal combination vaccine has been obtained and an i-clinic trial will be launched in 2022; the company is working well on a project that will gradually diversify 3.ivd products and the reagents are developing in tandem with the instrumentation.
External diagnosis has become one of the more dynamic and rapidly developing industries in the current market, driven by increased population ageing, rising health awareness and rising coverage and expenditure rates, and is playing a role in the areas of disease prevention, diagnosis and diagnosis, post-developing diagnosis, screening of therapeutic drugs, evaluation of health status and genetic forecasting.
According to the evaluatemedtech Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the global in vitro diagnostic market in 2015 was about $58.8 billion in sales, compared to $83.4 billion in 2020 and a composite growth rate of about 7.24% between 2015 and 2020. In terms of geographical distribution, the level of health care coverage, per capita health expenditure, medical technology and services in developed countries
Both are higher than developing countries, the main global in vitro diagnostic market, but developed country markets are relatively mature and more stable: emerging economies, represented by developing countries such as China and India, have grown rapidly in recent years and are the main driving force behind global in vitro diagnostic development. China’s in vitro diagnostics industry has started late, but has grown faster, with roots.
According to the Institute of Medical Research and the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the size of the Chinese in vitro diagnostic market was about 43 billion yuan in 2016, compared to 89 billion yuan in 2020, with a compound growth rate of around 19.94% in 2016-2020. Market capacity is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future in an environment of strong downstream market demand and continuous technological upgrading.
Figure 12: Size of the global in vitro diagnostic market (US$ billion) Figure 13: Size of the Chinese in vitro diagnostic market (US$ billion)
Immuno-diagnostic products are more varied, technologically updated, and widely applied. The share of the market for immuno-diagnostic products has exceeded the share of bio-diagnostics, making it the largest category of the market for in vitro diagnostics. According to China's Blue Book of Medical Devices (2021), the Institute of Foresight Industries, in 2020, the market for immuno-diagnostic products was the largest in the country.
Large, 36 per cent; followed by molecular diagnostic products with a market share of 19 per cent; biochemical diagnostic products with a ratio of 18 per cent, poct with a ratio of 10 per cent, blood diagnostic products with a ratio of 9 per cent, and other products with a ratio of 8 per cent.In the area of in vitro diagnostic reagents, companies have enzyme-immuno-diagnostic reagents, fast diagnostics of gelatin and chemical luminology.
Disaggregated reagents, biochemical diagnostic reagents, nucleic acid diagnostic reagent product lines, coupled with quality control products of various product lines. The clinical application of products covers tests of infectious diseases, oncological signs, myocardial signs, sugar metabolites, liver fibrosis, mutilation, hormones, genetic diseases and immuno-blood screening, which are among the most abundant types of products in the in vitro diagnostic industry.
One of the enterprises has a more competitive position in the in vitro diagnostics industry. In 2021, the company achieved 2,339 million yuan in in in vitro diagnostics, of which the reagent product was the largest, 73.49 per cent; instrumentation, proxy products and active raw materials were the proportion; and companies currently have the development and production capacity of biologically active raw materials for complete antigens, antibodies, enzymes and other diagnostic reagents.
There is also a systematic development of enzyme IUD techniques, chemical light detection techniques, rubber gold rapid detection techniques, enzyme irradiation techniques, immuno-fluorescent photolysis techniques, biochemical detection techniques, fluorescent volume pcr detection techniques, nucleic acid spot diagnostic techniques, nucleic acid extraction techniques, diagnostic reagent instrument integration techniques.
In response to a new coronary pneumonia outbreak, clinical emergencies, the need for reliable and high-performance diagnostic reagents, the company developed, in a timely manner, new coronary virus-related diagnostic kits such as enzymes, glue gold, chemical light, nucleic acid, and obtained emergency authorization for EUce, eua in fda, eulu in WHO.
On March 11, 2022, the National Health Board issued a circular on the issuance of antigen tests for new coronal viruses, which was supplemented by antigen tests based on nucleic acid tests, which are self-testing needs of the community residents and can be purchased on and off the line.
With no nucleic acid detection capability, the accessibility of antigen testing becomes more evident when the outbreak is under way, and it is expected that the detection model “antigen screening, nucleic acid diagnosis” will become the preferred method for screening for new coronary viruses in the future. In addition to the new coronary virus series, companies have introduced hormone-type diagnostic reagents and a new generation of fully automated chemical luminous immunosulatives.
At the same time, the company is carrying out research and application of molecular diagnostic techniques such as digital pcr, high flux sequences, etc. in the field of early cancer screening and accompanying diagnostics.
Figure 17: Corporate Nucleic Acid Series Instruments Figure 19: Company Rapidly Diagnostic Series Auxiliary Reagents Figure 18: Company Elisa Series Auxiliary Reagents
Hepatitis test series Respiratory Disease test series.
The pace of research and development is not as fast as expected. There is a risk of a new coronary epidemic, for example. A new coronary outbreak repeatedly results in the risk of a company’s products being inoculated.
Lee Yuen, member of the team, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of practical work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked in BioMerière, Baker Mankulte (Danah Group) with a great deal of practical experience. He joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021, in charge of the research of medical instruments, and was a brilliant member of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport, who worked in the clinical co-works at ppctaz and paraexel, 2021 plus.
Coxo industry studies are carried out by Cadastral securities, which are responsible for research on vaccines, blood products, medicine and consumption, and vouchers, which are responsible for research on scientific services and small molecular innovation.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.