In the first half of the year, the subregion saw: 1 East, South, West, North and Central markets, with strong growth in the core base market, with 1618, the low level of five grain fluids making a significant contribution. 2 distributions, direct sales points.
At the end of the year, there were a total of 2,530 food distributors, representing a net decrease of 40 (including 13 in the east, 10 in the south, 36 in the west, 1 in the north and 8 in the centre), mainly in the public domain, and with some improvement in the efficiency of the delivery of the product; 950 in the liquor series.
There was a net increase of 136 at the end of the year; there were 1662 special stores with stable numbers; there was a deep generation of alcohol and a large series of wine. In the first half of the year, the company earned $4.7111 billion in alcohol, which was the same level as the planned increase, maintaining price stability; and 1618 and 39 degrees passed the “Dingle+” campaign.
The market is open and the potential market is expanded. 2 Other alcohol products earn $7,906 million, compared to the same amount of five grain fluids (000858.sz): the reform letter is mainly based on the continued focus of the five grains on medium- and high-priced products and a reduction in sales of low-priced products.
Also, the first six months of non-alcoholic operations, such as plastics, printing, bottling, earned $3.537 billion, and five grain fluids (000858.sz): the season's catalyst.
Five grain fluids (000858.sz): Optimization of higher advertising and promotion costs and a small increase in profitability. 23q2, corporate taxes and an additional six-month-on-year ratio +1.1 pct), image promotion and promotion fees increased, mainly in the lower line.
Inputs and scavenging red package costs; overhead ratio - 0.33 pct (first-monthly ratio + 0.43 pct); R & D ratio + 0.07 pct (first-month ratio + 0.02 pct).
The company has been better at solving the core of the eight-generation food basket since this year, at 127 Golden Gate Street in the West Side of Beijing.
The platform has been set up, and strong brand power has become more prominent in the industry adjustment cycle. We anticipate corporate risk factors: the impact of a weak recovery in consumption; increased industry competition; and food safety risks \triangleright
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic University, two years in law, economics, and two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the White Wine industry, followed by first-line sales in Suzhou, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the White Wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high liquor companies.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then worked and operated for two years in Saputu, the big dairy company.
Chan Lili, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University. Covers leisure food and chain styles (in-depth study of taste-free foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant work, trade-off foods, salt Xinlays, kwan-su-su food, Jing-chan food, etc.) and conducts in-depth research on petty food trafficking.
In 2023, she joined the Sinda Food and Beverage Group, which covers the white board.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer (in-depth study of Chinese wine, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer) and beverages (in-depth study of farmers’ springs) industries. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.