The company will comment on the white wine ii, the steady and positive price of Liu Lei-jin.
Events: On 28 June, the company held a general meeting of shareholders, where the company’s management exchanged views on the company’s 2023 season and its 2024 priorities.
In terms of sales, according to the Guangzhou daily, the pace of distribution and repayment of the eighth-generation five-year-old is in line with company expectations, and social stocks are more reasonable. At the end of the past afternoon, the eighth-generation five-year-olds have been growing in equal numbers; in terms of prices:
According to data on the price of wine, the wholesale price of the eighth-generation 5-year food basket dropped from $925 in March-April to $925 per day. We believe that the recent downswing in prices has been influenced by the low demand of the rest of the season and by the recent decline in the price of the huts, which now show signs of stability, and that the price of the five grains has been approved in the short term.
In the first half of the year, the company’s big monoliths grew steadily in terms of the balance of prices. Other staples are growing faster: the eighth-generation five-generation grains are running more robustly.
The volume will be tilted towards other major products, mainly 1618.5, 39.5, 45.5 and 68.5 to strengthen the market layout. According to the current progress, thanks to counter-incentives, such as banquet events and red bag sweeps, the five-food fluids 1618 and 39 degrees, based on daily economic news.
The relative depth of 300 shows a faster increase in the return and distribution of the five grains; the 45-degree-fives, the 68-degree-fives contracts, the return payments, etc. are also proceeding according to the plan. Overall, the other main distributions of the five grains this year are still well under way.
The product is well developed, sharing the growth tasks for the eighth generation of the five-generation food fluids, allowing for a robust balance strategy. A positive layout of the 2000-plus market, taking into account “the opportunities at risk”: according to titanium media, companies will work hard.
The powerful year series, with the introduction of the classic five-food fluids for 10, 20, 30, 50 years, continues to meet needs above 2,000 bits. The new classic five-food liquid product uses the concept of year wine, which we believe is more easily recognized and accepted by high-end alcohol consumers; the channel operating model will also be beneficial.
The recent fall in prices in the skyscrapers has had an impact on the confidence of the channel, and in this context, the five grain fluids have reinforced the layout of the price bands above $2,000, which we consider to be a “risk-in-the-shelf” image that will provide an important basis for the company’s future development.
Investment proposals: According to the current progress, under the “1+3” product matrix strategy, the firm's control over the price of the “8th Generation” food fluids has been robustly advanced, and 1618.5 food fluids and other new products have been better allocated to growth tasks; the layout of the 2000 plus market is in fact a “deep chance” situation.
The company's evaluation of the five grains (000858.sz) is expected to provide an important foundation for the company's long-term development. We believe that, with the industrial landscape and market concentration rising in both directions, the five grains benefit from a strong branding and a thousand dollar price competitive pattern.
Optimization and improved marketing are among the options for a robust + positive value for money. Keeping up the commitment of the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute to work diligently, independently and objectively, to present this report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.