25 March 2018: In the evening of 23 March, the company released its annual report for 2017. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $151.228 billion, an increase of 47.85 per cent over the same period; total profits were realized.
The company intends to find a gold dividend of RMB 4.8 (including taxes) per 10 shares, with a distribution rate of 35 per cent, calculated on 23 March as the rate of interest for the Saka State coal industry a//h shares, respectively, at a cut-off rate of 65.5 per cent, with the company ' s coal business rising steadily, and the profitability of the plate increasing significantly. In 2017, the company ' s coal sales increased significantly, with a total increase of 28.14 per cent in the year of commercial coal. The company ' s coal plate generated an operating income of RMB 48,471.8 million, an increase of 65.5 per cent, and its operating costs of RMB 25,774.8 million, an increase of the same value.
On September 1, 17, the company increased its production and sales. The company accounted for the loss of its assets during the fourth quarter, affecting the net profit reduction attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, Wang Chimin Research Assistant.
Although 1.69 billion yuan is missing, four quarters of the year saw a significant increase in net profits of 1,888 million yuan (1,261 million yuan after deduction), an increase of 80.23 per cent and 16.02 per cent over the same period.
In the wake of the subsequent shutdown of a large number of coal mines across the country, the company was under pressure to complete the construction of the millions of tons of mines on its base and in the coal industry in the week of 2016.
After the reversal, the conversion of capacity was actively pursued, with the official release of production through the approval of the conversion, a rapid shift from the “input period” to the “realized return period” in 2017. At the end of 2016, two million tons of coal mine (12 million tons/year) succeeded in obtaining the country’s first capacity replacement target, and “20171227  state coal industry (600188): a comparison of coal consumption by the JCCP.
Ten thousand tons/year) are also planned for production in 2019, and we expect to sell their base and stock sales to be 4.83 million tons in 2016 and about 12.1370 million tons in 1717. Largely, the 20171207 State Coal Industry (600188): Methanol prices are three years old.
\triangleright development. As the first and most successful domestic coal company to “go out” in 16 years, during the lowest period of the coal cycle (international coal prices are less than $60), when the acquisition was negotiated, international coal prices started a new upward cycle, rising from $50 to around $100, but the trade was not matched.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., which changed significantly with the cyclical rise in international coal prices, eventually managed to trade at about five times pe in September 2017. The acquired joint coal (c&a) assets belong to
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West End, Beijing, is the world’s top coal asset, at a fraction of the global coal cost curve, and in the lowest coal-priced valley of the world, joint coal still maintains a better cash return in 2015. Meanwhile, in November 17, eight million tons of minerals were officially produced by low-cost wellers in Moraben II, and production was released in 18-19.
At the same time, it has become Australia’s largest independent coal operator, significantly increasing its voice and pricing capacity in the international markets of the Asia-Pacific region. Companies’ cash profitability, undistributed profits on the books, low leverage, and capital spending are on a downward trend, with a potential for high future dividends.
More importantly, the company’s capital expenditure is expected to fall significantly in the future, as a result of the pressure from the previous downward cycle of coal, the company’s investment in the construction of its base (which is now in production) and the completion of the construction of the Moraben well workers’ mine in Australia. The company is now the independent coal listed company with the highest undistributed profits/market value in the country, which is still in the next one to two years, and the company’s previous investment project will lead to a significant improvement in its performance, but at the same time, it will also have to do so.
At a moderate level, capital spending is expected to decrease significantly, from raising the roe level and giving back to shareholders (with a high proportion of over 50% in 2006 in the history of the past year, with a dramatic increase in Australasia base performance, and a significant increase in corporate profitability and gradual release. On the basis of the 17-year disclosure of equity, I track, we believe that companies can enjoy a relatively high valuation level based on company performance in 2017, considering an average annual increase of over 20% over the next three years.
Stock price catalytic factors: the combined coal profitability was released significantly, the company’s sales at the base were further increased, with a high percentage of the red distribution. \triangleright Risk factors: short-term fluctuations in coal prices, safe production risks.
Financial data on the front page of the company's report The carbon and gas industry chain, with special research on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new sources of energy, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions, Dr. Ming Wing, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank and member of the Chinese expert bank of Susa Operations Review and Review Advisory Expert.
He worked as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the workshop), in the fields of coal and energy-related research, and in “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. In June 2016, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master's degree in mining engineering at the Chinese University of Mines, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to carry out research in the coal sector.
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management, Chinese People’s University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 to conduct research in the coal industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sunda Securities, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.