• High performance rates, with continuous stock-added subsidiaries The Eastern wealth-owned portfolio, and the financial e-business services operating on the two pillars of business structure. By comparison, corporate revenue grew at a much faster rate than that of the securities industry as a whole in 2017. The share of securities business income reached 56 per cent in 2017, the same period.
The completion of the replenishment of Eastern wealth securities and the issuance of transhipments have increased the size of the equity companies’ capital and operating capital, thus enhancing overall business power. Clients’ currents have led to an increase in market ownership and a pattern of unique bonds.
On the one hand, using the Internet financial services platform, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, companies have accumulated a large number of users with investment needs and expanded marketing channels. On the other hand, they have used the platform to sell funds and create marketing and advocacy channels. On the other hand, mobile phone app users remain industry leaders.
Households and marketing channels, continuous dynamic brokerage, credit operations, and the distinctive characteristics of retail brokers.The Unit, compared to the trend of depth 300, maintains investment in research and development and provides content support for one-stop financial services
For the last three years, companies have maintained their research and development investments, enriched their products and services, and enhanced the service capabilities of large platforms. In 2017, companies used financial data terminals as vehicles to provide timely and substantial financial information and real-time data disaggregation services to large users.
On the basis of this, it is hoped that there will be room for income growth as a result of fee conversions. • There is a strong pattern of competitive business, with rich products and services as key companies fully mobilizing their resources for integrated operations and core competitiveness.
In addition to the experience of high-volume Internet client flow conversion and low-rate stimulus demand, companies provide a wealth of products and services and enhance customer stickyness.
Eastern wealth has a flow platform for the “Oriental Wealth Network + Equity Bar + Sky Fund Network” and is qualified for integrated financial operations. Retail brokering has a leading industry.
For wealth, the pb is 4.62, and the value of the configuration is shown. The company’s maximum pb, minimum and median values for the last three years - respectively, the Internet financial services platform leads (i) perform at a high rate of growth, with securities doing better than their peers.
In the case of securities operations, Eastern wealth securities have securities brokers, securities investment funds, securities self-employment, financial advisers, securities investment advice, securities asset management, financing coupons, securities underwriting.
In 2017, Eastern wealth grew more rapidly than in the securities industry as a whole. With the overall market for brokerage, 11.5% of fees and commissions were increased, with securities brokerage growing by 48.25% and remaining strong.
▪ Total income from Eastern wealth (millions of yuan) • Net profits from ownership of Eastern wealth by shareholders in parent companies (billions of yuan) • Charges for Eastern wealth and net revenue from commissions (billions of yuan)
(ii) The two-wheel drive of securities operations and fund sales since December 2015, with Eastern wealth securities included in the corporate consolidated statements.
In terms of structure, Eastern wealth has formed a two-pillar business structure for securities operations and financial e-commerce services. Financial e-commerce services (fund sales): Revenue from financial e-commerce services increased significantly in 2014-2015, after which, subject to market fluctuations, revenues from fund sales fell sharply in 2016.
Goldnet adjusted its rates downward to boost demand, but revenues from financial e-commerce services fell by 64.4 per cent throughout the year to 2017, with the effect of $844 million in revenue from plate operations, with a narrow cut to 3.04 per cent. (iii) Sustained upscaling of securities subsidiaries, increasing capital and operating power
In 2016, the company completed a non-public development equity fund-raising package to replenish Eastern wealth securities. In 2017, the company completed a replenishment of Eastern wealth securities and debt convertibility, increasing the size of the equity and operating capital of the securities company and increasing the size of its capital.
By the end of 2017, the registered capital of Eastern wealth securities stood at 5.2 billion yuan, with a total asset of 31,026 million yuan, an increase of 74.14 per cent over the previous year, with operating income and net profit rising by 23.4 per cent and 69.25 per cent over the same period. After two years of development, the capital, gold and operating income of the securities subsidiary have increased significantly, and the size of the collection has exceeded the Pacific securities in the billboards (camp 2017).
Second, client currents are driving up the city's presence, and the unique voucher model is taking shape; (i) technology and platform advantages are used to keep the flow at the forefront.
Eastern wealth itself has a strong Internet technology and platform client advantage, and has an accurate and continuous power in brokering and credit operations. Companies have accumulated large numbers of users with investment needs and expanded marketing channels using a large Internet financial services platform centred on the Eastern Wealth Network.
On the one hand, the platform is used to sell funds and create marketing and publicity channels. As at 31 December 2017, the average number of daily page views was 7474 million, and the average number of non-trading daily page views was 2.0701 million;
On the other hand, the number of active mobile phone users remains a leader in the industry.
In December 2017, in the form of a self-employed company, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange continued to take the lead, with an active user base of 6.04 million, followed by the Sino-Safe Bond and the Thai-Ghai-An Khun-hoon, with an active user base of 3.48 million and 3.27 million, respectively.
7.88 million active users ranked in the top three. (ii) Content support for one-stop financial services with data terminals.
In 2017, the company invested $182 million in research and development, accounting for 7.15 per cent of revenues, and the research and development personnel relied on financial information portals and marketing channels to promote financial data products. Financial data terminals were used as vehicles for large-scale use.
Households provide timely and substantial financial information and real-time data analysis services. Translating websites and mobile end users into financial data potential users of products with full coverage of macros, solid receipts, stocks, funds, commodities, foreign exchange, etc. Currently, individual users are companies whose financial data services are fully configured at the pc end, mobile end, including “investment masters” based on quantitative investments.
Choice data can also provide customized services based on client’s own needs. Companies are now mainly using high-value marketing strategies, relying on portals and mobile terminals, and promoting free services.
Data terminals. On a user-based basis, it is expected that there will be revenue growth space from fee conversion. (iii) Continued dynamic brokerage, credit operations, strong retail brokerage features, company active brokerage and credit operations, strong retail broker features. From the third quarter of 2017 on the market.
In this case, the market share of the cumulative value of the stock-based transactions of the ten bond dealers prior to 2017 was 44.80%, a decrease of 0.83 percentage points from 45.63% in 2016, reflecting increased competition in the industry and a high concentration of businesses over the same period in 2016.
At the same time, Eastern wealth functions as a “one-stop Internet financial services platform” for the import and conversion of Internet customer flows to securities brokerage, credit operations through a full range of value-added services. According to the 2017 report, the market share of Eastern wealth stock brokerages rose to 1.98 per cent in December 2017, ranking 17th in the industry, up from the same period in the previous year.
Seven; the share of the financing voucher market increased from 0.45 per cent to 0.96 per cent in the same period last year, and the market ranked twenty-third, which is expected to increase continuously compared with the share of brokering and credit markets driven by the same stream the previous year.
▪ Securities Futures Brokering (iv) Tax breaks provide a light cost base, and the downward adjustment rate is the key to the passenger flow 10,000 yuan, 48.11% less than in 2016. First, Tibetan Eastern wealth is taxed at 15% of the Western Open Income Tax, and collects it.
For high-technology enterprises, a 15% tax discount on corporate income tax for 2015-2017, on the other hand, a light-cost basis provides room for lower rates. In 2016, companies took the initiative to reduce the Fund ' s third-party sales requisition rates.
The impact of factors such as lower requisition rates is that revenues from financial e-commerce services have fallen by 3.04 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but the number of recipients and transactions of the Sky Fund Network has increased significantly under the downward adjustment.
(i) Building a one-stop-shop application through specialized services. Eastern wealth securities, with their original technological endowments, channel and mobile household groups to channel and transform securities operations, one of the key points is the synergy between information technology and financial services.
At the trend level, the client and mobile end of the financial scene should have great market potential. According to China’s Internet Information Centre (CNIC), China’s forty-first edition of China’s Inter-China Mutual Report was published in Kyoto.
As of December 2017, the number of Internet users in the country stood at 772 million, reaching 55.8 per cent, exceeding the global average (51.7 per cent) by 4.1 percentage points, and exceeding the Asian average (46.7 per cent) by 9.1 percentage points. The number of mobile users reached 753 million, or 97.54 per cent.
The size of Internet users buying Internet finance products is 129 million, a 30.2 per cent increase over the same year, and the size of the IMF online finance continues to grow at a high rate.
For retail customers, securities information, such as Eastern Wealth, Equity Bar, and investment recommended information can enhance user stickyness and meet consultancy acquisition needs; for institutional clients, the professional data service end-to-end is used as a vehicle to provide a full range of financial services applications for institutional users.
(ii) Mobilization of resources for integrated operations and core competitiveness, and now Eastern wealth has become the leading domestic Internet securities broker, with a stronger core competitiveness in customer base and sticky. While active networking sites are being built, companies continue to enrich online product types and upgrade services
Capacity and user experience. On the one hand, promote the scale and end-of-life fund sales of Internet platforms and increase the value of marketing channels: on the other hand, use financial data services, mobile-end currents, end-product innovation and research and development. On a light-cost basis, implement the integrated operation of business modules and create synergies and promote rapid growth in securities brokering and finance coupons.
In addition, companies are actively expanding the range of services provided by the Internet financial services platform and are working to extend and improve the service chain. The Department has invested in the establishment of the Eastern Wealth Exchanges Ltd., which is intended to carry out services-related operations, and in the establishment of insurance agencies to meet the needs of a wide range of investors for diversified and personalized services.
(iii) Serving as a conduit for brokering, constantly enriching products to enhance customer stickyness The transition to a comprehensive financial service with a wealth management approach will further develop in the future towards receiving channels for wealth management clients.
At present, our stock market continues to account for the highest share of investors in individual investors, but it is still a clear market scarcity, consistent with current financial management, fee collection, user habits and experiences of emerging groups of investors, and
It is proposed to build on the “one-stop” business strategy of Eastern wealth, to pool core resources such as information, data, and fund sales channels, to enhance the client's service experience and develop customer investment practices, and to make four, profit predictions and investment proposals.
Eastern wealth has a flow platform of “Oriental Wealth Network + Equity + Sky Fund Network” and is qualified for integrated financial operations, and retail brokering has an industry-led advantage. Internet plate pb is now valued at 5.15 and Eastern wealth pb at 4.62, with a configuration value. Companies have been expected to have a maximum pb, a minimum and a median of 5.8, 3.5 and 4.6, respectively, over the last three years.
Market downturns have led to less-than-expected business: regulation of the Internet financial sector has been strengthened, company financial statement data projections have been aggregated, and research has been undertaken on the direction of the development of emerging industries.
Wang Xing, Master of Accounting, Zhejiang University, three years in real estate trust, financed the real estate industry. In June 2017, Chen Xiang, a PhD in Business Law, and a PhD in Finance, joined the student securities in 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,