Sino-Sin securities issued a report in the first quarter of 2020, generating business income of $128.524 billion, which is an increase in China's China-Sino-Sin Group.
A positive 20 per cent increase in operating income and a decline in net profit due to credit impairment: an increase in the market value of a share of liquidity (billion dollars) over the same period, a decrease of 4.28 per cent in net profit over the same year for 1020, although a decrease is also lower than for the industry as a whole
Performance is more resilient, far superior to industry, and it maintains a dominant position in the first echelons, capital strength continues to expand, and the vanguard power continues to grow: corporate capital strength continues to grow, with the increase in equity and capital stock as a result of a broad share acquisition licence, coupled with growth in profitability.
The increase in undistributed profits and the significant increase in total assets, in addition to the extensive acquisition factors, are due to the growth and value added of the assets in question as a result of the transition to discipline and self-employment. Brokering, financial management and self-employment have performed better than industry as a whole, especially if they have performed better than industry as a whole.
Old solid, excellent investment and investment performance as a proportion of operating income (excluding other business costs) increased significantly to 49.19 per cent, good profitability declined, and high base-based institutional elasticity declined.
In addition to the company’s net brokering share in 1020, the agency’s high share of business is also explained by the fact that a share fund is relatively more active than a stock exchange in the first quarter.
At the same time, the commission rate is expected to continue to decline at a rate lower than the market equity base, judging by the fact that net revenue from corporate brokerage is growing at a rate lower than the average for the industry.
At the end of the year, the portfolio size stood at 997 trillion, down 7.09 per cent from the end of the previous year, while net equity income in the securities sector registered a positive increase of 16.40 per cent during the same period, expected to result from a rise in the share of active business. SCM 102020 net revenue increased by 24.72 per cent on a year-on-year basis, better than the industry as a whole, and is expected to benefit from it.
Self-employed business performed significantly better than their counterparts, and earnings from fair value changes increased significantly. Companies achieved self-employment gains of $5.604 billion in 1020, an increase of 11.91% over the industry average of 55.12pt, largely benefiting.
In addition, corporate investment returns have remained stable over the years, and there is room for investment returns to be released if factors such as low investment retention and good business performance continue to be taken into account. Net investment income has declined slightly, and net interest income has decreased significantly.
The increase in the size of the ipo, the increase in the volume of payments (principal and fiscal) and the volume of bond underwriting is expected to be driven mainly by a fall in the cost rate, but it remains the industry’s top reserve from the subsequent investment. The net interest charge of the company 1q202020 and a significant increase in interest expenditure of 22.12 per cent are expected mainly due to the sale of the repurchase of financial assets and the payment of bonds.
Interest spending growth, inter alia, as a result of growth. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: Sino-Sino-Sino securities performed more resiliently in the first quarter of 2020, business income grew more, brokerage, self-employment and financial management performed better, but while credit impairments were more costly to reduce net profits,
The leader remains strong and has performed well in the first team, especially in terms of capital strength, and continues to expand. With the capital market re-engineering dividend, the securities sector as a whole has long seen a wide range of development opportunities, with a clear competitive advantage from the regulatory incentives to become a front-runner, and recent refinancing.
The new rules and the Fund’s interest in policy dividends such as the pilot, and the performance of the first-quarter front-runners clearly outperformed the industry, which still outperforms the competition. We still look forward to the development of the Sino-Sin securities, predicting that the company’s 2020, its duration, its shareholdings are not advancing as expected, and credit losses are exceeding expectations.