• A net return of $4.08 billion, or 4.3 per cent less, corresponding to 0.32 yuan/shares;
Period: 1) The company ' s share of revenue of 2020q1 +22.1% to $12.85 billion, the parent ' s share of net profit +- 4.3% to $4.08 billion, which is slightly lower than expected as a result of the company ' s active response to market changes and the adoption of a risk-based risk-assessment posture that substantially accounts for the loss of value on the purchase of re-saled financial assets and stock pledges
15.97 billion yuan (an increase of $1.610 billion over 2019q1). In addition, net profit on the monthly report was positive as a result of accounting for the dividends of the subsidiary, offset by a consolidated statement. 2) The company continued to adopt a sound investment style, with its own operating income corresponding to +16.3 per cent to $5.72 billion, representing nearly 45 per cent of the revenue received.
As a result of the change in fair value, we expect companies to have a robust rate of return in the context of a diversified investment strategy, mainly because of the fact that the market ' s new volume of transactions contributes mainly to the activation of the stock bulk, the high number of clients of the company ' s institutions, and the stable nature of the trading activity, so that the impact of the new turnover is not significant.
▪ A slight decline in investment operations and a policy gain driven the leader to remain a market leader. 1) The company ' s ipo subscription rate has fallen, the net income from the company ' s operations has ranged from $9.9 to $890 million, its ipo underwriting and the overall ipo rate decline has offset the increase in refinancing income (total fixed replenishment is the same ratio)
In addition, 38 projects have been processed (ranked first), in the context of the deepening of capital market reforms, the entrepreneurship board, in the context of the new rules, the company continues to optimize the proactive management of structural transformations, the summer fund expects to expand the business landscape, and policy gains will keep the strong strong strong.
The strategy is to increase the company’s capacity to serve the South China region and to better serve the country’s “Otao Bay” region. The company has now achieved full coverage of its 31 provincial and municipal networks.)
As of 1 April, the foreign equity restrictions on securities companies will be lifted, and opening up to the outside world will take a new step. The company will continue its full-scale investment against the international standards, promoting diversification of its operations, and it is expected that in the future it will further adopt Merger 1, Sino-Portal (600030):
(c) Policies since 2020: a bright, strong and robust growth of performance; and continued promotion, refinancing of new schemes, new securities laws and accelerated pilot reforms of the entrepreneurship registration system.
It creates a favourable environment for the development of coupons, where headbills have a clear understanding of the market, a price-fixing capacity, a sales capacity that is superior to that of small and medium-sized coupons, and where Sino-Kin is a well-deserved champion of professional competence, well-documented and over-expected performance.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies grew slightly less than expected in the first quarter of 2020, as a result of significant impairments in response to market changes. With the completion of the Guangzhou securities acquisition, the build-up of the carrier vouchers is driven by a build-up of regulations.
Business direction + new refinancing regulations, reform of the business register, etc.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board