Net oil and gas production has increased steadily, and cost competitive advantages have been consolidated. On April 29, China's naval oils published a quarterly report in 2025, which achieved a steady increase in net oil and gas production of 1,068.54 * in the first quarter of the year.
Of the total market value, a +h (billion yuan), China ' s net production of 130.8 million barrels of oil equivalent increased by 6.2 per cent from the same year, mainly thanks to contributions from oil and gas fields such as Tanaka 19-6; overseas net production of 58.0 million barrels of oil equivalent increased by 1.9 per cent from the same year.
In terms of prices, Brent's crude oil futures averaged US$/bpd, a decrease of 7.7% compared to the previous year; the average realized gas price was $7.78/km3, an increase of 1.2% compared to the international context, in which the company's unaudited revenue from oil and gas sales was around the population.
The impact of the fall in oil prices was partly offset by a rise in the volume of oil and gas sales. The competitive advantage of barrel oil costs was further consolidated.
China’s sea oil, thanks to lower barrel oil production costs and international leading production technology, maintains a high level of efficiency in storage, precipitation, profitability, and production capacity. The cost of barrel oil in the first quarter of 2025 was $27.03, a 2.0 per cent decline in the same year, and its main cost is well regulated and further consolidated.
• Active promotion of new projects into production. In the first quarter of 2025, companies obtained a total of 2 new discoveries and successfully evaluated 14 oil- and gas-containing structures
Of these, the newly discovered 10-5 stubble shows the vast pre-exploration landscape in the northern Gulf Basin, and the successful evaluation of the 36-1 south of Zhen, which is expected to become a medium-sized oil field. In terms of production development, the 1-field integrated adjustment project, phase 2 of the Wenchang 19-1 oil field project and the Buzios7 project in Brazil have been developed.
Other new projects are well under way. In the first quarter of 2025, China spent approximately RMB 27.710 billion, a 4.5 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to exploration work and the restructuring of wells.
3. New oil exploration contract for Brazil at sea, increased production of high-quality assets off the sea, and new projects at a slower pace than expected;
The data and information used in this report, using information that is legally compliant and produced independently and objectively, are based on publicly available information on the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.