Accomplishment of high performance and higher investment value in the face of adversity Events: 29 April 2025, China Sea Oil released the first quarter of 2025. 2025q1, China Sea Oil (600938.sh)
The profit is 3,563 million yuan, corresponding to 7.95 per cent of the year, and the ring ratio + 71.84 per cent; the price of the net profit is reduced by a discounted price of tar.01 The price of oil is $72.65 per barrel \triangleright \triangleright
In comparison to $6.10, Ring + $2.57 per barrel, the discounted price of oil is $1.94 per barrel (a discrepancy between field oils and oils; the company achieves a gas price of $7.78 per cubic foot (a comparison + 0.09, Ring + $0.23 per barrel), and we believe that it is mainly subject to a company-based pricing formula and downstream market
In terms of cost, the cost of low barrel oil continues to be consolidated. q1 company barrel oil costs $27.03/barrel \triangleright
As a result of the decrease in US$/barrells, the decline in operating costs was largely influenced by changes in the structure of the company’s production, while the fall in taxes was mainly affected by the decline in international oil prices. q1 gas production increased dramatically in terms of production.q1 oil and gas production was 188.8 million barrels.
\triangleright sub-product type: oil liquid production, 145.5 million barrels, +341 per cent, ring ratio + 0.62 per cent; natural gas production, 253 billion cubic feet, +10.24 per cent, ring ratio +86.3 per cent, company 01 natural
The increase in gas production was mainly due to the contribution of the mary water 25-1, titanium 19-6, and Indonesia’s East Timor project.In the sub-region, domestic and overseas oil and gas production was 121.4 and 57.1 million barrels equivalent, respectively, of which the domestic ratio was +6.17 per cent, the ring ratio + 7.74 per cent, benefiting from the contribution of oil and gas fields, such as the titanium 19-6, and the sea;
The marginal diminishing impact of oilfields in Africa, Europe, etc. 01 has entered into production of 26-6 rounds of joint development projects in the middle of the region (high yield of 223,000 barrels per day), 10/11 blocks (high yield of 136,000 barrels per day), and Buzios 7 in Brazil
Sinda Securities Inc. Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: We predict the company ' s net return profit in 2025-2027 \triangleright
I don't know what you're talking about, cindasecuritiesco.
The price of the inventory is 8.75, 8.39 and 7.97 times, respectively, and the share is 5.41, 5.19 and 4.93 times higher. Given that the company benefits from the cost of low barrel oil and the increase in production, it is expected that the company will continue to perform well in 2025-2027, and that there is still room for restoration in the valuation of the share.
They maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company’s a and h shares. Risk factors: economic volatility and downside risk of oil prices; the company’s yield increase at a slower rate than expected; and economic sanctions and geopolitical risks.
Mr. Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of Industry of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development
Planning research, revision of technology policy in the coal industry and enterprise-related advice were conducted on 100 topics, and in June 2016, the Union ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Director-General's assistant led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry, and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents on oil and gas industry planning, construction of a new energy system, industry carbon peaks and high-quality development in the national ministry.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.