- China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident assessment report; China Sea Oil issued annual performance report: total operating income for the entire year 2024
In 2024, the company continued to increase production and improve its control over scarce oil and gas resources. In terms of production, the company produced 727 million barrels of oil equivalent throughout the year.
With Guyana's production of Payara and the steady progress of new projects in the country, the company's oil and gas production is expected to continue at a faster rate. In terms of sales, the company's oil is expected to grow faster.
Sales amounted to 563 million barrels of oil equivalent for the year as a whole, an increase of 9.4 per cent over the same year, indicating a stronger growth in market demand. As a result of the decline in international oil prices, oil prices averaged $76.75 per barrel for the year, a decline of about 1.6 per cent in corporate gas.
The annual sales volume reached 87,031 billion cubic feet, an increase of 7.8% from the previous year, showing a steady growth in sales. But, under the influence of China’s gas market, supply and demand easing, the average price of natural gas is $7.72 per kilogram.
1. China Sea Oil (600938), q3 Oil and Gas Production Increases, Quality Multi-Assumption Assets Supported Robust Corporate Operating Costs Increase by 9.8% from year to year, but barrel Oil Operating Costs are effective in the company
Business 2024-11-13 is almost even. The company’s strong cost-control capacity, based on resource reserves, has enabled barrel oil to perform at the best level in history, cash flow.
Cost continues to be explored to $28.52/bail oil equivalents, and corporate profitability continues to be protected.3 China Sea Oil (600938); High net oil and gas production, overperformance of 2024q1
High-capital spending has enabled high-quality development of hydrocarbon operations. In terms of the cost of the period, companies have maintained sales, management, R & D rates of $1 billion, an increase of $358 million over the same period, and the financial cost of companies has increased over the same period.
On the cash flow side, the net cash flow generated by the company’s operations is the expenditure side, with the company’s capital expenditure amounted to 13.27 billion yuan yuan for the entire year of 2024, mainly for the purpose of maintaining investment in the production of additional reserves and oil and gas infrastructure.
The company’s resilience to risks has been highlighted, with robust operations and shareholder returns matched by China’s sea oils showing greater risk resistance in a complex international political environment.
In spite of the decline in operating revenues and net profits in the fourth quarter, the company was well-recruited, and the board recommended that a share be released for the end of 2024.
Companies have actively increased their production and expanded their resource reserves further. Companies are forecast to experience significant declines in oil prices; new projects are less than expected; annual production is less than expected; uncertainty about net gains from fair price changes; and the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.