China Sea Oil (600938.sh) China Ocean Stone 23 May 2025 Oil (0883.hk): Cost advantages consolidated, capital
China Sea Oils China’s spending on high-quality development with a steady focus - 1st quarter of 2024 and 2025
Hong Kong Investment Holding Company (HKIC), a trading company. Its operations include conventional oil and gas operations, shale operations, oil and sand operations, and other non-conventional oil and gas operations.
The exploration, exploitation and production of products such as crude oil, natural gas, etc., fell by 7.9 per cent compared to the previous period, and the trading branch was engaged in trading operations such as crude oil, natural gas, etc.
The Division operates mainly in such markets as China, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, Indonesia, and Brazil. The financial indicators for 2024 were robust, with a strong increase in net return profits.
Focus on the main oil and gas industry, increasing production on a continuous basis, higher oil and gas production, higher net interest rates on sales, and national debt and cross-equity presentations: The combined effect of fluctuations in international oil prices, resulting in increased net profit on the mother.
The net cash flow from corporate operations amounted to RMB 220.9 billion a year, an increase of 5 per cent over the same year. Million barrels, an increase of 3.41 per cent over the same year, and natural gas production, a rise of 253 million barrels over the same year.
The impact of the fall in oil prices was offset in part by the fact that during the quarter, the company ' s average realized oil prices were $72.65 per barrel, a 7.7 per cent decline over the same period; the average realized gas prices were $7.78.
The cost of barrel oil has been steadily reduced and the cost advantage has been consolidated. The cost of barrel oil in 2024 was $28.52 per barrel, down 1.08 per cent from $28.83 per barrel in 2023.
The operating cost was $7.61 per barrel equivalent, which is roughly the same as the cost for 23 years. Of this amount, the operating cost of barrel oil in China was $6.87 per barrel equivalent, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the same period, while the operating cost of barrel oil abroad was $9.31 per barrel equivalent, a decrease of 4.7 per cent for company 25q1.
barrel oil costs of $27.03 per barrel (year-year-0.56, ring-$2.61 per barrel), mainly due to reduced operating costs ($6.69 per barrel, same-$0.22 per barrel) and taxes other than income tax ($3.76 per barrel, same-year-$0.29 per barrel), including operating costs
The decline is mainly influenced by changes in the structure of corporate production, and the fall in tax revenues is largely offset by a decline in international oil prices. In 2025, the company will maintain high capital expenditure and optimize capital expenditure structures, with development-focused budgets stable compared to those in which expenditures on exploration, development and production capitalization, respectively, account for the total.
Prospectives and ratings of profits: we see high storage space, high cost control capacity, high performance stability, higher production expectations, and we predict that the company will return from 2025 to 2027.
Risks from volatility: (3) exposure to exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange controls: (4) risk of forward-looking judgment on oil and gas prices and actual deviations.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh) China Ocean Oil (0883.hk): Consolidation of cost advantages, steady capital spending focused on high-quality development
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China Sea Oil (600938.sh) China Ocean Oil (0883.hk): Cost advantages are consolidated and capital spending is well focused on high-quality development.
Mowenjing Securities, covering mainly research in the fields of energy extraction and transformation, carbon neutrality, and so on. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.