On the evening of March 27, China's China Sea Oil published its 2024 report, which generated 42,506 million yuan a year.
• Good business level, asset impairment affecting current profits four quarters down the oil price shock, overseas asset impairment affecting profits and business sound. Company ' s total market value a+h (billion yuan)
For four quarters, crude oil prices continued to fall because of the expected decline in demand and the easing of geo-conflicts, while the other side was affected by the foreign region's oil and gas asset write-off readiness, year-round asset impairment, and a drop in barrel oil costs. The core competitive advantage was highlighted. China's sea oil was produced with low barrel oil.
Cost, international leading production technologies, streamlined and efficient staffing efficiency gains, and profitability in the industry. The cost of barrel oil in 2024 was $28.52, a decrease of $1 per barrel from the same year to the same period last year. Companies depreciated, depreciated and amortized the cost of barrel oil in 2024.
14.34 US$/barrells, an increase of 2.0 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the impact of changes in production structure. Exploration costs are largely at the same level as in the previous year.
In recent years, China ' s sea oils have been implementing positive capital spending to ensure the achievement of the strategic objective of increasing production in storage, insisting on a global strategy of increasing production, increasing capital growth from 2016 onwards, and leading the industry of corporate reserves and production growth under the safeguards of spending. The company ' s oil day in late 2024.
Net gas confirmed reserves amounting to 7.27 billion barrels of oil equivalent, storage life (including equity accounting reserves) remained at 10 years and storage replacement rate reached 167 per cent. Net oil and gas production reached an all-time high of 726,8 million in 2024.
(a) During the reporting period, the company acquired 11 new discoveries globally to build a trillion-dollar atmosphere in the South China Sea;
10 sector oil contracts between Brazil and Iraq, which provide the basis for the company's future growth in production
3. Continued innovation in oil and gas production, barrel oil maintenance and perimeter development projects and joint development projects for blocks 10/11 (supreme 11-12 oil fields/supreme 10-1 oil fields/supreme 10-2 field adjustment joint development projects) and overseas Gui
Future upstream exploration will focus on finding large- and medium-sized oil and gas fields, and will continue to build up the base of productive resources. The company will maintain a steady increase in oil and tilt towards gas; stabilize the sea, accelerate the South Sea, and expand the East Sea.
To explore the Yellow Sea as a powerful foreign country; and to promote unconventional hydrocarbon development. • Focus on shareholder returns, maintaining a high rate of red and dividends, a rate of 7.58 per cent for ocean oil (h).
(1) The exploration for new projects has not progressed as expected: (2) the price of crude oil and gas has fluctuated significantly; (3) changes in industrial policy.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.