Oil and gas production has increased steadily, and the cost advantage has continued to deepen. \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright calculates that 24.5% of the target has been achieved. For the subregion, the net oil and gas production of companies in the country/Overseas, respectively, has benefited from domestic growth from the contribution of oil and gas fields such as 19-6 in the \triangleright, while overseas growth has benefited from Brazilian mero 2, etc.
Contribution of the project; by sub-product, oil/gas production was 146 million barrels (253.1 million cubic feet) respectively, while the Lent crude oil futures settlement price was $74.98/bbl, a decline of 8.3 per cent in the same year, corporate oil prices followed the market wave, and 25q1 oil prices were $72.65/bbl, a decrease of 7.7 per cent in the same year, while gas prices rose inversely, and realized
The gas price was $7.78 per thousand cubic feet, an increase of 1.2 per cent over the same period. The new project has been steadily moving forward, with a continuous increase in productivity. The company has put in place seven new projects, of which a domestic peak of 22,300 barrels of oil equivalent/day in the 26-6 oil field development project and 26-6 barrels of oil in the grass.
Over 200 million cubic metres of cumulative oil and gas geological reserves were discovered in the field, which took only three years from discovery to commissioning; joint block development project 10/11; phase II of the Wenchang 19-1 oil field project; and high level of the Cao Cao Tien 6-4 oil field integrated adjustment project
The peak production exceeded 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 13,600 barrels, 12,000 barrels per day, and 11,000 barrels per day; the Brazilian buzios7 project abroad, fpso, designed 225,000 barrels of crude oil per day and 12 million barrels of natural gas per day, contributing to the production of 1 million barrels per day in Brazil in the second half of the year, for one of the world ' s largest fpso.
Lugage, Research Assistant, US$\triangleright/barrel, mainly due to the impact of the decline in international oil prices; barrel oil operation costs decreased by between 3.2 per cent and $6.69 per year.
In addition, depreciation and amortization/disposal/sale of barrel oil and China Sea Oil (600938.sh) 2024 Annual Report: A steady rise in production of offshore oil and gas taps, with an increase in the red rate of commitment
Investment proposals: high storage space for companies, high cost-control capacity and willingness to redecorate, high dividends in the context of high oil price poles, and as the National Investment Commission separates between the realization of listed company values and market value management: 24q3 profit growth, new signature of Brazilian block potential
The undervalued valuation is expected to achieve rationality in the company performance evaluation system and in the evaluation of the head of the company, with nine times as many pe as 29 April 2024/10/29, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright 5. China ' s sea oils (600938.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2024
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.