Construction Bank (601939): 3-quarterly review 2021: accelerated growth in revenue and good asset quality Events: 62,405 million yuan in operating income for the first three quarters of 2021, representing a 9.3 per cent increase over the same period;
The net profit of shareholders belonging to the Bank was $23,215.3 billion, an increase of 12.8 per cent over the same period.  A summary of performance at the end of the period of 30.14 trillion dollars in total assets: significant growth in investment returns accelerated overall income and higher net profit growth.
On the structural side, investment returns are driven by core factors: 1 net interest income increase by 4.9 per cent over the year; faster growth in management, etc.; 3 investment returns (including fair value) increased significantly by 70.4 per cent in the first three quarters of the year (7.1 per cent over the same period in the first half of the year) and became the core of growth in non-interest income and total income, forecasted to boost growth in total income.
The three-quarters net return on public debt fell fast. The previous three quarters saw a 12.8% increase in net profit relative to the previous quarter, a further acceleration over the 11.4% reported, which we believe is better than market expectations, because last year’s third-quarter base was actually higher than the ring.
To benefit from credit impairment, the previous three quarters saw a 11.9% decline in the same year, and, given the current steady medium-term improvement in asset quality, there is no need for higher impairments. ▪ Asset liabilities: net interest differentials remain low, and four quarters of credit delivery is expected to accelerate.
However, in a three-quarter economic downturn, credit demand was weak, with a modest 1.3 per cent increase in the public loan ring, a 2.1 per cent increase in the personal loan ring, and a strong 23.0 per cent increase in the bond discount ring, which would accelerate, benefiting from the acceleration of the issuance of special-purpose debt and the construction of banks as leading housing loans.
Following up on the marginal easing of the policy on mortgages, the backlog of mortgage loans is expected to accelerate delivery. The net interest gap for the first three quarters was 2.12%, down from 1 bp in the first half of the year, and we measured interest rates for the first three quarters – asset quality: a downward trend in bad rates, and the overall control of public risk in real estate.
The negative rate at the end of the third quarter is 1.51%, compared to 2bp at the end of the second quarter, and the amount of non-performing loans is largely guaranteed.
At the end of June, it accounted for 4.1 per cent of total loans, and this part of the credit was evaluated annually: the inclusive financial pole.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: three-quarter growth in income of construction banks, sharp investment returns, and still narrow net profit spreads, but market expectations are adequate. Quality of assets and net profits are growing faster than market forecast . Quarterly reviews: asset quality pressures
The market’s continued pessimism about macroeconomic expectations since the third quarter has led to a continuing downswing in the value of state-owned major banks. But, with credit rising in the fourth quarter, steady growth is expected to pick up, and the current state-owned super-low valuation is attractive for absolute profit investors.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board