The Center for Resources and Environmental Research has a net profit of 1,292 million yuan, an increase of 3.82 per cent, and eps 0.435 dollars. q1 income has fallen as a result of the epidemic, while the cost of the fall has been offset by the impact of the epidemic. q1 companies have been affected by the epidemic.
Product prices have fallen year-on-year, and incomes have fallen year-on-year; q1 has a combined Māori ratio of 17.28 per cent, which is the same as the ring, showing a further increase in the company’s cost-control capacity and, to some extent, the impact of the epidemic.
In physical terms, corporate q1 performance has grown in reverse, far better than industry averages, and has also highlighted the diversity of the super-styrene industry and its procyclical advantage. Special steel downstream is relatively fragmented, involving high-end equipment manufacturing such as cars, engineering machinery, military aviation, oil extraction, energy, etc., for a single industry.
At the same time, our production of special steel is low, and the development of industries such as high-end equipment will continue to drive the growth of the consumption of special steel, and the product will develop at the mid-to-high end with the prospect of further opening up import substitution space. With the restructuring of the company in 19 years, the company will have a special steel production capacity of more than 14 million tons per year, becoming a listed steel company.
The company’s good cost-management capacity, the countercyclical nature of the super-cate steel industry, is expected to continue to grow in reverse against a background of overall weakness in the industry’s profitability, with sustained endogenous growth over time. The company is now a global steel plant with a high coverage, full variety, and product categories.
There are four major production bases for Jiangyang, Qingjia, Huang-seok, and Jingjiang. The country’s leader is well established, with more than 80% of the country’s many varieties of steel, including axle and steel; research and development inputs, the proportion of the industry’s top three; and synergies between the bases to increase production and reduce efficiency gains, such as the Qingjio Steel Renewal Project, have not yet taken place.
In addition, companies have a history of merger restructuring with experience and a capacity for peer integration, and subsequent potential integration is expected to open up further room for imagination.
Niwenyi@gjzq.com.cn score, after which an average of the final rating was calculated as an average market investment