The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) event: the company issued an advance performance announcement for 2020, expected to be owned by its parent shareholders throughout 2020
The rapid growth of the profit end in 2020 is expected to be due mainly to the accelerated construction of infrastructure for the 5g communications network and the expansion of investment by downstream idc manufacturers. The company has taken advantage of the 5g network to accelerate the construction and rapid growth of the idc market.
Continue to accelerate the development of high-speed light modules, 5g-related light modules, and actively engage in stable partnerships with mainstream global communications equipment and idc manufacturers. A number of high-end module products have been certified by the company’s large downstream customers and have been delivered in bulk, and are expected to continue to grow rapidly in 2021.
• Research and development inputs have continued to grow, and help companies raise the market share of light modules. In 2020, companies built up more than a billion yuan, a 24.3 per cent increase in volume delivery of 100g light modules, 400g light modules, etc.
Enterprises with high-speed luminator chip encapsulations and lightware encapsulations have made a number of advances in the development of high-speed luminous modules, 5g-related light modules, and lightware-related products. For example, the former company has more than 3,000 different types of light module products covering a variety of standard communication network interfaces and transmissions.
Technology indicators such as transmission rates, light wavelengths, and their extensive application to data centres, telecommunications, data broadband, security surveillance, smart power grids, etc. have a stronger competitive advantage. The competitive advantage of energy efficiency is clear, and the market share is expected to continue to rise.
On the one hand, companies continue to maintain upstream and downstream industrial chain core resources and cloud company customer management and outreach, and on the other hand, with the large roll-out of the 5g network worldwide and the new and upgraded data centres, it is high.
In the global market context, the global distribution of client regions and the diversification of the client industry provide a reliable guarantee for the future development of companies and the digestion of productive capacity. The net return profit over the next three years will reach a combined growth rate of 64%.
Single-fall, 400g light module output continues to increase, industry climates add 5g building catalysts 1. New Quality of Operations, Performance 1: With the full roll-out of 5g and the rapid development of the idc market, North American idc manufacturers will rise significantly
Level network transmission rate, the demand for 400g light module operations will increase significantly, company point-to-point product prices are expected to increase, full price dividends will be enjoyed, Māori rates will rise, assuming point-to-point order increases for the light module from 2020 to 2022
The acceleration of the construction of 5g and the upgrading of the idc network transmission will also benefit as a pon light module with access to the grid light module, with a large number of orders obtained, which fell rapidly in 2019 as a result of the relocation of the company's strategic focus point to the light module, which is projected for the future assuming that the company's component business is not the main business, and that as the company evolves into a scale effect in the industry, future operations will take place
We have selected three comparable companies in the light communication module industry, with three companies predicting an average valuation of 30 times in 2021, and given that the acceleration of construction of 5g and the upgrading of idc will result in a large volume of orders for the light module, the average valuation level of the industry is expected to rise in 2021. The company has taken the lead as a leading company in the light module industry, leading the product technology industry, and new products have taken the lead.
With the certification of large downstream customers and the gradual start of delivery, the volume of corporate light module orders is expected to rise significantly in 2021, and we believe that corporate valuations will be higher than industry averages.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.