Energy release echoes the industry landscape, and high performance determines that the new Leisure 2020 annual performance forecast will be evaluated.
Modular industry's upswings have effectively boosted the demand for the company's 5g echo and high-speed light modules, allowing the company's performance to grow at a very high rate, in line with our previous expectations. The high-speed light module production has increased, opening up a new growth cycle.
The company now has 25 gbidisfp28, 50 gqspf28lr/er products for the telecommunications market, and has 100 gqsfp28dr, 200gcfp2lr/er, 400gqsfp-dd and osfp dr4/fr4 high-speed light module products in the digital market; in March 2020, the company released a fixed addition plan to raise total funds.
More than 1.65 billion yuan (inclusive), of which 1.35 billion yuan is to be invested in the High Rate Light Module Production Lines Project, to supplement the liquidity of 300 million dollars. The company announced on 7 December 2020 that the proposed increase had been successfully completed and that the increase had served as an expansion of production lines and capacity, and business development had been successful; in November 2020, the company released 400gqsfp-ddddr4 silicon.
The company's continued investment in the development and production of medium- and high-speed module products drives the company's high performance and a steady increase in the Māori ratio of q1, q2 and q3 in 2020. Looking forward to 2021, the proposed construction of over 600,000 new 5g base stations across the country will result in a double increase in the number and specifications of light modules and a new data centre.
Building and upgrading will further boost the demand for high-speed light module products, and companies are expected to reap core benefits. As customers break and the company ' s high-speed light modules continue to increase their penetration in the telecommunications and digital markets, the company ' s advantage in the light communications segment market will be further consolidated, and the company will start a new cycle of growth that is expected to sustain revenues and profits.
Research Assistant: The deployment and upgrading of the Fuminge 5g network and the new and upgraded data centre will continue to contribute to the high profile of the light module industry. By taking advantage of R & D advantages, diversified market layout and advanced supply chain management capabilities, the company is a leader in the light module field.
New Emancipation - 300502 - fixed points of increase. Pe was 51x in 2020, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
5g and the data centre were not built as expected; the overseas epidemic was over-expected; the company's additional fund-raising project was not advanced as expected; Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, was employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
Fu Jin Fei, Chief of Communications, Master of Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, Deep Farmer Communications for 12 years, formerly employed in China as Technology Ltd., Wireless Communication Research, Development Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Senior Outreach Manager, Cloud Computation Solutions, 2020 Allies Democratic Securities, author with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,