A little over-expected, a little over-expected when high-speed growth was right, with 5g and data centre double-wheel drive, up by 96.25 per cent. Rings up by 4 per cent.
The slowdown reflects a strong growth momentum. The significant increase is due to a sustained increase in the delivery of high-speed light module products, driven by the construction of 5g and data centres, and continued optimization of product and customer structures.
This year, it is still at the peak of a 5-g construction, with a 5-g base building agreement in place for wide power and mobile co-building, and the five-g base station building is still optimistic. The current 5-g series is about to open, the equipment dealer pulls the goods, and the demand is determined throughout the year. The company ' s telecommunications market customers cover the global mainstream equipment suppliers and are based on value.
High-end high-end markets are now full of hand orders, full of people, able to use the market to make a breakthrough, opening up incremental space for 400-g of company products in 2019, making a breakthrough for overseas customers, and releasing 2020-q2 over time.
"The industry landscape plus, which leads to a rapid increase in the share of revenues in the market through 100 g of products.
Quality of products and delivery capacity. In the future, it is expected that, in the context of a continuous increase in the share of the former large clients, a larger number of clients will be reached, opening up incremental space.
In November 2020, companies released 400g based on silicon light solutions.
Photo module product dr4. Research and development for 800g products is also actively under way to ensure that companies are the fastest growing module manufacturer in the last two years and continue to raise 400g below expectations in 5g and in a digital market climate, with a drop in 100g prices and increased competition in the telecommunications market.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.