The high-speed light module share is expected to increase as a result of the accelerated replacement of 400 g of IT technology hardware and equipment Events: The company issued a performance forecast for 2020, with a net return profit expected by 2020
High performance growth is expected and the industry’s climate continues. Company q4 continues to maintain high growth, and if q4 returns a median of $158 million net profit on a median performance forecast basis, it rises by 97.50 per cent and the ring by 4.64 per cent.
The company benefits from the rapid development of the data centre market and the acceleration of the 5g network, the continued growth in the output of medium- and high-speed products, the further optimization of product and customer structures, and the continued increase in profitability.
This is intended for the construction of high-speed light module production lines and the replenishment of liquidity.
Modular production lines cover mainly 5g communication light module, 100g light module and 400g light module, project total market value/flow (million yuan) will add 2.85 million high-speed high-speed light modules with an annual capacity after delivery to drive the company light communication module product
A 12-month high/minimum upgrade and an overall rise in R & D levels. The company is now the second-largest light-model manufacturer in the country, and with this target increase it is expected to leapfrog again to significantly improve its competitiveness.
China’s light-module manufacturer showed a bright view in 2020, and the global industrial chain continued to shift to China. According to the latest data from Lightcounting, China’s light module and active cable market reached $2.2 billion, or 32% of the world’s total.
Modular suppliers will dominate the global market in 2020, with a market share of over 50%. Although, under the influence of the epidemic, the scale of 400g and higher speed modules (including 400zr and zr+) will take longer, we remain optimistic about next year's light module demand, and companies will.
I hope to continue to enjoy the dividends of the industry.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.