Quarterly net profit and ring up, inner Mongols are being phased out.
Investment rating: better than large city (maintained) Rainfall: event: Bo Fung Energy issued an advance performance announcement for the first quarter of 2025. Ningxia Fong Energy Group Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”)
The net return to the mother is expected to be 2.25 billion yuan to 2.500 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 929 million yuan to 1,079 million yuan in product sales compared to the same period in the previous year; the decline in gas-based coal, power-fired coal prices and higher profitability of the products of the herbs; the national credit industry perspective: 1) the gradual release of 3 million tons of herbs in Mongolia within the company, and sales of herbs will continue to increase; 2) the fall in coal prices will help
The cost of strong coal-based hydrocarbons has decreased, the cost advantage of coal-based hydrocarbons has increased, and the company ' s profit margins have improved; 3) The company Ningdong IV and Xinjiang hydrocarbons project have steadily advanced, and the expansion of the production capacity of the main product polyfins has continued.
The first quarter of 2025 saw an increase in BFW performance, mainly as a result of higher production and sales and higher profitability. The company expected to achieve a net return to the mother during the first quarter of 2025. The main reason for this increase was the pilot production of 3 million tonnes/year-old HC4 in Inner Mongolia, which resulted in a significant increase in sales of HC4 products; and the fall in the price of gas-based raw materials, power-powered coal and higher profitability of HC4 products.
The company ' s multi-project progresses steadily, and the main product, polyolefin production, continues to expand. Following the pilot production of the three million tons of bronze in the interior, the company ' s coal production capacity has increased significantly from 2.2 million tons to 5.2 million tons/year, while the company ' s coal-based hydrocarbon project is continuing: Ningdong ' s four-stage 500,000 tons of coal-based hydrocarbons, resulting in the addition of 250,000 tonnes/year of ethylene acetic acid (eva) and 300,000 tonnes/year of ethylene condensate (eva) and 300,000 tonnes/year of ethylene acetic acid.
Annual polypropylene (pp) products, currently completed as planned in project site levelling, ground-based cementing, etc. 2) Xinjiang Project 4 million tonnes of Xinjiang is supported by an expert review of project documents such as ep-evaluation, security assessment, etc. Environmental impact assessment of the Xinjiang New Coal Clean and Efficient Conversion Coup Coal Coal Coal Coal Cod Project Demonstration Project on Low Carbon Chemicals and New Materials for Green Hydrogen
For the first time, public participation is announced. Xinjiang's new coal-based materials, Ltd., is a full-scale energy subsidiary. The new project includes 4 x 2.8 million tonnes/year methanol (containing empty fractions, gasification, transformation, purification, methanol synthesis unit), 4 x 1 million tonnes/year methanol-based hydrocarbons, 4 x 1.1 million tonnes/year of bronze, 3 x 650,000 tonnes/year of polypropene, 3 x 650,000 tonnes/year of polyethylene, 1 set of 250,000 tonnes/year c4-1-butylene
Maleene devices, 1 290,000 tonnes/year steam fission devices, 1 30,000 tonnes/year ultra-molecular polyethylene devices, 1 250,000 tonnes/yeareva devices, 1 50,000 tonnes/year mma/pmma devices and accompanying public engineering, ancillary engineering and storage facilities, etc.
The price of coal has fallen to contribute to the cost of acrylic acrylic hydrocarbons, the cost advantage of acrylic acrylic acrylic acne has increased, the price of a coal pit has been increased by 516 yuan/tonne (same as -23%, ring ratio - 17%) and the price of coal has continued to decline. The price of coal has continued to fall to the cost gap between coal and oil, the cost gap of acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylates has increased and the comparative advantage of the company has increased. Coal is expected to remain easy in supply and demand in the country in 2025.
Carbon prices have fallen or will further increase coal imports, and coal prices are moving in the centre. According to Treasure information, in the first quarter of 2025, the average cost of coal and oil-based herbs was $6556/8027 per tonne, while coal-made hydrocarbons had a cost advantage of approximately $1,471 per tonne, compared to $719 per ton in the fourth quarter of 2024.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.