A significant increase in performance was recorded for 2025 q1, with a significant increase in the contribution of the Inner Mon Project Events: the company recently published a quarterly report in 2025, which generated $10,771 million over the period, together with the Inner Mon project, and the sales and sales of polyolefins, with a significant increase in performance in the first quarter of the year.
Ten thousand tonnes, compared to 28.72/29.53 and 27.44/2676 million tonnes in the same period last year, and the production of polyfins.The average unit price for polyethylene and polypropylene q1 was 7023 and 6522 tonnes, respectively, compared to 1.44% and -0.02% in the same period last year, and the price of coal was generally stable, but the price of coal fell significantly during the same period.
The lower coal price increases the profitability of coal-based hydrocarbons, plans projects, or brings in new amounts.
The average unit purchase price for gasated raw materials coal, cokers and powered coal is 494 and 12 months, respectively. The price of acetylene is generally stable over the same period, while the price of the original coal-vinylated acetylene is very high, and the price of polyolefins is very high.
As at 22 April 2025, the average prices of the coal-fired and power-powered markets were $1180 per ton and $573 per ton respectively, a decrease of 15.17 per cent compared to the previous year, and < < < energy-rich (600989.sh) > : Innermont Project.
In addition, the company’s planned Ningdong IV and Xinjiang projects, among others, may result in new increases.
< <Reducing efficiency supports significant growth in performance, building new productive capacity for future growth > - 2024 - < < < To supplement the company's current performance, building new
Domestic macroeconomic recovery does not meet the expected risks; industry competition increases the risks; force majeure risks, etc. Productive capacity to build future growth space >--2024 - 2025q1 performance has increased significantly, with significant increases in the contribution of the Intramund Project
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a signatory to the Pacific, please cancel the receipt, subscription or use of any of the information contained in this report.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.