In Yogan City, where the net profit is higher in the quarter, polyolefins are higher in the quarter, and the net profit is higher in the quarter by the ring. The company collected $10.77 billion in the first quarter of 2025.
The base chemical/chemical feedstock rate is 6.0%, which is more stable than the ring.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company increased its sales of polyethylene, mainly due to the contribution of new energy from the Inner Mongolia Hydrocarbons project.
There is a need for flexibility, policy benefits supported by stacking and overall price stability, and the company polyethylene/poly-done tetra-vinyl hydrocarbons project or an additional 500,000 tonnes of polyolefins: Xinjiang 4 million tonnes of Xinjiang project has received expert review of supporting documentation such as the project's EGAR, QA, etc.
In the first quarter of 2025, corporate coke production/distribution fell by the same ring, mainly due to the downside of the real-estate industry and falling demand for steel. According to Ring 18%, the price of coal fell and the market demand for downstream steel remained weak.
The price of coal has fallen in the cost of acrylic acrylic hydrocarbons. In the first quarter of 2025, the average unit purchase price of the company's main raw material gas was $494/838/348 per ton of coal/coal/power coal, respectively.
The price of coal has continued to decline as a result of a four-quarter increase in net profit from bouncing energy (600989.sh) - the NCP project, a coal pit price of $516.00/t (year-on- 23%, ring ratio - 17%), and a pilot production of bovine energy (600989.sh) - the Inner Mongolia project, where capacity expansion has progressed smoothly.
The first quarter of 2025, the difference between the cost of oil production and coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons has widened, and the company's cost comparative advantage has increased.
Our coal market will remain supply-and-demand-free for the year, with overseas coal prices falling or increasing further coal imports, coal-price hubs or moving downwards. Investment advice: the expansion of the company’s main product, polyolefins, contributes to the increase in profits, and we maintain the company.
The company's net profit in the first quarter of 2025 was 10.07 billion yuan (+30.9% of the year, ring +23.7% of the year), 2.44 billion yuan (+71.5% of the year, ring +35.3%) of the net profit in the first quarter of 2025, while the non-mortality net profit in the company's Mongolian hydrocarbon project was put into production, sales of the main product polyfins were increased, and the level of profitability of polyvinyl hydrocarbons increased.
Both Māori and net interest rates have increased.
Figure 3: Quarterly Māori, Net Interest Rates for Treasure Energy, Figure 4: Quarterly Sales, Management, R & D, and Financial Cost Rates
The market for polyolefins in the country in a quarter is light in demand and demand, supported by policy benefits, prices are stable, and the average non-taxed sales price of the company polyethylene/polypropene is 7023/6522 tonnes (as compared to the SOC project or 500,000 tonnes of polyolefins; the Xinjiang project has received project environmental reviews, safety assessments, etc.
According to the expert review of the paper, the price of the coker site in Mongolia in the first quarter of 2025 was 894 yuan/tonne (same-37 per cent, ring ratio - 18 per cent), the price of coal was down and the market demand for downstream steel remained weak.
Figure 5: Treasure energy polyethylene production sales (tonnes) Figure 6: Treasure energy polypropene production sales (tonnes) Figure 7: Treasure energy coke sales (tonnes)
Coal prices have fallen in the cost of coal-contributors. In the first quarter of 2025, the company’s comparative advantage in the cost of coal/coating raw materials was further highlighted. According to creative information, the cost of oil and coal-based hydrocarbons in the first quarter of 2025 was $8027/6556/t, respectively, and the cost gap was increased from $719/t in four quarters to $1471/t in 2025.
The national coal market will remain supply-and-demand-free, with overseas coal prices falling or increasing coal imports further. Figure 9 Coal prices: Cost of oil versus coal-based hydrocarbons (RM/t) Figure 10: Market prices of polyethylene and polypropylene (RM/t)
Investment recommendations: The company ' s main product, polyolefins, contributes to increased profits by expanding its production capacity, and we maintain the company ' s 2025-2027. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are free from any third party ' s approval or influence; the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.