The company successfully passed the iatf16949:2016 Quality Management System (QMS) certification through the International Quality Management System (IQMS) certification, which accelerated the deployment of the Global Automotive Materials Market (GSM) on 4 February, with the release of information by the MNCN and a rigorous audit by bsi (BRS).
After a rigorous audit by bsi (the British Standards Association), Quality Management System certification for Quality Management System for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quantities for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for Quality for the first time in 2018.
This certification is also required to be re-accredited after a three-year interval. This certification covers a wider range of products than the last tpu and pc coverage, including: thermoplastic polyurethane elastomers (tpu), the modified polyurethane elastomers (tpu), and the tpu.
Polymethylacrylate (pmma), polycarbonate (pc), modified polycarbonate (pc), corporate share price compared to depth of 300 per cent
Design and manufacture of ethanol. iatf16949: Technical standard 2016, known as Technical Quality Management Standards for the Automotive Industry, officially published by the International Automotive Working Group (IATF) in 2016 as a global standard to regulate quality management in the automobile industry.
Quality management system (qms) requirements are closely related to the enterprise’s key business and are generally valid for three years. The standard is implemented as a supplement to and with the Iso901:2015. This time, through the certification of the iatf16949 quality management system, it means that its products are full.
The Global Harmonization Standard, which has been granted a “green pass” to enter the car market, will step up its visibility and competitiveness and provide a strong boost to its expansion in the global automobile market.
This certification will help expand the global automobile market by: (1) a globally harmonized standard system that will help to expand the global car market, on the one hand, and to compete in the global automobile market, on the other hand, and in cooperation with international customers, on the other.
Quality management systems can be avoided and costs reduced by, inter alia: (2) Certification is a recognition of the quality of HD products, especially in the light of the increasing demands on the supply side of the quality management system in the current auto mainframe, which helps to enhance the competition of the HD Group among its colleagues
Competing: (3) This standard not only contains requirements for technical regulation of the production process of the enterprise, but also " Mandarin Chemistry: Lemon Aldehyde Designs " , which sets out and regulates many practical procedures and methods of manipulation, five of which are core toolkits.
2021.2.4 In the area of accelerated fragrance, including: Advanced Quality Planning and Control of Products (apqp), Production Approval Process (ppap), Quadrochemicals: Acquisition of 30% of Chinese land stock. Technology
Barriers are further strengthened with precision chemical field layout, measurement system analysis (msa), statistical process control (spc), potential failure patterns and impact velocity 2021.1.22
(fmea) which covers the entire process of enterprise from design to production, helps the enterprise to further the development of the Quadrochemicals: Building up 10 billion litres of performance efficiency through the two-year test; (4) the standard emphasizes protection against defects and reduces the availability of auto parts and components supply chains
Profit 2021.1.7 Quality fluctuations and waste that can easily be generated, aimed at promoting self-censorship and problem detection by businesses, `Multi-Wald Chemical: a reasonable downscaling of mdi offers, one-size-fits-all'
The search for improved and self-improved management mechanisms will help enterprises to continuously improve the quality of their products and to make advantages free of foreign investment entry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do with you, but I don't know.
No. 59chongqingstreet yantaieconomic & technological developmentarea (yeda)
Shandong Province
Quality management systems that meet the requirements of iatf16949:2016, certified as follows: Thermoplastic polynitrogen elastics, thermoplastic polynitrogen elastics, the polymethylacrylates, the polycarbonate, the modified polycarbonate, the modified polypropenes, the modified monocrylates, the polyethers, the combination polyethers, and the polyols of polymers
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this.
Registration: no.17, tianshanroad, yantaieconomic & technologicaldevelopment isa(yda), shandong, p.r. China Zhang, Managing Director, Certificate of Management System (Beijing) Ltd.
In his introduction, he recently found that ownership rules are integrated into the development contract. An electronic banking interface can be incorporated (bsiasuranceukmited, 389chlowickhhiroad, londonw44al,uk.bsi group member, etc.
In light of the light quantification of cars, plastic use is increasing, and there is a large market space for company series of products. In the area of automobiles, the main plastics used include pp, pvc, tpu, pa, etc., are already produced or patented products.
These include car seats, seating, pillows, floor pads, instrument panels, sunscreen panels, door panels, ceiling panels and other internal parts and soundproofing noise materials, sealing materials, etc. pp and modified pp are used mainly under car interiors, coatings and engine covers.
The components include car bumpers, dashboards, engine cooling fans, car wire beams, top caps, interior panels, etc. pvc is used mainly for subsurface coatings, sealants and floorings, wire beams (e.g. cable insulation and escort), passenger room parts (e.g. tableboards and panel chairs and armings), outside.
Parts (e.g. side protection belts, weather belts, window seals, etc.). Pa is mainly used in the manufacture of hoses (breathing hoses, fuel pipes), combustion oil filters, air filters, oil filters, water pump casings, water pump wheels, fans, braking liquid tanks, power turn tanks, shutters, front lights.
Shells, seatbelts, etc.. According to ICCP data, car plastic use was 95 and 140 kg/car in 1991 and 2015, respectively, and conservative estimates are that vehicle plastic use will exceed 200 kg/car in 2025.
According to the Institute of Foresight Industries, the share of polypropylene (pp) in the total amount of plastic used in vehicles is up to 37%, followed by polyurethane (17.3%), abbs resin 12.3%, composite material 11.5%, and high density polyethylene (hdpe)
10.8%, polycarbonate (pc) 6.8%, and polymethylacrylate (pmma) 4.4%. Automobile-related product patenting has accelerated and is an important downstream market for the company in the future.
Items, of which: tpu-related, pmma, pc, modified pc, modified pp, modified monocrylate, polymeric polyol (polyether polyol) have been patented in 21, 6, 6, 40, 45, 26, 36 respectively.
The layout of the product is clearly accelerated after 16 years: (1) reflects plans to further extend the public-sector industrial chain downstream: (2) the automobile market will be an important downstream market for future companies and the direction of the focus.
Risks of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company's human capacity; less than expected progress in project delivery; large fluctuations in product prices; large fluctuations in oil prices; risks of installed force majeure; and less than expected risks of vaccine development.
Guwu, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Complex Materials, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the industry of flying aviation materials in the mid-flight industry, 2 years of experience in the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries, and Bachelor of Chemical Science, Qinghua University.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.