It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of chemistry.com.tw.
q4 with a high level of innovation and the rise of an integrated chemical industry event: 20-year annual reports from companies, 73.4 billion yuan, yoy+8 per cent, net profit for mothers, 10 billion yuan, yoy-1 per cent, of which q4 received $24.2 billion, yoy+24 per cent, net profit for mothers, $4.7 billion.
The company’s performance is higher than expected, mainly the rapid recovery of demand downstream of q4, the demand of mdi, the consolidation of parts of overseas installations, the supply of stress, and the company’s share of the incremental dividends. As a global polyurethane dragon, the company continues to expand its position as a solid leader, while at the same time actively creating fossilized novels.
The material industry, which has always maintained a high pace of growth and future performance growth, maintains a “buy-in” rating. mdi supply and demand pattern is good, and q4 performance innovation is high: q4 polymer mdi averages 196,000 yuan per ton in 20 years, yoy + 59% in years, pure mdi averages 272,000 yuan per ton, yoy + 61% in company polyurethane plates
q4 sales amounted to 88.11 million tons, yoy+35%, and the increase in volume made the company ' s q4-quarter performance high. For 21 years, mdi demand has continued to improve, adding force majeure to overseas installations, supply constraints, and prices have continued to rise. The current aggregate price of mdi is 24.5 million yuan per ton, vov+11.7%.
The price of pure mdi is 27.7 million yuan per ton, yoy + 82 per cent, which goes beyond pre-epidemiological levels and adds up to post-epidemiological levels.
The technology has increased production by half a million tons, and now the company's total production capacity is 2.6 million tons, followed by the 400,000 tonnes/year mdi and the amphetamines package in Fujianhua. There are currently no expansion plans for the foreign company mdi, and the new production capacity is dependent on Wanda, and the company will expand its market share and further consolidate and upgrade it at mdi.
Institutional investors account for a share of the circulation of a share, the whole industry chain layout, and the long-term value is highlighted: companies are actively setting up petrochemical and new material industries, smoke-free platforms, Ningbo, Pearl overseas, and building new bases in Fujian and Maroon.
In terms of new materials, the company's pc-II installation has been put into operation, with a capacity of 210,000 tonnes/year of pc supply, and further technological improvements will be made in the future to boost the industry's influence. In the broader context of carbon neutrality, the company is also active in the deployment of storage capacity.
Degradable plastic plates, planning for the construction of 60,000 tonnes/year pbat biodegradable polyesters in the Elbow Mountain, to meet domestic demand for biodegradable materials: Combine fully-funded subsidiary, Lithium Lithium Tobacco Battery Co. Ltd., to advance into military storage. The company is growing from mdi to an integrated chemical pipeline.
The outlook is broad, and the future is promising. Profit forecasting: Given the company’s newer capacity, we have raised the company’s profitability projection, projecting a leading public and global industry position, securing future performance growth, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.