The chemical industry in Manchuria (600309) has outperformed its performance in the fourth quarter, keeping in mind the long-term growth of the company, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Company announcement that net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies are expected to be realized in 2020 at a rate of 9.6 billion μm in the three quarters of the year prior to the recovery of the main product price, with an accelerated recovery in the prices of four quarters of mdi and petrochemical products: 49.23 billion yuan in operating income achieved by the company in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 1.4 per cent compared with the increase of the main commodity mdi.
Price increases are beginning to rise; since the fourth quarter, domestic and international force majeure and overhaul have led to a tight supply of global polymer mdi markets.
Devices, Shanghai Hensmeyer 240,000 tons, Shanghai Koth 600,000 tons and South Korea Bassov 250,000 tonnes/ton, ring ratio +81.0%, up to $34500/t. In addition to the effect of the supply end, mdi ' s main downstream product production increased significantly from year to year, with household refrigerators in October and November producing +25.8% per month.
+22.5%; In the broader context of the recovery in oil prices, the price of the main petrochemical plate products has risen by four quarters and the price of the & mdi has dwindled since it surged, still looking at the long-term industrial boom: influenced by the traditional outer walls/fine seasons of heat maintenance in the north and the normal start of the previous shutdown, and the recent fall in mdi prices, which began in January 2021,
The summdi distribution market in the Wanhua chemical China region is listed at 20,500 yuan per ton (4,500 yuan per ton below the December 2020 price) and the direct sales market at 20,500 yuan per ton (4000 yuan per ton compared to December 2020). Due to the high technical barriers to mdi, investment in new projects is high and is subject to environmental policy restrictions.
With a long-term monopoly, future capacity will be more concentrated on headlines. With a global leader in chemistry, the company will continue to benefit from a large cycle of mdi upswings.
The first environmental impact assessment for the Ethylene II project was made public. With the launch of the Ethylene 1 million tons project, the company will start building the Ethylene II project, further extending the upstream industrial chain and achieving the abundance of 10,000 watts of chemistry for downstream products (600309): the Ethylene phase will be launched.
The construction of the Ethylene project has helped to improve the integration of the polyurethane (PUR) industrial chain of the Mandarin Pyrotechnic Gardens, to start production, to open a new chapter in the development of the petrochemical plates, to address the needs of epoxyethane, epoxypropanes, and epoxypropanes in the production of polyols of polyether at industrial parks, and to improve the production of ethylene.
In addition, the project (2020-11-10) uses state-of-the-art international processes and HDRO technology for the production of epoxy propane.
2. Mandarin chemistry (600309): mdi, po price steps to create the highest domestic Ethylene chain to fill gaps in the domestic sphere and break the monopoly of foreign technology.
3. HDW chemistry (600309): The first half of the year ' s performance was in line with the expected period, with the price of icycyanate moving up the road; Risk: progress in or the expected risk of ethylene project production.
4-Hanhua Chemistry (600309): Short-term performance pressure, No. 60-Hanhua Chemistry (600309): Establishment of a joint venture for the construction of mdi, expansion of the tdi project
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.