On 25 February, the company announced the completion of the conversion of the smoke station industrial mdi device. The technology was modified to the original capacity of 600,000 tons/year of the smoke station industrial plant.
The global production capacity of Xanhuamd1 reached 2.6 million tons, with 28 per cent of the world's cities.
The physical enhancement project is the newest technology. Compared to the generic single set-up capacity of competitors, it is only 400,000 tonnes/year, and the company's first successful single set of devices with a capacity of 1.1 million tonnes/year. The project invested a total of 3,562 million yuan in construction content.
Includes mdi devices (0.6 million tonnes/year expansion to 1.1 million tonnes/year), hdi and its combination devices tons/year expansion to 20,000 tonnes/year: ipti from 15,000 tonnes/year expansion to 30,000 tonnes/year), phenylamine devices (360,000 tonnes/year nitrate device; 48+240,000 tonnes/year nitrobenzene device; and amphetamine devices
36 + 180,000 tonnes/year), hydroxide chloride (240,000 tonnes/year), hydrochloric acid resolution devices for hcl gases (226,000 tonnes/year) and accompanying public works, ancillary facilities. The company ' s smoke station mdi device 500,000 tonnes/year of technology adaptation project was put into operation after delivery, with a global capacity of 2.6 million tonnes, with a city-to-city ratio
28%, further entrenching the polyurethane industry. How much does the expansion have on mdi prices? We expect this expansion to happen at the right time, with less impact on mdi prices.
With an average monthly shortfall of at least 35,000 tonnes per year per year of production due to force majeure, all China is unable to meet the supply gap even if the new production is full. We expect that the impact of the cold tide on mdi supply in the United States will continue for a period of one to three months, and that the impact of this force majeure will result in an increase of about 66,000 tonnes.
The theoretical start-up rate of Chinese chemistry has little impact on prices, and the best opportunity to expand production has been identified through the International Quality Management System (IQMS).
In terms of supply, demand, and prices, the company’s 500,000 tons of technology and mdi production is a good time to speed up the deployment of the global auto material market. In the near future, over the next two months, more than half a million tons of new mdi production will remain unfilled.
"Men chemistry: Lemon formaldehyde is designed to produce more than expected, digests 500,000 tons of additional mdi production, and the industry is expected to continue: "Men chemistry: 30% acquisition of Chinese land, technology."
(1) Supply side: U.S. extreme weather causes force majeure, adding overseas production capacity to repair barriers are further strengthened, with precision chemical field deployment periods, and 21 years of global mdi supply will be significantly affected.
Extremely cold weather conditions, Basfguesma base, Tods Texas base, declared insubordination.
Profit: 2021.1.7 tonnes/year, 68% of total mdi capacity in the United States. Moreover, according to Kiyokawa, 400,000 tonnes/year mdi production capacity in Japan is affected by the failure of the amphetamine device, and the maternal fluid load is running: Todaru is located in Sadara.
In terms of the plan, Chongqing's installation plan for 400,000 tonnes/year is scheduled to be repaired on February 25, for a period of one month; and Hensmay's facility for 470,000 tonnes/year is located in Fort Roe, the Netherlands.
In the next two months, the global production capacity of mdi, which is not fully affected by force majeure or periodic repairs, will reach 2.73 million tonnes per year, or 31% of the pre-empowerment capacity of the world, which will have a significant impact on the global supply pattern of mdi.
At this time, the production of 500,000 tonnes/year of mdi production is more easily absorbed by the market, and it is also a (2) demand side: the return of demand from overseas and the build-up of new downstream demand will continue to grow at a high rate.
Global mdi supply mismatches or will continue, and overseas demand will continue to flow back. In addition, the area of downstream mdi applications continues to expand, with new downstream ellipses and farm markets contributing 160,000 tons of additional demand to the 2021 concession, which is expected to increase by 750,000 tons by 2025.
On the field, domestic consumption of ellipse-free mdi in 2020 was around 70,000 tons, based on a domestic production of 300 million cubic metres, an annual replacement of 3 per cent of the non-alcoholic plate, and an annual consumption of 90 million mdi per cubic mile of plywood mdi.
For the next 5-10 years, more than 30% of the man-made panels will use an ellipse-free process, and conservatively it is estimated that by 2030, the board will provide more than 1 million tons of market space for mdi. For farming, based on the capital expenditure of the major pig-raising companies, large-scale pig-house construction will be a 21-year market belt for mdi.
With 70,000 tons of new demand, it is expected to reach 230,000 tons in 2025. We expect that the additional 500,000 tons per year of production will be absorbed by all of the new demand 23 years ago, and it will also be an important step towards taking over the new demand markets.
Figure 2 Polymdi price-to-price differentials
In both cases, the company invested only $ 284 million in the mdi main unit of the project, including an overall investment of $ 3,562 million in the accompanying project.
Tons. Looking back at the company ' s longitudinal contrast, the amount of investment in the old smoke station and the new production capacity in Ningpo was around 100 million tons, and this technology expansion was further reduced in intensity, resulting in lower output. In horizontal contrast, the investment in the domestic capacity of Kostov, Bassov, and Hensmeer was largely in intensity.
At $100 million per million, the investment in new production capacity in Chongqing Bassov and the expansion of capacity in Shanghai Hensmae amounted to around $200 million per million. Thus, companies have expanded their capacity in mdi with very low investment, reducing the return on investment cycle.
Following the expansion of energy, the smoke station mdi produced a single ton cost or a decrease of $495 per ton, based on a cost estimate of mdi based on the CEP report, this year's additional capacity expansion is expected to reduce the depreciation costs and repair costs of the device.
The full cost of the device is expected to drop by $495 per ton. The further decline in the cost of the cigarette production unit continues to strengthen the company’s cost advantage in mdi’s production and enhances its safe profits.
Risks of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company's human capacity; less than expected progress in project delivery; large fluctuations in product prices; large fluctuations in oil prices; risks of installed force majeure; and less than expected risks of vaccine development.
Guwu, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Complex Materials, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the industry of flying aviation materials in the mid-flight industry, 2 years of experience in the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries, and Bachelor of Chemical Science, Qinghua University.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.