At the beginning of March, terrafilma announced that the Department of the Mandarin Chemical Group had chosen terrafilma as one of the largest distributors in the United States.
As the newest member of its distribution network. terrafilma will represent the technical product line of Faipulose Pycrylate in the southeast of the United States.
tf, one of the top ten professional chemical distributors in the United States, has a good relationship with many local businesses and has provided services to more than 2900 customers. tf’s main range of services, including polyurethane, building materials, plastics, etc., are also in sales with the dragon python.
The company’s prices compare to the trend of 300 depths tf will mainly promote aloft-based hemoacrylate products, including hdi, hmdi, ipti monomer and polythycyanate diagnoses and tripolymer resins.
• The United States is an important market for Manchuria, thereby accelerating the deployment of the United States as an important consumer market for mdi and an important export market for domestic mdi products. According to the Hoshikawa Mobil data, our aggregate mdi exports in 2020 amounted to 613,000 tons, of which the United States exports
The U.S. is the country with the largest exports of polymer mdi in the country, with nine months of single-month export data in 2020. There have been development plans in the U.S. market all along. The construction of new U.S. mdi installations, for example, has been the result of trade conflicts and environmental protection organizations.
In spite of this, the United States is regarded as one of the most important potential markets, as shown by the collaboration with tf. By working with local distributors to sell di products, one can quickly open up the United States market for corporate products, develop users, and circumvent policies.
Risk. Market readiness for the subsequent expansion of the Di product: this opportunity could, on the other hand, continue to deepen cooperation and help to promote other company products to this important market in the United States and accelerate the marketing of the recently expanded smoke station, which is expected to absorb part of its capacity through overseas distribution channels.
This collaboration with tf's products in the tf has also contributed to the overseas sales of wanwamdi. It is now at a time when force majeure in the md1 industry in the United States is a significant opportunity for the wanwammd1 product to enter the United States market. In February, the company announced that the smoke station mdi device was successful from 600,000 tonnes/year of technology.
To 1.1 million tonnes/year. With the help of tf marketing channels, a portion of the 500,000 tonnes of mdi additional capacity is expected to be absorbed by the United States market and to continue the high global production of the mdi industry ' s first 1.1 million tonnes of single set of devices.
In terms of China’s aggregate mdi and export mdi prices, export price movements generally lag behind those of China’s east. The mdi boom and the increase in sales in the United States market also help to speed up the process of certification through the International Quality Management System (IQMS)
3. Lemon formaldehyde is designed to produce more than expected and accelerates the risk of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company ' s human capacity; the project is not on track.
And expected; high fluctuations in product prices; large fluctuations in oil prices; risks of installed force majeure; and risks of less than expected development of the seedlings. Contact: San Xiang, Master of Chemical Industries, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Bachelor of Chemical Sciences, Qinghua University.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.