The smoky industrial park mdi has been expanded, and the global industrial giants have risen to the level of chemistry (600309.sh) on the 24th of February, 2021.
On February 24, the company ' s tobacco plant mdi, which has been technically modified, completed the technology transfer from 600,000 to 1.1 million tonnes/year. The project was acquired in June 2019.
A total of 2.6 million tons, about 26.7% of the world's total capacity, and the world's largest Mdi. We have the best construction and investment cycle in the industry, and it is hoped that the expansion projects will be synchronized with downstream demand, with a cumulative investment of only 284 million dollars a month and a one-ton technology conversion cost of only $568, and the speed with which the projects are being built and invested.
This is mainly due to the completion of projects such as public works in the smoke station industrial park, and a significant reduction in the company’s construction cycle and investment. At present, mdi’s main downstream construction heating materials and refrigerator freezers are in high demand or provide strong support for mdi’s demand.
For example, according to the United States Department of Commerce, housing construction permits grew by 10.4 per cent in January; according to the United States National Property Brokers Association, 6.69 million units were sold in the United States after the season of 2021-021 + 23.7 per cent compared with 23.7 per cent, and the ring ratio + 0.6 per cent.
We're going to make a big leap forward in 2021, and we're going to make a big leap towards a comprehensive world chemical giant.
Projects such as industrial parks, browsing stations, and new smoke station materials are continuing. Corporate diversity development layouts for Tan. Corporate Information Update - q4 performances are higher than expected.
It is important to develop a long-term growth space, with three major lines of business moving the support company toward the world's chemicals giant. Long-term recognition of the company as a global industrial giant.
"At long-term growth in the middle of the company."