- Quantified chemical (600309) evaluation reports a significant increase in the price and profitability of the main business product: the company expects to realize a net profit of $9.6-10.1 billion over the year, a 5 per cent reduction to almost the same level, of which q4 achieves a net profit in the first quarter of the year
The company’s high performance in the quarter of q4 was due to a sharp increase in the price of mdi, the main product. In terms of demand, as the domestic epidemic subsided, demand for mdi began to grow gradually in July, with shares showing a relative depth of 300 indexes.
The increase in mdi's demand has also been driven by the arrival of the super-sale season “Holden 9 silver 10” and rising prices, with a net mdi price of 27,000 yuan per ton on the q4 East market, with a 44 per cent increase in the ring; and a 19,500 ton/ton increase in the mdi East market for the polymer, with a 29 per cent increase in the ring, and a re-innovation of the firm's performance.
High. In the short term, we believe that mdi will enter a relatively light season at the beginning of the year, that mdi prices will be uncertain about the return to work caused by the overseas epidemic, and that companies, as absolute leaders, will enjoy the dividends of the industry and look forward to its future development.
The project is moving steadily, helping the company grow: the company is actively moving forward with the project. On the one hand, the 1 million tonnes of ethylene project will start production in 2020q4. With the first phase, the company will start building the two ethylene projects, further extending the upstream industrial chain and diversifying downstream products.
On the other hand, the company's Maroon Hill base, which produces 10,000 tons of lithium batteries per year, and the annual evaluation, aaaa_q3, produced a significant increase in the single-season ring, expected to produce 60,000 tons of biodegradable polyesters in q4D, have conducted an environmental evaluation that will bring new to the company in the future.
Review _aaa_q2 ring ratio slightly improved, looking at the company's second half Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations: due to the company's higher expectations, revised profit forecasts, company (600309) forecast to evaluate main aaa product prices
Risk factors: High volatility in crude oil prices and weak downstream demand.