After two years of exams, with 10 billion dollars in profits, the company ' s performance in 2020 was low and high, and the net return to the mother was high and innovative, according to the company.
Performance forecasts indicate that the net return profit achieved by the company in 2020 was between $9.6 billion and $10.1 billion, roughly the same as in 2019. q4 single quarter net return profit between $42.6 and $4.75 billion.
In the second half of the year, with the resumption of domestic production, downstream demand began to recover, together with the spread of the overseas epidemic, the transfer of demand to the country, mdi prices.
Both the grids and the sales rebounded. After experiencing a significant price volatility in mdi in 2020, companies took advantage of cost and market advantages, and went through stress tests, and still have 10 billion net profits, proving once again the stability of the company’s performance.
Figure 1 Quarterly change in net profit from mother to mother
Review, Wave Poe High-end Polyoleene Blue Sea, 2020.11.11.
“Wanhua Chemistry: Overseas Competitor Frequent Adjustments, or Waiver of Cost Competition, Focused Channels Changed Price Differences in Pure mdi Prices in China, 32020 (Tax Deduct)
External demand continues and domestic demand for ellipses and farming is increased. Next year, mdi is expected to cover 2021, and mdi is expected to continue for two main reasons: (i) overseas mdi and downstream while the epidemic continues and vaccination is slow.
Substream household electricity products such as refrigerator freezers, white power, etc. are expected to maintain a low start rate, and global mdi supply mismatches or will continue, helping to maintain mdi export pull. (2) The domestic field of mdi downstream applications continues to expand, with additional downstream ellipse-free boards and farming markets
The site will contribute 160,000 tons of additional demand in 2021, with an additional 750,000 tons expected by 2025. For the non-altitude market, the domestic consumption of ellipse mdi was 70,000 tons in 2020.
According to FDA's desire to use aldehyde for more than 30% of man-made panels over the next 5-10 years, it is conservatively estimated that, by 2030, it will provide more than 1 million tons of market space for mdi.
On the other hand, according to the capital expenditure estimates of the major pig-breeding companies, large-scale pig-house construction will bring about an additional 70,000 tons to the 21-year market in mdi, with additional demand expected to reach 230,000 yuan per ton in 2025: a reasonable range of 14,700-19,700 yuan per ton for pure mdi prices (tax deductions).
In 2021, with export pulls, periodic repairs, and a boom in domestic demand, it is expected to maintain a high profile, and in 2021, the mdi composite price centre (tax deduction) is expected to be more than $14,960 per tonne, which we estimate to be $15,200 per tonne.
>The Great Ethylene Project has begun to contribute to performance, and the level of profitability is expected to rise again, taking into account the ability to climb, and the first phase of the company ' s Ethylene Project is expected to start to contribute in the second quarter of 2021, which is also the most significant new performance growth point for the company in 2021.
Billion dollars; assuming that the cost of the Ethylene project products is estimated at 14% of the combined net interest rate, the net profit on ethylene is expected to be about 1.6 billion yuan; and after the tax disclosed in the Ethylene I EXEC report, billions of yuan. With the benefit of the Ethylene project contribution, the performance of the ethylene project is expected to rise to another step in 2021.
Figure 4 The price chain of the petrochemical industry is at risk of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company ' s human capacity: less than expected project delivery; high volatility in product prices; large fluctuations in oil prices; and the risk of installed force majeure;
Kwowu, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Magnetic Materials, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the industry of flying aviation materials in the mid-flight industry, 2 years of new Tsang Yiang, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Bachelor of Chemical Sciences, Qinghua University.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in the present report.