Lemon eldehyde was designed to produce more than expected, to speed up the fragrance field layout. On January 27, the Mandarin Chemical Officer Network released information. The first environmental impact evaluation of the company ' s integration of lemon aldehyde and its derivatives. The project was located on a smoke station in the Economic Technology Development Area of Smokey City.
The formal publication of the Lemon Aldehyde project, designed to produce over 48,000 tonnes of Lemon Aldehyde and its derivatives, includes 124,000 tonnes/year of IPA, 30 million tonnes/year of IPA (70 million tonnes/year of IPA, 3.0% of IPA)
Tonne/year isophylline, 0.54 million tonnes/year isopol, 48,000 tonnes/year lemon formaldehyde and lemon derivatives (including: 10 000 tonnes/year filamentol, 15,000 tonnes/year fragrance), lemon hydrate pipe line between Sectors East (North) and East (South), and associated storage works, utility workers
The company’s share price compares to 300 miles deep, environmental facilities, environmental works, etc., and some storage, public support facilities and environmental projects depend on existing, ongoing or proposed chemical works.
Lemon ellipse was more than expected. Prior to that, the new old kinetic energy conversion project bank of the Shandong Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Board and the province's old and new kinetic office cloths produced 40,000 tonnes/year of Lemon ellipse from the Hulk Chemical Project.
In this company's published E.C.E.A., Lemon formaldehyde can produce 48,000 tons per year, which is more than expected in the market, reflecting on the one hand the company's confidence in the Lemon Aldehyde project and, on the other hand, the increased voice of the company in the fragrances.
Lemon ellipse is an important step in the chain of perfumed spices on a 10,000-blank scale. Lemon formalde is produced mainly by dehydrated aromatic sulfonol, aromatic gas oxidation, acetone, and isopentadiene. The prevailing method is dehydrated aromatic sulfonol.
Lemon formaldehyde uses a process that is different from the new and used dehydrated aromatic sulfonol method, and we believe that the main reasons for the use of the hependehyde method are: (1) the use of corporate petrochemical products as raw materials, improving integration levels, further reducing costs and improving product competitiveness; (2) the enhancement of product competitiveness.
The link between the fragrance and the company’s petrochemical industry chains, making full use of the products of the petrochemical industry, and empowering the petrochemical industry chain through high-value-added spice products. In addition to lemon formaldehyde and its derivatives, the company is likely to use lemon in the future.
At its core, it builds a fragrance product platform and continues to extend to other fragrance-type products. “Multi-Certain Chemistry: Acquisition of 30% of Chinese land stock, Technology Based on the fragrance industry chain, companies are expected to continue to move in through the production of high-value-added products.
The barriers have been further strengthened, and the fine-tuning of the chemical industry has increased its profitability and consolidated its position as the global leader of the basic chemical industry. At the same time, the company’s continued cultivation in the refined chemical industry will synergize with its previous acquisition of 30% of China’s shares.
"Wanhua Chemistry: Two years of exams, a solid ten billion." "Men chemistry: mdi's offer is a reasonable downscaling. One." "Men chemistry: Episode of Ethylene Production, Two Rings.
The evaluation revealed that the company ' s full-scale patent on the fragrance chain in the blue sea market of high-end polyolefins in the wavepoe is expected to continue vertically and horizontally in the future.
The layout of the company’s fragrance industry chain began in 2015, with lemon formaldehyde producing patents starting in 2017. Without taking into account the delay in the disclosure of the 2020 patent application, the number of patent applications for fragrance-related patents has increased overall from 2015 to the present, from 2017 to 2017.
In terms of the patent, the company will continue to expand vertically and horizontally. In terms of vertical expansion, the company will continue to expand on mint ketone, orange ol, musk ketone, orange ol, orange ol.
Many downstream areas, such as vitamina and vitamine, have patent layouts; horizontal expansion, companies have patent layouts in the field of aromatic salami. Companies have comprehensive patent layouts in the area of fragrances, on the one hand, and technology accumulation, on the other, to industrialize future products.
Preparation: On the other hand, the technical protection of patents can be used to increase competing barriers to entry. The import dependence is expected to ease with the timing of the patent layout of the 30 million-centigram spices industry chain and the partial introduction of the patent > Quanta > to the lemon formaldehyde industry.
The global production of lemon formaldehyde is concentrated in three enterprises: Bassov, China, Shining Shing, and Japan, with a total capacity of about 63,000 tons. Of these, Bassov has the largest capacity, 50,000 tons/year, with 79% of the city. In addition to Huanhua, Bassov plans to expand its capacity to 10,000 tons of lemon formaldehyde.
With 48,000 tons of production capacity in Mandarin, the global ability to produce lemon formaldehyde has almost doubled, and the demand-stressed grids will be completely changed, with the rest of the new entrants excluded. With domestic capacity, new and productive tons of lemon formaldehyde can be delivered into the post-partum process, significantly improving the dependence of downstream industries on imports.
The combination of vitamina and mintol, which are 45 per cent and 33 per cent, respectively, are potential directions for the future of HD and may continue to extend downstream.
Risks of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company's human capacity; less than expected progress in project delivery; large fluctuations in product prices; large fluctuations in oil prices; risks of installed force majeure; and less than expected risks of vaccine development.
Guwu, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Complex Materials, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the industry of flying aviation materials in the mid-flight industry, 2 years of experience in the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries, and Bachelor of Chemical Science, Qinghua University.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.