Resource and Environmental Research Centre Polyurethane products increased in volume, depending on the company's long-term growth base (RMK)
The net profit was 10 billion yuan, representing a decline of 0.9 per cent in the same year, and 24.2 billion yuan in the fourth quarter, an increase of 24.1 per cent in the same year, and $4.7 billion in the net return to the mother, an increase of 110.7 per cent in the same year.
Demand for corporate products has been recovering, with polyurethane plates generating revenue of $34.42 billion, an increase of 8 per cent, sales of 28,844,000 tons, an increase of 10.1 per cent, petrochemical operations generating revenue of $23.08 billion, and plates generating income of $7.95 billion, an increase of 12.1 per cent, sales of 573,000 tons, an increase of the same year.
In the domain, the company ' s R & D costs are 2,043 million yuan, an increase of 19.8 per cent over the same period, and the company maintains a consistently high level of investment 2. " Polyurethane products are at a very high price, and the company continues to make a profit, building a sound technological base for the company ' s long-term configuration.
Industry demand is strong, mdi volume rises. At the demand side, mdi demand is still strong, 3. The impact of the epidemic is decreasing, high R & D inputs are being laid, refrigerators, ellipses, pighouses, etc.; pure mdi, amino, tpu demand, 2020
Pulling the pure mdi needs up, the need for pure mdi in 2021 for the soles of shoes will gradually improve, and we remain optimistic about the demand for polyurethane devices, which continue to be overhauled and release control premiums for polymer mdi and pure mdi in 2021. At the supply end, the overseas extremes are extreme.
As a result of the weather, mdi prices continue to shock at multiple cost prices, and we expect that mdi’s profit center will continue to rise.
A number of projects are moving forward in an orderly manner to support long-term growth in the future. Based on polyurethane, petrochemicals, and fine chemicals and new materials, the company has accelerated the deployment of sub-stream fine chemicals and new materials-related areas, and has created a platform for innovative and integrated technology solutions for new materials.
Tonsylene Project, the Myeongsan Project, and the Fujian Polyurethane Project to support the company ' s future growth in the long term. 3rd quarter of 2020 to date, the company ' s operations have been marginalised, especially the PUR business volume price Chenyi3@qizq.com.cn
Wang Minghui, downside risk to product prices; new projects not as expected; risk of volatile raw materials prices Analysis of related report ratings in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment