It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of chemistry.com.tw.
The price of mdi rose sharply, the company expanded at a time when global demand and supply were tight, and the company expanded at a time when the capacity ratio was rising, contributing to a step-by-step increase in market share; the company was expected to enjoy a full-cost dividend when the price of mdi rose sharply in March.
As a global mdi leader, future performance growth is guaranteed, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Demand is good, polyurethane prices are rising sharply: on 26 February, companies issued a March 21 China district mdi price announcement, and the polymer mdi market was listed at $28,000 per ton, up from the February price.
Seventy-five thousand yuan per ton, Mom+37%, net mdi bill, $28,000 per ton, an increase of $4000 per ton over the February price, and Mom+37%. After this, the downstream factory resumed work and the domestic mdi was in high demand, but as a result of the “sleep season” pattern of the previous mdi price, some of the producers replenished their stocks less than in previous years.
The overseas epidemic eased, the recovery of the economy, the recovery of the real estate and household power sectors as a whole, the increase in mdi exports and the improvement in overall demand. Low stock levels and global supply constraints have led to a significant upturn in mdi’s listing prices, and corporate performance is expected to rise.
Global supply constraints and expansion coincided with the following: on 25 February, the company issued an e-change for mdi devices.
Technology has been upgraded from 600,000 tonnes/to 1.1 million tonnes/year. The company country currently produces 2.3 million tonnes, an increase of 28%. 330,000 tonnes, 400,000 tonnes of Bassov, 340,000 tonnes of Taupton devices in the United States have been declared force majeure and 500,000 tonnes installed in Hensmeyer.
The institutional investors’ share of the share in circulation a has been kept at a low capacity, and the South Korean lake has sold out to the Chinese region for the month of March, and the supply of mdi has been significantly reduced and the supply has been strained.
The whole industry chain layout, with its long-term value, is followed by a series of new projects, including 140,000 tonnes of polycarbonate, polyether polyol device modifications, lemon formaldehyde and its derivatives.
Integration projects, etc. The company, based on polyurethane, is gradually growing into a combination of petrochemicals and new materials Profit predictions: given the large increase in mdi prices, we have raised the company profit forecast, projected the leading position of public and global industry, secure future performance growth, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.