The reason for this report is the annual report.
The recovery of mdi demand exceeded expectations and the company ' s performance increased significantly by 35.02%. Of this total, 2020q4 achieved business income of $24,201 million, ring growth of 32.07%, mdi volume increase of 32.07%, and company performance increased significantly.
\triangleright Market data: 16 March 2021 Effective control, rapid recovery of domestic market demand and downstream overseas exports, polyurethane sales, camps
q4 polyurethane product series sales were 88.11 million tons, 34.56 per cent more than the same year, and the ring grew 15.78 per cent. According to company published business data, q4 polyurethane mdi devices have been converted to a higher level, and prices for polyurethane products are expected to remain high over the long term.
Basic data: December 31, 2020. In 2021, the company published an announcement on the conversion of the mdi plant in the smoke station industrial park, and the company completed the technical adaptation of the original 600,000 to 1.1 million tons/year mdi device.
Yes. The project was documented in June 2019, with a cumulative investment of 284 million yuan by February 2021. As the demand for polyurethane continues to grow, mdi production expands, further securing mdi’s supply capacity.
The market is listed at $28,000 per ton (an increase of $7,500 per ton over the February price), the market is listed directly (an increase of $4,000 per ton over the February price), and the prices of polyurethane products in 2021 are expected to remain at higher levels in the long run, thereby increasing corporate profitability.
The petrochemical business expands the production of higher value added products downstream of the acetylene hydrocarbons, and strongly fosters a cluster of 28-storey ITC products and new materials at 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
41.52 per cent Central Sea State, 28 Sinrich Street, Beijing, west town; operating income of $23,085 million, an increase of 14.84 per cent over the same period, mainly on the 7th floor of the Ipg International Centre
With the increase in trade volume, companies will continue to work strategically with mainstream global lpg suppliers to reduce risks and ensure supply stability from the source end of Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
In addition, the company has developed more sophisticated and higher value-added products with unique advantages downstream, high-sort water resins, npg, polyether polyols, mibk, and amphetone.
With regard to new material operations, the company is an internationally advanced tpu supplier, whose products are widely used in applications such as automobiles, electronics, etc.; the pc-II installation has been completed, with a supply capacity of 210,000 tonnes/year, and further technological improvements will be made in the future to boost industry ' s influence;
The company plans to build 60,000 tons/year pbat biodegradable polyesters in the Sichuan hills, which, with the completion of the project, will be able to meet domestic demand for biodegradable materials, expanding for the development of HDW. The company has now developed into a highly competitive polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials.
\triangleright material suppliers, leading global suppliers and service providers of mdi.
Consider the high performance growth brought about by the maintenance of the mdi industry in 2021 and the introduction of corporate projects. The risk of large fluctuations in prices of raw materials and products, lower demand downstream, and the wind of energy digestion.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.