The Center for Resources and Environmental Research (RCRE) has recovered its end demand, with its performance substantially outpacing expectations Mitigation of the epidemic and progressive recovery of its end demand, leading to a rapid upturn in the company’s performance over the fourth quarter.
The Division ' s performance forecasted that the net return profit achieved by the company in the fourth quarter was approximately $42.5-475 million, an increase of 91-113 per cent over the previous quarter. The global epidemic, though repeated, had a relatively small marginal impact on the economy as a whole, with sustained recovery of productive activity in the United States, Europe, etc., and a gradual recovery in end demand, driving the whole.
The demand for mdi products has increased. The sale of cars, household electricity, and real estate abroad has been good, and the company’s profit continues to support mdi demand for polyurethane products at a very high price.
End-of-side demand recovery led to a sustained increase in mdi prices, with a four-quarter average price of approximately $27177 per ton of pure mdi, 2. Epidemic effects decreasing, high R & D input layout 3. Polyurethane plant overhauling, release control premium
On the other hand, there will be a further increase in product sales, supported by demand. The company has 500,000 tons of backup capacity, sufficient production reserves, and the company will have full access to double prices in the process of warming the epidemic.
The Ethylene Phase I project became operational, the Phase II project was approved by the EXCE, the petrochemical business will continue to move forward, and the P5 sector will be strengthened.
The Ministry is continuing its work in the area of petrochemical projects, which, on the one hand, strengthen the company’s own industrial chain structure and produce raw materials.
Self-financing, reducing production costs, while building on the Torochemical platform, extending the layout of multi-area products and upgrading the company ' s long-term development space and value added to the industrial chain through back-end material upgrading.
The company’s polyurethane business, which is accompanied by the warming of end demand, will receive a double increase in volume prices, and the continued expansion of petrochemical operations, will continue to improve the company’s platform, provide the industrial chain base for the company’s long-term deployment of fine chemicals and win the development time.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment