It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of chemistry.com.tw.
Four quarters of the world's record has doubled, global leaders have been growing, the epidemic has eased, oil prices have rebounded, and downstream demand has gradually improved, sustaining the price of the company's various products, and the company's 40 performance has recovered rapidly. In the long run, the company's three operations have gone hand in hand, safeguarding the company.
Medium- and long-term development, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Polyurethane continues to move up, doubling four quarters of performance: 4-quarter aggregate mdi, pure mdi, tdi for 4-quarters, $151.8 per ton, 27057.1 per ton, 13937.7 per ton, respectively.
The major increase was due mainly to the fact that several units were under-supplied in and out of the country 04, while the Department of Public Administration carried out pre-repairs at 03 and received a full-valued dividend 04. The million-ton ethylene project was put into operation well and its performance peaked: the company's million-ton ethylene project was launched in November
At the same time, the Ethylene II project was announced, which will improve the layout of corporate petrochemical plates, enhance synergies between industrial chains, and enhance market competitiveness. Technological innovation will strengthen the global flagship: companies, as global mdi champions, are rising.
Technically competitive, with technological improvements, Ningbo and the smoke station can expand their production capacity to 2.6 million tonnes/year, up by more than 40%. Meanwhile, with no additional capacity abroad, Fujian and the United States will be able to build new ones.
Institutional investors as a share of liquiditya Profiling: Given the large increase in mdi prices, we raise the company’s forecast of profits for the year as a whole.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not set up by ... individual clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information was not independently verified.