And then the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse, the black horse.
The introduction of refining projects has integrated the company's entire industry chain of “oil-px-pta-polyesters.” The company is now fully catching up with older players from pta, polyester, refining, and market value.
Petrochemicals, the absolute black horse in the industry. px: Import substitution is expected to accelerate domestic production and import substitution. China’s 2009-2017px capacity gap is 3.45 million tons.
To 14.29 million tons, the large gap is largely met by imports from Japan and Korea, and import dependence is on the rise. As domestic private refining progresses, px supply patterns are expected to replace domestic production and reduce external dependence.
Polyesters: The concentration continues to increase and the leader consolidates 68% of the year, while the elixir capacity is concentrated mainly in Kiyokun, Shinfung, Rainbows, Roughs, Heaths, and five giants, with the capacity to produce half of the industry. In the future, new capacity is added.
The industry is expected to increase further in concentration, mainly from the peaks, and the strong are on the sails of the refining project, which is about 20 million tons of refining activity. The company has now been able to produce the oil.
The 1.5 million tonnes of Ethylene project is expected to go into production, which greatly enhances the company’s performance.
Business chain profits, companies are entering a new phase. The company’s refining project is now taking the lead, with great potential for future development, and we appreciate that the company’s ability to produce large-scale refining projects has fallen short of expectations, and downstream demand continues to weaken.
Huaanne Securities Haaanresearch 1.1 Industry Leader, Integrated Development of Polyester Industry
In March of that year, the company borrowed the Shell Company Rubber and Plastic Mechanics Company Ltd. to re-market its main board. After the reorganization was completed, the controlling shareholders’ hesitant group continually injected high-quality assets into the listed company. In February 2018, the hesitant investment and the continuous refining of assets and the listing of new shares also marked the completion of the listing.
From polyester to pta, aromatic hydrocarbons, and the entire chain of refined oil industries, the listing of listed companies has been largely completed, resulting in an integrated industrial chain layout of “oil-px-pta-polyester.”
The company actually holds the shares of Chen Jianhua, the Fan Hung Wei couple. To date, there are more than 20 wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries under the constant stock label.
Su Hengenium Fibres Co. Ltd. (Punishe), Heinrich Pulsification (Dalian) Sr. (pta and refining projects), Pulse Pulsification (polyester film, engineering plastics) Ltd., et cetera.
The total production capacity of polyester plates amounted to 2.81 million tons per year, including 1.1 million tons of fdy, 450,000 tons of dty, 200,000 tons of industrial wire, 700,000 tons of polyester slices, 200,000 tons of polyester film and 160,000 tons of engineering plastics, and a breakdown of polyesters The products are the most complete in the industry.
Additional capacity: pta 4 and 5 rounds of 2 2.5 million tonnes/year production line, 4 expected to be ready for production by the end of 2019 and 5 expected to be ready for production by the end of the first quarter of 2020; Helium 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project, closed in 2018, is now fully operational, producing finished oils and products such as px, with 1.5 million tonnes/year.
The ethylene refining project is expected to be operational in 2019q3; 1.35 million tons of civil scrubbed silk are under construction and are expected to be operational in 2020.
Since its listing, the company has benefited from the boom in the polyester sector, operating income has continued to grow at a high rate, and the boom in performance has been due to the high-quality asset (severe investment, constant refining) injections of the large shareholder hesitancy group, which have not increased in the first quarter of the year, mainly as a result of a significant increase in the prices of upstream raw materials.
The company’s main product is divided into petrochemicals and polyesters, with a relatively stable collection structure for the period 2106-2017, with a ratio of around 55% of the civil longline, 52% of the polyester slices, 22% of the pta camp, and 22% of the civil longlines, and with the completion of the refining project, the collection structure is restored.
Figure 6 Company operating income for 2016-2019q1 (millions of dollars) High-end, differentiated product positioning brings high returns. The main reason is that the company is positioned at high-end, differentiated fdy and dty products (1.1 million tons of fdy and 450,000 tons of dty) while the elixir products are profitable.
Rhodty>fdy>poy, so the Māori rate for polyester operations rose from year to year, reaching 19 per cent in 2018, significantly higher than for other competitors in the industry.
Business listings, pta, and refining in the big refining industry are three important nodes. From listing, constants took the shell to the market in 2016, at a later date; from pta, Kronkun (2009) and Hing (2005) were the first to start with the last high-scenario cycle, with industrial booms, after the weather cycle.
From the point of view of large refining, the 20 million tons of constant refining project has already been launched.
Pta, car input, glory, petrochemicals, kryptonium shares.
Q: 2019.5 Experimental operation of the Helium stock late on the market, but thanks to its efficient management model and capital operation, the Helium stock has since been elevated and is now fully catching up with pta, polyester, refining and the market value of old-fashioned players in the industry.
Two major refining industries: a new pattern of integrated domestic development, a large refining chain consisting of oil refining, petrochemicals, fibre optics, and textiles. One is the refining chain:
Oil-based, machine-processed and ready to produce the most basic products, such as oil, hydrocarbons and aromatic hydrocarbons; second petrochemical component: deep processing mainly of products from the refining chain, which can produce such products as fuelwood kerosene, ethylene diol and phenyldiphenylacetate; third component: fibre optics, mainly using upstream ethylene diol and fertilisers
For benzodiate, polyesters (also called pets), the products consist mainly of fibre-grade slices, bottle-grade slices, film-grade slices, of which the most productive and widely used are fibre-grade slices; and downstream application chain IV: mainly the application of detergent products in textiles, clothing and industry.
The industrial chain of refining is long and the upstream/downstream driving effect is evident, with a core product of "px-pta-pet-detergenerator" 2.1px: rapid expansion of domestic production, accelerated import substitution px: nickname: non-colourable, transparent liquid with constant temperature and aromatic, combustible, low toxicity
The main downstream application of px is pta (more than 98%) and pta is the core material for the production of polyesters (pet).
2.1.1 Global px capacity is concentrated in Asian countries, Asia is the most important global supply base for px, with 77 per cent of capacity, and it can be said that Asian countries decide on a global px supply with absolute voice in the global pricing system.
South and South-East Asia are dominated by countries such as Thailand and Singapore. As domestic px capacity accelerates, there is still room for a higher share of future Chinese capacity.
A total of 6.44 per cent, after two large-scale expansions of capacity, reached 49.5 million tons in 2014, after which industrial capacity remained largely stable and did not increase significantly, but with the introduction of China ' s built-up capacity, global capacity will reach its third large-scale expansion to participate in global competition.
Asia is a major global supply base for px, with South Korea (33 per cent), India (19 per cent) and Japan (13 per cent) producing 65 per cent, while other countries producing less.
Figure 17,2018 Asian countries have a ratio of productive capacity, from the business point of view, among the top 10 firms in Asian countries, with South Korea owning five enterprises, India, Japan, China, Saudi Arabia, and Thailand each.
China is the world’s largest exporter of textiles, with a serious imbalance in the domestic supply and demand of px, and a growing demand gap. Domestic px capacity remained essentially unchanged from 2009 to 2017, while the demand gap was from 2009 to 2017.
In the face of the large domestic supply gap, only imports will make up for it in the short term. Domestic imports amounted to 1,444 million tons in 2017, while imports grew at an average annual rate of 18.56 per cent from 2009 to 2017, as a result of rapid growth in imports.
Figure 19-2018.1 Domestic production, demand and differentials of px imports are concentrated in countries such as Japan and Korea. China, as a large global px demand country, has a constant rate of self-sufficiency of less than 50%, and imports are mainly from countries and regions such as Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, and are imported from Japan and South Korea.
The px ratio is as high as 63%. Continued high domestic import dependence also leads to high prices for px, with large share profits being taken by countries like Japan and Korea.
Drive operations at the end of 2018, with a total of 8.5 million tonnes/year of px capacity released. The projected additional px capacity in the country will reach 13.6 million tonnes between 2019 and 2020, which will significantly reduce the domestic px capacity gap and reduce external project sites
2.2pta: Extended production from taps with continuous increase in concentration pta: glycerin to beryllic acid, white crystals or powder, low poison, flammable at constant temperatures. pta with px (80%) as a solvent with acetic acid, oxidized by air under catalyst.
Pta is one of the major organic materials widely used in chemical fibres, light work, electronics, construction.
At the same time, pta applications are concentrated, with more than 95% of pta in the world being used for the production of polybenzoate ethylene diol (polymer, pet).
2.2.1 Slow growth in domestic production capacity The nominal capacity of pta in the country grew from 14.06 million tonnes/year to 50.6 million tonnes/year, with a 17.4 per cent annual compound growth rate, and production of pta increased from 11.96 million tonnes/year to 32.73 million tonnes/year over the same period, with an annual compound growth rate
It's low start-up rates in firms, with a lot of productive capacity left idle. pta supply and demand are left in short balance from a gap to a tight balance. While domestic pta demand was abundant in 2010-2012, there was a gap in supply and demand over the same period due to limited production capacity, amounting to about 4.5 million tons.
While the output gap has been largely met, supply and demand are largely in a tight balance, with a certain amount of surplus each year, with demand falling in 2018 under the influence of the domestic and foreign economy, making the pta surplus relatively large. In the future, as the domestic economy recovers steadily, demand increases, while the pta’s future capacity is released slowly, and pta’s supply and demand estimates will maintain a tight balance.
Figure 26 Domestic pta supply and demand gap Slow down future production capacity, concentrated after 2020, and mainly expanded production by leading firms. Ten thousand tons of pta devices could be put into production, and 2.2 million tons of new production capacity could be added to Fujii’s 1.5 million tons of devices.
The country’s pta capacity is mainly concentrated in the three regions of China’s East, South China, and the North-East. This has benefited mainly from the country’s policy support, with three regions with national capacity bases and a combination of transport and transportation.
The pta region is highly concentrated. Three regions provide more than 96 per cent of the country’s capacity. The north-east, north-east and south-east, which accounts for 28.86 per cent of the country’s total capacity, the east-east, 57.15 per cent, and the south-east, 10.23 per cent.
Figure 29 Performance of major pta suppliers in the country, pta capacity, is concentrated mainly in industry leading firms. In 2010-2018, with the phase-out of small-scale production, the production of such firms grew steadily, and the concentration of the pta sector rose from year to year.
This rises to 68%, and the combined capacity of the Fugitive Surgery (altitude, prosperity) to produce effectively accounts for about 30% of the country’s total capacity, and the oligarchic situation has been highlighted. In recent years, capacity expansion has been dominated mainly by leaders in such sectors as constant stockholdings, kronaquin shares, salivized petrochemicals, glorified petrochemicals, and New Phoenix, where future market concentration is expected to increase further.
The ratio of domestic pta markets in figure 30 2010 was 2,077 million tons, 3,373 million tons in 2017 and 6.7 per cent for seven years, with steady growth in pta demand.
Figure 32 shows the main domestic consumption and growth rates, the start rate has risen steadily, and the number of days in stock has remained low. In terms of start-up rates, the basic balance of supply and demand has slowed with the growth of production capacity by 2.3 per cent over 10 to 14 years.
Pet: Polyacetic ethylene ethylene phenylacetic acid, commonly known as polyesters. Polymeric polymers with a high crystallization of milk white or light yellow, smooth and light surface, primary downstream product of pta. Polyesters include polyester fibres, bottle slices and thin film slices. 79% of pta is used in the domestic market.
Production of polyester fibres, mainly for clothing textiles and industrial products; 15% for bottle-grade polyesters, mainly for packaging of beverages, especially carbonate; and 5% for membrane-level polyesters, mainly for packaging materials, film and tape.
Since pet downstream polyester fibres are measured mainly by scrubbing filament, we've focused on the ellipse filamentation.
Between 2014 and 2014, it was high and long. In particular, annual capacity growth exceeded 10% around 2012, with a significant increase in new production capacity and a slowdown in downstream demand leading to a significant overcapacity in the industry, which is expected to re-enter the expansionary cycle starting in 2018, with improvements in the profitability of the elixir industry.
This expansion of production capacity is concentrated in leading enterprises, with a further increase in industrial concentration. The concentration of production capacity is high. We have 34.65 million tonnes of silhouette production per year, of which 52.5% is produced in Zhejiang region, 24.06% in Jiangsu province, 6.08% in Fujian province, and the total in three provinces.
The ratio is 82.63 per cent, with a highly concentrated geographical distribution of the long strips, which are also the upper pta and downstream textile garments, exhibiting strong industrial clusters, low logistics and transaction costs, and the core competitiveness of the chemical fibre-optic chain in the Zhejiang and Jiangsu regions.
In the next few years, the expansion of the scavengers has also been concentrated in the dragons of Kiyokun, Shinfung, Shinfung, Sheung Min, Sheung Shing, Sheung Shui, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hung, Hin, Hung, Hung, Hin, etc.
The concentration of the industry market will increase further.
The country’s downstream is mainly applied to garments, domestic spinning, and the industry, where the demand is more than 50%, and the home and industry 33% and 15%, respectively. Thus, the landscape of the textile industry and the textile industry, which is the main source of downstream demand, has an important impact on the long silk market.
In terms of the overall consumption of the elixir, the country’s longline consumption is rising year by year, with no steady growth in the consumption of the filament. The consumption of long filamentation rose from 17.7 million tons in 2011 to 2.74 million tons in 2017, with a compound growth rate of 7.28 per cent, with a compound growth rate of 10.6 per cent in the last two years.
The downstream textile industry has maintained a stable overall textile climate index since 2011, which fluctuates at around 1400, and the overall industry trend has remained stable, providing a supply for the long-line demand for scrubbering.
The start-up rate has risen and the inventory has dropped. The start-up rate has been around 80% since 2017, 86% in March 2019, and the start-up rate in the industry has picked up. From the point of view of the inventory, the inventory at the end of 2016 was low for the same period in history, and the stock continued to wave at the lower levels.
God, because of the increase in new downstream orders and the decline in stocks. The high rate of start-up and the decline in the stock of long silk provide a strong guarantee for the steady growth of downland demand.
3. The refining project sails and the company is moving on to new developments.
Hundreds of millions of dollars, with investment of $21 billion to build 1.5 million tonnes per year of ethylene. The refining integration project is on the east side of the Henli petrochemical (Dalian) pta project on Grand Long Island. According to the company ' s announcement at the end of March, the refining project has been fully developed and successfully produced products such as px, gasoline, diesel, kerosene, etc. The ethylene package project is expected to be 2019q3.
3.1 The refining project has a unique advantage in terms of technology and scale. The main installations of the constant refining project include 20 million tons of constant decompression and 11.5 million tons of heavy oil and hydrogen, 3 3.2 million tons of recombinant units and 2 225-played anger aromatic aromatic devices, all of which are used worldwide.
An advanced industry process. The boiling-bed and hydrogen cracking and solvent de-alkane processes used in the refining facility significantly increase the rate of transformation of the slag oil, thus increasing the scephalus rate from 13% to 45%, with 20 million tons of crude oil extracted from the scerebral oil base, which could have achieved self-sufficiency.
The company ' s constant pressure-relief devices, heavy-oil and hydrogen-filling units, recombinant units, aromatic systems are the leading domestic and even the world in terms of size alone and in terms of consumption and energy consumption, ensuring the cost advantage of the project ' s s scalding combined raw materials. The refining project ' s raw materials are 12 million tons of sand-heavy crude oil, 6 million tons of sand-based crude oil, and 200 million tons of sand-based oil.
Tons of marin crude oil. The relatively low cost of procurement of high-quality, high-acid crude oil can, to some extent, cushion the risks associated with rising prices of raw materials and effectively reduce the cost of raw materials.
Accompaniment advantages. These include, inter alia, self-contained power plants, the provision of low-cost electricity and steam; home-made oils, crude oil terminals, railways, road-loading facilities, etc. The product of the refining project, px, can be transported directly from the pipeline to the stylized pta plant near Changing Island, which was previously imported from Japan and Korea.
Compared to this, freight and tariffs have been significantly reduced. These full-blown advantages will reduce the associated energy and transport costs and further increase the company’s cost-side advantages.
The Helium Group has signed strategic cooperation and marketing agreements with the Centralized Group, China Oil and China ' s petrochemicals, and will cooperate fully in the procurement of crude oil, the sale of finished oil, the sale of lubricating oil and the sale of other petrochemical products, relying on their international trade networks and domestic marketing platforms.
The 3.2 Ethylene Project perfected the integration puzzle to maximize the benefits of integration by making full use of 20 million tons of by-products of the refining project.
The investment of $21 billion in industrial parks to build 1.5 million tons of ethylene/years of raw materials from upstream refining devices can enable the full utilization of available resources, reduce the cost of transportation of raw materials and increase the profitability of enterprises.
The main products of the ethylene project are 1.5 million tons of ethylene, 1.8 million tons of ethylene, 720,000 tons of styrene, 400,000 tons of high-density polyethylene per year, 2 900,000 tons of ethanol per year, 170,000 tons of carbon tetrahydrogen per year.
Tons of polyethylene, 850,000 tons of polypropylene, 140,000 tons of butadiene.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.