Private refining poles, building a two-cycle cycle, both within and outside the sea, glory petrochemicals (002493.sz) Investment rating: buy-in (maintain)
Intra-smelling maps, leading to international battles: after 30 years of farming, the glorified petrochemicals have been completed from “one silk” to “one drop of oil” to the continued expansion of the platform-type new materials enterprise. In March 2023, the company transferred 10% of the stake to Saudi Arabians at a high premium for crude oil procurement, raw material supply, and conversion.
The company has 40 million tons of refined energy, the largest single-body industrial integration project in the world, with the advantage of its size.
The firmest moat river. Zhejiang is petrochemically integrated into aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene, pta, eva, etc., with the depth and breadth of the industrial chain.
The future is expected to depend on the industrial cost advantage of the Saudi Jubail Industrial Park and the four-base material recycling advantage, while opening up the growth space by taking advantage of the location of overseas refineries. Corporate performance forecasts and investment ratings:
The company is one of the leading industrial companies in China and China, with strong integration advantages. Deepening the moats inside, building a double circle of four bases in the two countries. The company is currently under pressure from the decline in petrochemical products. As the bottom of the petrochemical industry reverses, the company returns to the title.
Project construction is not as fast as expected; downstream demand is not recovering as expected.
From a silk to a drop of oil, in November 2010, Eun Seok was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
After 30 years of farming, the glorified petrochemicals have gone from "one silk" to "one drop of oil" to the growth of platform-type new materials. The company is now deployed from refining, aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons to downstream concentrates of phenylacetic acid (pta), ethylene diol.
(meg) and polyesters (pet, with vials, film), scrubbing (poy, fdy, dty) complete industrial chain. - In 1995, the company ' s predecessor, The Tremendous Textiles, Ltd., was established and began to materialize.
A production strategy supported by knitting and detergents. In 1997 the company proactively introduced advanced pet slices of silk and ballistics equipment from Japan, leading to a shift from the traditional textile industry to the upstream fibre optics industry.
In 2002, the production of 200,000 tonnes of polyesters and straight wires per year was completed, with the main industry structure transformed from pet sliced to esters, molten wire, and shelled production.
In 2003, the company successfully moved into the pta area by investing in fugitive petrochemicals. - In 2019, the company's controlled subsidiary, Zhejiang petrochemicals 40 million tonnes/yearly refining integration project (phase I). In early 2022, the project became fully operational.
One of the largest single-body refineries in the world, from a silk to a drop of oil, chart: Pride and petrochemical equity structure.
The company has a well-structured equity and well-distributed subsidiary. The company owns fully-funded or participating subsidiaries such as petrochemicals, China-Goldstones, China-South Fuzzys, Fugitives, Metabolic Fibres, and builds a global super-large \triangleright integrated refining base, completes upstream and downstream packages, and continuously upgrades the new energy and materials industry chain.
Saudi Arabia’s Arab-American strategic entry, the glory program, went to the world, and, according to the Emeritus Proclamation, on 27 March 2023, the company established a strategic partnership with Saudi Arabia’s Arab-Americans. Saudi Arabian-American-owned subsidiary, aoc, was given a privileged share at a price of $24.3 per share.
Pride petrochemical shares of 1,013 million shares, at a total cost of approximately 24.6 billion yuan, have become major shareholders and have signed the Strategic Cooperation Agreement. In addition, Pyrochemical and affiliated subsidiaries have signed a package of agreements with Saudi Arabia and the US and its affiliates on crude oil procurement agreements, relief deeds, parent company guarantees, ats framework agreements, feedstock supply contracts, chemical framework agreements, refined and chemical products framework agreements, crude oil storage framework agreements, technology sharing framework agreements, and so on.
Cooperation in oil storage and technology-sharing. 1, Crude Oil Purchase Agreement: Saudi Army, Psychic and Psychic (Singapore) Pty Ltd. will enter into a crude oil purchase agreement (cosa) for the supply of Saudi Americ to Psychics, with a commitment of 480,000 (480,000) barrels of Arab crude oil per day for processing at a refinery located in Choshan City, Zhejiang Province, China, at a price determined on the basis of open crude oil market indicators;
The initial fixed duration of the agreement is 20 (20) years, with a subsequent extension of five (5) years, unless otherwise terminated by agreement; the parties will conclude the relevant agreements, including the relief deed and the parent guarantee (pcg) at the same time. 2, Ats Framework Agreement: aramcrossingsingaporepte.ltd (ats, Ameri Singapore Trading Corporation) and Emeritus Singapore will conclude the framework agreement, the main elements of which are:
During the life of \triangleright cosa, in addition to the supply of crude oil under cosa, ats could supply Singapore with up to 80,000 barrels/day of Arab and/or non-Arab crude oil, which is a framework arrangement to be further negotiated and confirmed by the parties.
3. The Framework Agreement on Crude Oil Storage: Chelmization or its associated direction, Saudi Arabia, provides a crude oil storage tank and related facilities with an indicative capacity of 3 million cubic metres in the city of Choonsan; (a) Saudi Arabia or its associates maintain the crude oil stock in the tanks at an indicative minimum level of 1.5 million metric tons and undertake corresponding obligations for replenishment; (b) Saudi Ameri or its associates shall replenish their stocks with at least 1.5 million metric tons of crude oil within 42 days of the date of the shortfall; and (c) if the storage stock of the tanks is less than 750,000 metric tons, the crude oil in the tanks shall not be supplied for the removal of petrochemicals.
Saudi Arabia’s Arab-American strategic entry into the world, the glory program, and its glory petrochemicals are actively promoting strategic cooperation at the sasref refinery. On 19 November 2024, the two sides signed the Framework Agreement for the Development of an Industry in Jubail, Saudi Arabia.
The project will integrate existing refinery facilities and upgrade the production of petrochemical products to meet market demand, with the objective of reducing oil growth. The equity structure: On 22 April, Eon Seon Seok-seung and Saudi Amer signed the Framework Agreement for Cooperation, the main elements of which are the sale and purchase of 50% of the equity of each of the Pyrochemical and Saudi Arabian U.S. Sassref S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S.
Progress on the project: The company and Saudi Arabia have agreed on some of the matters and signed a Framework Agreement for a Joint Development Agreement in Riyadh on 11 September 2024 to jointly promote the implementation of the Joint Development Agreement to regulate joint activities required by Sasref for the joint development of the expansion project. On 19 November 2024, Emeritus (Singapore) Ltd. and Saudi Amé and its subsidiary, Saudia-Member Al-Jubayl Refinery Company (“sasref”), signed a Framework Agreement for Development in Beijing, China, which formally entered the joint development phase.
The four-base confluence scenario of the two countries. Through strategic entry and equity swaps of affiliates, Saudi Arabia will gain a mature 40 million tons of single-body refinery management experience for installation and expansion.
As a result of the above-mentioned cooperation, Saudi Arabia’s Américas and Emeritus are trying to build the two countries.
Four bases are working together to maximize benefits and expand market access. The importance of integration underscores the fact that crude oil is being refined into our daily lives.
\triangleright Chart: crude oil process flow chart Most petrochemical products such as finished oil, leachate
Cyan, coke, liquefied gas, collusive fibres, etc., thus occupy a significant strategic position in the national economy.
The refining of crude oil consists mainly of seven processes: constant depressure distillation: separation distillation Catalysing: heavy oil lightening
Delayed carcinogenization: fission produces oil, gas and coke, hydrogenification: heavy oil lightening Solvent de-alkane: extraction of heavy distillation such as asphalt
Hydrogen concentrate: removal of impurities Catalytic reorganization: fine-tuning increase of octane in gasoline
Chart: The production capacity of our constant depressure devices constitutes an annual growth in our normal depressure capacity, which now stands at 934 million tons in 2019.
Since China Oil, private capital inflows have brought about a new increase in productive capacity, with private smelting with its large productive capacity, integration and efficient management.
The advantages of Rs have forced the entire industry to upgrade its installations and expand its production capacity. Private refining now accounts for 27% of the industry, second only to central petrochemicals.
In the last three years, only 15 million tons of new capacity has been added, 3.5 million tons of towers and two phases of Guray refining.
The importance of integration is highlighted. The price of refined downstream products falls with the price of oil year after year, putting more demands on the cost control of refineries. Large-scale integrated refineries are heavily laid.
The Bureau has been able to combine production from up to downstream, naturally with a more graphic: the price gap for diesel cracks, the price gap for cracks is gradually rising, and the refinery’s profits are expected to improve marginally. Historically, gasoline and diesel prices have followed the price of crude oil and lag slightly behind, while the price gap for cracks has followed the price of crude oil.
The price of international oil, after two rounds of conflict between Ukraine and Israel, is now falling into shock, and the price gap between gasoline and diesel is expected to surface. Chart: The refinery’s theoretical gross daily profits (US$/tonne) recovered significantly during the year.
\triangleright terminal demand is low and the start rate is low. The refinery stock continued to be high during the year, \triangleright, against the backdrop of a pre-destination of diesel consumption in our country, a slowdown in the rate of petrol affected by the replacement of electric vehicles and changes in the mode of travel
On 23 June 2025, five ministries, including the Ministry of Labour and Communications, the National Development Reform Commission and others, jointly issued a circular on the conduct of a mapping assessment of old and old installations in the petrochemical industry.
The circular states the need for a comprehensive mapping of the base levels of old installations in the petrochemical, chemical and chemical industries that have been operating for more than 20 years or have reached the age of their design, the establishment of an up-to-date and modified desk account to protect against major security environment risks, and the promotion of industry “reverse inner volume” and high-quality development, with the main objective of providing data support for national refining capacity to be contained within 1 billion tons by 2025.
At the end of September 2025, the Ministry of Industry and Informationization, the Ministry of Eco-Environment, the Ministry of Emergency Management, the People's Bank of China, the General Directorate of Market Supervision, the General Directorate of Financial Supervision, the General Agency for Supply and Marketing Cooperation, among others, jointly issued the Work Programme for Steady Growth in the Chemical Industry (2025-2026), which provides four main directions: productive capacity, expansion of effective investment, expansion of market demand, and optimization of development vehicles.
03 ZP + sasref double resonance. ZP: the largest single-body refinery in the world.
The 40 million tonnes/year refining integration project is located in a green petrochemical base in the canyon, with a total planned area of 41 square kilometres, with a total investment of $173 billion, producing countries such as vi diesel fuel, coal, \triangleright on benzene (px), high-end polyolecrylate hydrocarbons, polycarbonate petrochemical products. The project is planned in two phases: one-time processing of 20 million tonnes of crude oil per year, 5.2 billion tonnes of aromatic hydrocarbons per year and ethylene production per year.
1.4 million tons, completed in 2019; 20 million tons of crude oil processed annually in phase II, 6.6 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons per year, 1.4 million tons of ethylene per year, fully operational in early 2022.
There is a gap between petrochemicals and traditional refineries. The 40 million tonnes/year refining integration project is the largest single-body refining integration project in the country, ranking Zhejiang as the fifth largest in the world in terms of the size of the refining capacity of existing and individual plants under construction.
1) Large single-line size: For the current large-scale refining units, production can be converted to multiple units. Compared with Zhejiang petrochemicals, there is a single-line advantage and sophistication. 2) High degree of integration: the entire design of the early traditional refineries is based on oil, either ethylene or px (catalysing) is usually implemented in a phased manner, or the refining oil is not the subject of a petrochemical project, which results in insufficient product optimization between the refining oil and petrochemicals, which is the complete subject of an integrated refinery plus ethylene project.
On the mountain islands of fishy mountains, pipe connections are used between upstream and downstream installations, and both oil feed and finished goods are transported by sea or sea, with significant advantages in transport and management costs. 3) Low investment per unit: petrochemicals are used as an integrated refinery for refining oil, with one ton of capacity invested significantly lower than in foreign refineries.
Diagrams: Pyrochemical flat layouts Pyrochemicals: depth, breadth and availability of downstream industrial chains: fine, high-end layout of downstream products. Pyrochemical no-commodity ethylene outsales, all ethylenes continue to be processed deep, and the product programme selects the market
The bulk products with large capacity and high external self-sustainability. The first and second ethylene downstreams are mainly fdpe, hdpe, eo/eg, etc. For acrylic, apart from ethylene by-products, there are two sets of 600,000 tons of pdh devices that can increase the production of acrylic and produce hydrogen by-products.
Cooperation will further consolidate current crude oil procurement cooperation to ensure a long-term stable supply of crude oil.
Psychiatry: The largest single-body refinery in the world compared data from private big-scale refineries, we found that the overall rate of ecstasy is at the forefront of the industry for a long time, with the rate of ecstasy at 2025q3 at 12.91%, after the rate of stellar petrochemicals.
Since 2022, hit in both directions by increases in crude oil prices and weak demand, the major refining industry as a whole has fallen, and the industry as a whole has seen a decline in Māori, but the company remains the fastest rebounding producer in the industry. One ton of profits has improved markedly, with a turning point.
Chart: Monoton and Net Profit (millions of yen) sasref: Progress of Project for Building Offshore Profited Energy for Saudi Resources in the Emeritus Model: 19 November 2024, signed in Beijing, China, by Yon Seon Seok Seok (Singapore) Ltd. and Al-Amei, Saudi Arabia, and its subsidiary, Al-Amei Jubail Refinery Company (“sasref”)
A Framework Agreement for Development, the project is officially entering a joint development phase, with equity comprising 50% of each Saudi Arabian-American target: the creation of a four-base integration cycle. The two countries are collaborating in the exchange and expansion of marketing networks. In the east, Zhejiang Province is the hub for the distribution of radiation in Northeast Asia and South-East Asia.
In the Middle East, the Saudi Jubail Industrial Park is used as a springboard to expand into European, African, and Indian markets. The four bases are sasref, petrochemicals, central gold petrochemicals, the recycling of new materials, maximizing the efficiency of the use of raw materials, reducing costs and prolonging the industrial chain.
The main products of the refinery include liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), pyrocephaly oil, kerosene, diesel fuel, fuel oil, and sulphur. There are more than 700 employees of the sasref refinery, \triangleright being dominated by Saudi residents.
Jubail is one of the largest ports and industrial cities in Saudi Arabia and one of the largest industrial complexes in the world. Jubail Industrial Zones include two petrochemical complexes in the second phase of Jubail and Jubail, as well as a large number of industries associated with light industry, industrial services, commerce, etc.
The Jubail Industrial Zone has a geographical advantage: on the port side, it is located at the port of the Persian Gulf, with the largest industrial port in the Middle East, King Fahd Port, which can dock at 500,000 tons of class Vlcc. On the water side, the campus is equipped with the world’s largest desalination plant, the Jubail Factory; on the transport side, it is close to King Fahd Airport, the largest airport in eastern Saudi Arabia.
In terms of industrial costs, the Jubail industrial zone has set favourable conditions for attracting investment. The electricity prices set by Jubail and Yamb hydroelectric utility companies (marafiq) are SAR 0.18/kwh, which is about 46% lower than in Zhejiang province after the renminbi; the rental price of land for industrial use is SAR 4.5/m2 and industrial investors can obtain free access to land if eligible; Gas prices in the park are equivalent to RMB 0.2/m3, which is 5% of the gas price for non-resident pipelines in Zhejiang province.
In addition to this, the Jubail Industrial Park is home-rich with ethane resources, which is the main raw material for the production of ethylene, an important petrochemical intermediate product. The development of the ethylene fission dehydrate device with the advantage of local resources will be highly recombinant with the development vision of the sasref Refinery Project for less oil, with significant advantages at the cost of raw materials. A significant amount of ethane is currently imported in the country, with an average of $200/tonne offshore in the United States in 2025, compared with only $123/t in Saudi Arabia, with a cost difference of about 39%.
Corporate performance forecasts and investment ratings are one of the leading companies in China and China, with strong integration advantages. Deepening the size of the mooring river, building the two-base dual cycle from the two countries. Companies are currently under pressure from the decline in petrochemical products. With the petrochemical industry at the bottom.
(b) Lower demand recovery than expected.
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in the chemical industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of vendor research experience, ten years of buyer research experience, good judgement of industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and a clear and accurate reflection of my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The information in the report and the views expressed therein do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations in respect of the sale of the securities in question. The information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions in the present report.
It also consults with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters, as necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.