A little over-expected performance during the quarter, with high-end progress - Qingdao Beers (600,600) Quarterly Review 2021: A Quarterly Report 2021 issued by Qingdao Beer, which achieved $8,928 million in operating income during the reporting period
In the first quarter of 2021, corporate operating income and net profits attributable to parent companies increased by 41.87 per cent, respectively.
As a whole, net interest rates increased by 3.00 percentage points to 11.81 per cent in the first quarter of 2021.
In terms of sales, the company achieved 2.19 million litres of beer sales in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 35 per cent in the same year.
The company makes full use of the brand and quality advantages of Qingdao's beer, actively promotes innovation drive and product structure upgrades, and continues to drive the 28th Street of Peace, Reeze, Beijing West Side.
Launching of high-quality new niches and accelerating the transition to high-value products such as listening wine and refined products
We believe that the company's high-end strategy continues to move forward, with a constant shift in prices from the 1,000-high-quality to the high-end market, taking advantage of the high-end advantage.
Hsien Hsien Fukuda Fukuwa, tax-free company number six, Sichuan's free-trade experiment with Sichuan.
In 2021-2023, business income is projected at $305,62,26.07 and $34,512 million, respectively; it belongs to the mother-in-law.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.