21q1 business performance increased before the epidemic, and the dominant competitive edge was consolidated. Qingdao beer (60060000) was evaluated in the first quarter of 2021 and achieved a net return profit of 1,022 million yuan, compared to 90.26 per cent, and basic pers was 0.76.
The company's business performance grew stronger before the outbreak, the main competitive advantage was consolidated, and last year's period of disruptions, the normalization of the epidemic, the company's business performance grew stronger before the epidemic, and the main industry's competitive advantage was consolidated. At the end of the income, the 20q1 company's beer products continued to grow strongly and accumulated sales increased.
A total of 219,000 litres, or +35 per cent, of alcohol products, with the sales of Aoshima's beer master brands equal to +44 per cent; and the structure of the product, which compares the Unit with the trend of Deep 300.
Upgraded. At the profit end, benefiting from price increases for products such as low-end alpine mountains; influenced by factors such as the increase in the retrenchment rate of major products, the overall Māori ratio level of the Department as a whole has increased markedly over the same period, and the net profit of the parent has increased significantly faster than the end of the income.
21q1 Māori 45.13 per cent compared to +5.07ppt due mainly to the continued improvement in product structure, higher interest rate ratio and higher prices for low Māori products.+0.94 ppt due to a corresponding increase in logistics costs as a result of increased sales of 20q1 and brand cost inputs and employee salaries
The management cost rate is 3.80%, equal to the same rate, and the main change in the cost composition is the same increase in the share payment rate recognized under the Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme in 20q1. The R & D cost rate is 0.04%, compared to 0.01 ppt. The financial cost rate is -0.83%, compared to +0.99 ppt, due to the company ' s structured deposit operations and their returns.
Gains from fair value change. Future development has multiple perspectives, and corporate profitability continues to improve \triangleright
At the income end, in recent years, corporate brands have performed well, product structures have been optimized and the overall tanking rate affected by the epidemic has improved, both of which together contribute to corporate profitability and are expected to develop long-term trends in the future, accelerating corporate output.
With strong brand power and equity incentives to unleash business dynamism, the company’s future profitability will continue to grow. Innovation marketing has played a significant role, and profit-side improvements have slowed.
Comment: O3 achieved a full increase in volume prices, with 48 times greater future development than in 2021 (wind agreed expectations, averaging of numbers), roughly equal, maintaining a “recommended” rating, taking into account the firm's certainty and vanity of growth.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food drinks and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Private Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.