Qingdao beer (600,600): The company's performance increased significantly, with 2021q1 becoming open-door. Quarterly report 2021 was released on the afternoon of 22 April. During the reporting period, the company earned $8,928 million in operating income, an increase of 41.87 per cent; and it was placed on the market.
• The company's performance has grown considerably and its prices have risen. Since the beginning of the year, the company, led by brand, has been proactive in opening up online and offline channels, constantly improving the terminal layout of the market, actively promoting innovation drivers and optimizing product structures, while the other side has been active in upgrading the product structure.
Thousands of litres, a 35 per cent increase in the same year, achieved full income, sales and net profits.
+0.93pc, mainly due to the corresponding increase in logistics costs as a result of the increase in sales and the inclusion of gains from structured deposit operations as a result of a change in fair value; administrative and research and development cost rates have remained largely stable. The combined Māori ratio is 45.13 per cent, compared to the same rate.
The company looks forward to the future. (1) The company continues to develop and roll out high-quality new niches, accelerating the transition to higher value-added products such as listening wine and refined products, leading to a 44 per cent increase in card sales on a year-on-year basis, and high-end growth is expected to continue steadily and drive.
The expansion of the thousands of litres of beer expansion project, the Qingdao Beverage Smart Manufacturing Demonstration Plant, etc., will significantly improve the supply capacity of high-end products: (3) Qingdao Beer Factory was rated by the World Economic Forum as the world's first beer and beverage industry Internet light
Tower factory, a company that is actively engaged in the transition to digital production, upgrading the industrial chain, modernizing the supply chain, helping to form a dominant industrial cluster; (4) full-time push into the Spring Farming Initiative, actively building consumption scenes and immersion patterns, gathering together.
The resources of the focal area have made a major effort to open up online and offline channels to meet consumer demand for multi-species, easy and efficient consumption, and given the position of corporate industry leaders, high-end products have the potential to be over-expected,
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because it is received by the recipient. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but in the report.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investments.
Purpose, financial position and specific needs, consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.