Starwoo shares (601799.sh) Autobot auto parts iii reported performance in line with expectations, and Starwoo was in the "lucky" era.
(1) Downstream customers continue to grow in terms of production, such as the general public, wide-air vehicles and other high-quality customers such as the Gilly Car, Volvo (China) and Chiréte Jaguars, and demand for their products has increased further; (2) prior large-scale projects, enhancing the profitability of companies while also providing strong guarantees for the development of their business.
Led lights have the advantage of lower energy consumption, longer life, smaller size, and higher brightness than traditional halograms, aphids, are one of the trends in the absence of lights, and penetration rates will increase rapidly. In the current domestic market for led lamps, Heila, Fareo,
The company’s products are now moving towards a technological reserve, and it is expected to accelerate the import substitution of high-end lamps. And the company’s products, from light to light, from halogen to led, are rising from small to large, and the value of one-car packages is nearly 10 times higher, and they are about to be opened.
The company’s clients include a large number of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of gas, a lot of gas, a lot of gas, a lot of gas, a lot of gas, a lot of cars, a lot of cars, a lot of cars, a lot of money, and a lot of good cars, both domestic and international, such as Chirre, a lot of Japanese, a lot of German BMW, and a lot of new cars in the first half of the 17th year.
In the first half of 2017, the company took over 39 new projects, including 9 for front lights, 8 for post-package lights, 36 for batches, and 36 for quality new projects that guarantee the company’s future development.
Starting with the bulk production phase, the new capacity is expected to be resonant with new clients, new projects and higher performance.
High-quality clients such as Jili Car, Volvo (China) and Chirete Jaguar Lugger have increased demand for their products; (2) the increase in the number of front-light and led-light projects, the optimization of the product structure and the increase in the company ' s Māori ratio, 36 new batches in the first half of the year, and the enhancement of the public sector ' s profitability have also provided strong guarantees for corporate business development.
(i) The Māori rate has passed and is expected to increase on a quarterly basis, according to single-season data, in the fourth quarter of 16 years it has been low, and has been rising on a quarterly basis since 17 years. As the process of high-end corporate products accelerates, the Māori rate is expected to continue to rise.
(ii) The high rate of corporate management costs of three costs, mainly due to the company ' s continued increase in R & D investment in recent years. The share of corporate R & D costs in business income was 4.63 per cent in the first half of the 17 years, and continued R & D inputs have also been effective in raising technology competition for company carlight products
So far, the company’s first generation and second generation of adb headlights have been successfully developed, and negotiations with the mainframe for project applications have been initiated; the auxiliary far-light (blue-to-white laser) headlights have been successfully developed; and the auxiliary long-light (rgb laser) headlights are in the process of being developed.
(iii) There was also a better trend in corporate net cash flows, which were $450 million in the first half of 17 years, a significant increase of 133.94 per cent compared to the previous year, indicating a better cash return capability for companies.
ii. New customers and new products are on the rise, and it is expected to accelerate at a time of “lucky” when the star will be replaced by the import of (i) led lights, which have gone from halogen lamps, to incandescent lamps, to alfon fluorescent lamps, and led lamps.
The advantage of having less energy, longer life, smaller size, and higher brightness is one of future trends. The share of led as a source of light is expected to grow in the future, and the use of the americium as a source will decrease. Companies have a rich technological reserve in the area of car lamps, and products have gradually upgraded from small to large lamps, from halogen to light.
The company has entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with China under Matsu, where both sides are working on the development of Led light-drive technology, and where the competitiveness of Led light products is expected to increase. Foreign firms such as Hira and Fareo are still in the lead in the domestic market and are able to design and produce Led lamps with relatively few insiders. With excellent product power, the company Led lights are expected to turn on import replacements.
(ii) New customers, new projects, company clients, including a populist, a toyota, a populist, accelerator, accelerator, a large-scale Toyota, a wide-blown car, Chirii.
In the first half of 2017, the company took over 39 new projects, including 9 front lights, 8 rear lights, and bulk-car lights.
New projects, 36 of which are of high quality, provide a strong guarantee for the company’s future development. As the fourth quarter begins to move into the bulk production phase, new production capacity will synergize with new clients, new projects, and promote high performance growth.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data