The depth report/cars and accessories industry.
In-house lights are profitable, and the company is an insider's head, an excellent private business, with customers covering the mainstream. The country's pattern of competition in the lighting industry is extremely strong, and the internal capital lights are working together on the home side of the garage.
The potential for import substitution is highlighted in the procurement strategy. Companies’ profitability is now on the rise.
In response to ledization, the upgrading of intelligent tide products, and the current trend in car lighting, the light is gradually shifting from an initial joint venture high end to an autonomous low- and medium-end vehicle. In addition, the lamp is intelligent as one of the safety components of the car.
The upgrading of the company’s product structure leads to a value enhancement: 1) the upgrading of the company’s product structure takes place in two ways: from light to light, and from led to smart upgrade; 2) small lights, such as reading light, turning light.
The average price of the lamp is around $20, the average price of the traditional front lamp is around $600, and the average price of the led front lamp is over $2,000.
With the new product cycle of old clients + the growth of new customers + the growth of future sales – the company’s big clients are entering the new product cycle.
In addition, based on the stabilization of existing customers, the company is actively expanding its new clients, such as the Gilly Car, Volvo (China) and Chirije Jaguar.
The maintenance and expansion of clients will guarantee future orders and performance. In 2016, companies will take over new projects, and the company will already be able to make very good use of it, and the construction of new factories in Gilin and Foshan will help meet the growing demand for customers while laying the groundwork for more customers and order openings.
The prices have risen dramatically, and the company, as the head of its internal vehicle, has re-emerged into a period of gold development. The company is estimated to be 21 times, 17 times, covered for the first time, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Research Assistant: Jang Dongdong s0101605,0009.
(i) A fast-growing in-house vehicle lamphead, a domestic in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house vehicle in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house in-house, in-in business in- in- in- in- in-in business in-in business, Jiang in- in-in business in- in- in- in-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-G in-G in-in business. in-in-in-G in-G in-in-in-in-in-in-in-in company.
Lights, back-to-back lights, fog lights, etc.; the main clients are a single public, a single Toyota, a Shanghai public, Shanghai General, Chirhi Cars, the Guangbang Group, etc. As Jiangsu private business, the company actually controls Xiaoping and Cho's father and daughter, together they hold 57.29% of the company's shares, and the company owns six major holding companies.
Carlights are the company ' s main product, which has benefited from an increase in the number of clients ' packages and the expansion of new projects, and sales are growing at a rapid rate from year to year. Corporate products include the headlight category, the triangular sign category, the flexible flat-line cable category, where the headline product is the company ' s main performance, the number of customers ' packages and the expansion of new projects, and sales have increased rapidly in recent years, with a 16.3 per cent increase in sales in 2016.
(ii) Clients cover the potential for future import replacement of the mainstream car factory. Corporate customers cover the mainstream car industry, with a major clientele of a public. Corporate customers cover a public, a single gas, a Toyota, a Chirí, a Shanghai public, Shanghai General, a single-volatile, Dragon, a wide-air vehicle, etc., in the early stages of development.
Chiri was the company ' s top client, with 53.4 per cent in 2007; and to date, one populist, one populist, and another major client of the company, with 38.2 per cent and 14.6 per cent, respectively, in 2014.
Carlight companies are very closely connected to the entire garage, one with mutual equity ties and the other with a long-standing and stable partnership.
The former category: Heila (long-term mass support, Daimler, BMW, etc.) falls into the latter category. Competition patterns in the domestic industry are more than strong, and domestic car lights highlight the enormous potential for import substitution under a joint venture’s localized procurement strategy.
Shanghai small-scale enterprises, mainly linked to enterprises such as Shanghai People, Shanghai General, Toyota, etc. “Dots” refer to foreign companies such as Stanley, Chang Chunhaira, Fareo, Hubei, and Starwoo. Under a cost- and quality-oriented soilized procurement strategy, there is a potential for import substitution for in-house car lamps.
(iii) The profitability of robust performance growth is on the rise The firm's performance is on the rise, with net profits rising faster than the recovery rate of 2017h1. In recent years, the company's operating income has increased by more than 20 per cent, and net profits have increased more than 20 per cent; and the net profits of 2017h1 have increased by 32.0 per cent, exceeding the growth rate of 32.0 per cent.
Profitability is on the rise. With the increase in corporate lamp products, led light ratios, Māori rates and net interest rates are starting to change, with 2017,q2 turning points becoming apparent. The increase in profitability is mainly due to the gradual increase in the share of corporate product lamps, led lamps, and future profitability in the face of further decline in order support and poor rates.
ii. In response to ledization, the upgrading value of intelligent tide products, i.e., the advent of led, intelligent tides, the technological changes of several generations of car light sources, which are now one of the trends in car lighting and will continue in the future.
Step-by-step replacements for halogen and thorium gas lamps, which are gradually shifting from the initial deployment of jointly financed high-end vehicles to autonomous low- and medium-end vehicles, are currently the main sources of light for vehicles: halogen lamps (1970s since), thorium gas lamps (since 2000s) and led lamps (since 2015s).
Mostly equipped with high-end vehicles like Audi, Mercedes, and so on, as costs and technical problems are being addressed, the autonomous, medium- and low-end models are being built up. As part of the vehicle safety component, the intelligent upgrading will improve the vehicle’s active safety.
Carlight products include afs (pre-adaptation lighting system), adb (active headlight system) and so on. afs: it depends mainly on electronic sensors to detect the environmental light, decide whether to turn on the light, test the speed of the vehicle, etc., and adjust the light's angle appropriately.
Adb: Further upgrades of the lamp function. Depending on different road conditions, adb achieves automatic control of the driver's vision, turns on the flashlight when there are no vehicles across the street, adjusts the block in the headlights.
Staying in some of the far lights to prevent the appearance of a flair, and when the driver sees the back car from the rear-view mirror and the vehicle is very close, the block will also block some of the light, avoiding the blurring of the driver's eyes on the rear-view mirror as a result of the reflection of the rear-view mirror. (ii) The product structure continues to upgrade the value of the bicycles.
The company ' s product structure has been upgraded in two ways: from light to lamp; from light to light; from led; from smart to light; from light to light; from light to light; from light to light; from light to light; and from light to light; from light with autonomous brands, the company began to expand to joint brand lights. The company initially focused on small lights with autonomous brands, such as high-level braking lamps with Chiré, suitcase lamps, etc., in 2012.
In addition, the number of lamps in the company’s new projects is increasing; in 2016, 138 are new projects.
In the first half of 2017, 39 new projects were carried out, of which 9 were pre-lighted, followed by 2, led, intelligent upgrades: the development of new technology applications for full-blown light orders was steadily advanced. The company was actively engaged in the process of ledification and intelligence. In the area of led, the company developed and developed its own domestic technology.
In the area of intelligence, the company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Luk Kei Wing.
Co-operation in smart car lamps and night-time assistive driving: the establishment of a subsidiary, the Changzhou Star Smart, is working on a growing number of vehicle-borne electronics-led lighting projects, and the development of new technology applications, such as adb, is progressing steadily. In 2016, the company took over about half of the 19 front-light projects, with a total of Leed lamps expected to be concentrated in 2018-2019.
In addition, the company generation and generation adb prelights have been developed and are now being negotiated with the mainframe plant for project applications: Accompanied long-light (blue-to-white laser) headlights have been successfully developed and actively promoted into an Accompanied long-light (rgb laser) headlight.
Small lights to big lights, led, and intelligent upgrading will lead to an increase in the value of the company's bicycles. Small lamps like reading lights, turning lights, etc., are at an average price of around $20, while traditional front lamps are at a price of around $600, while Led's front lamp is at an average cost of over $2,000.
Third, the new product cycle of older clients plus the growth of new clients will continue to grow in the future. (i) The new clients of older clients entering the new product cycle continue to expand.
The company’s top client is a new product cycle. A mass product has increased steadily with the industry in recent years, but the structure of the substructure (10.7%) is far below the industry average (about 40%). With the current suv acceleration (18% or so) continuing to lead the overall fleet of vehicles (about 3%), a mass has only two suv models, Audi.
q3 and q5; it is expected that, with the release of the new suv model in 2018 and the change in the original model, a new stage of development will be expected in the process of releasing the new capacity. Starting in 2018, a new suv model will gradually be launched, and the old one will be in the conversion phase.
In addition, the company has been active in expanding its new customers, based on stabilizing its existing large clients. In the first half of 2017, the company’s clients added Gilly, Volvo (China) and Chirije Pao Lugger, and the number of customers expanded to provide future orders and performance.
(ii) Continuous extension of production capacity to secure new and old client orders. In 2016, the company took over 138 new projects; in the first half of 2017, the company took over 39 new projects, of which 9 were for front lights, 8 were for back-package lights, 36 were for bulklights and 36 were for high quality new items
Companies expand their capacity to meet customers’ needs, while laying the groundwork for more customers and orders. Currently, public-sector capacity is well used, reaching 89% in 2015 and the company will take over the new item in 2016.
The construction of new factories in Gilling and Fuoshan helped meet the growing demand of customers while laying the groundwork for more customers and order openings. Major customers sold less than expected, company products upgraded less than expected, and market competition intensified.
Yu Haikun, Master of Business and Industry, University of Qinghua, and an expert in automobiles, mobility and aftercare. He was in charge of marketing in the North as head of a car brand, in charge of under-line development and brand promotion activities in the country, and has two years of business experience in the post-car market, investment and research in car networking, car finance, new energy battery materials, power-filling stake and o2o automobile services.
Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consulting firm management experience, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of work experience in large commercial car enterprises, familiarizing themselves with corporate strategy, product planning, marketing planning, etc., through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing and Commodity Management.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.