Nuo shares (600803.sh) Basic chemical chromosome pesticide iii Low valuation indicator for the transition to the natural gas industry chain
In January 2019, it was announced that the company would change its operations to a natural gas industry-related business. In 2018, it had stripped the port of dimethyl ethers and began to strip away the pesticide assets and expected to return about $800 million in cash. Relying on the group gas industry chain advantage (about 10% of the domestic share), it was expected to move into full-scale military service.
The value of the company ' s core assets is 10.07 per cent shareholding in santos, energy engineering, shoals and ng in the North Sea, 200,000 tons of light hydrocarbons, coal and kerosene assets, benefiting from the exit of the oil, gas and gas industries.
The global crude oil supply and demand patterns are changing, and oil prices are less likely to drop down. For example, the China Institute for Research and Technology in the petrochemical economy recently published the China Energy Industry Development Report 2019, which estimates oil prices in 2019.
Between $60-70 per barrel, Merrill projected at $70 per barrel, eia projected at $61 per barrel, etc. The company ' s available capital is 9.7, 8.1, 6.6 times lower than the average valuation and median level in the same industry, and is also substantially fully operational, with a projected profit of more than $1.92 billion, taking into account the net profit of coal of around $300 million, total
Tan Chi Yong drops: energy engineering orders are down a lot, and so on.
The New Olympic Group, which accounts for nearly 10 per cent of the domestic gas market, will consume about three times as much of its current consumption in 2030: but the domestic gas resources are almost entirely supplied by three barrels of oil, and production is clearly insufficient to meet domestic demand, naturally.
The gas is more than 40% dependent and keeps rising; the group can only look out for gas in order to keep its share; and the new Olympics as a platform for operating middle- and upper-lying assets will have an important role to play in the expansion. The company’s existing natural gas assets are shoals and North Sea lang, santos, and the liquid gas processing plant in the United States that Toshiba is buying in combination.
The company’s core assets have benefited from higher oil and gas prices. Since the end of 2014, as a result of the global economic slowdown and increased supply, international oil prices have fallen by $30 per barrel in 2016, and have subsequently risen to $86.74 per barrel in October 2018, subject to a reduction in output; they have quickly fallen near $50 per barrel, and rebounded to the current $61 per barrel, under the expected impact of the global economic downturn.
(2019-1-28) Oil-producing countries led by Oec continue to implement a reduction policy, with market-mainstream oil prices estimated to be between $60 and $70 per barrel in 2019. The recent report of the China Institute for the Development of Energy and Chemical Industries, published by China ' s Institute for the Study of petrochemical Economics, predicts that the price of the oil in 2019 will be between $60 and $70 per barrel, Merrill is projected to be $70 per barrel, and eia is projected to be $61 per barrel in 2019.
At this price, assuming that the company's current assets are fully productive, the performance would be $1.92 billion, or about roe billion, or just five to six times that of the pe, with a high security margin. New Olympic Ecology Holdings, Inc., the first listed company in Hebei Province, was formerly known for its biochemistry through loan in 2011.
The core business covers natural gas processing and investment, energy technology engineering services, methanol, coal mining, and washing. The future will focus on building up a competitive upstream platform for clean energy, with a three-pronged commitment to corporate development: the industry shift from coal-chemicals to deep-cultivated clean energy.
Upstream; second, the engine of growth is a shift from the original investment-driven to technological innovation; third, the business model is a shift from a simple product-making business in the past to a service provider of technical services and holistic solutions. Companies will build on existing industries, building on the great advantages of branding, technology, and natural gas markets, to become suppliers and service providers of clean energy products that create beautiful ecology.
The company, the first listed company in Hebei Province, has operational plates such as coal, alkylchemicals, lng, and energy engineering integration services, which cover gas processing and investment, energy technology engineering services, and the production and marketing of chemicals such as methanol.
Figure 1: The way the company's outreach is going.
Santos' new mining shares,
Buying Toshiba America, buying new land can eng liquefied natural.
(ii) Main business analysis. The company santtos ' estimated investment return of 167 million results in a total investment return of $359 million, an increase of $667 million over the same period, representing about 35 per cent of the current non-net profit. The santos annual report has been released, with an annual performance of $630 million for the year, at the exchange rate of 6.72.
Figure 3: santos 2018 performance summary santos 2018 full-yearfinancialsnapshot
There are currently four large sections of the company’s main industry: natural gas (eng), energy engineering, coal and coal.
The way into the company, 200,000 tonnes of light hydrocarbons are new projects, and when these assets are stabilized, they are released, supporting the company's continued expansion, from methanol to dimethylether assets to coal assets, ng assets, energy engineering assets, etc., all of which have been bought and bought, and have kept their income growing steadily. In 2018, the company began to strip away and had no connection to the natural gas chain.
Underperforming assets — pesticides and dimethyl ether assets — will return to cash assets of about $800 million if the pesticide assets are removed; and the US Liquefied Plant, which is under acquisition, is expected to earn around $1 billion at current prices, 2018 (iii) profitability analysis
Since the acquisition of Weiwei biochemicals, companies have injected upper- and middle-level assets, such as coal, dimethyl ether, methanol, energy engineering, santos, liquid processing plants in the United States that are about to be acquired; after the acquisition was completed, most of the assets had a steady profit and a qualitative leap in net profit levels. Performance continued to grow in 2015, with a decline in the number of santos acquired in 2016.
The value resulted in a loss of accounting profits, but with the internal restructuring of santos, the debt level was significantly reduced, resulting in a decrease in the profit/loss balance of free cash gold flows from $42/bpb in the first half of 2016 to $32/bpb, a decrease of 23.8 per cent, and a gradual increase in profit figure 8: Māori status of santos (in United States dollars)
Figure 9: Māori ratio of santos. In 2018, santos rose by 51 per cent to $2.16 billion in the annual ebitdax (prior-discounted profit) year; free cash flows rose by 63 per cent to $1.006 billion. Production increased by 31 per cent after the purchase of 100 per cent of quadrant energy.
And, in mid-2018, it began to split, with dividends of 3.5 cents per dividend and 9.7 cents a year. This marks the early completion of santos’ debt reduction targets, with low-cost, high cash flow operations that support further growth, as well as the distribution of dividends to shareholders.
In January 2019, the company announced a change in scope to make a clear transition to the natural gas industry chain. And, in 2018, it stripped the port of dimethyl ether assets and was in the process of disposing of pesticide assets, expected to return $800 million in cash assets.
At current prices, full capacity will contribute about $400 million. The 600,000-ton methanol project is also taking over the market at a low-cost advantage and is expected to cost no more than $1,500/t (industry output is around $2,000/t), with downstream customers using methanol for a stable market.
The acquisition of Toshiba's liquid processing plant in the United States, with an annual processing capacity of 2.2 million tons, is expected to generate about $1 billion a year at the current price level, with a net interest rate of 10 per cent corresponding to a net profit of $100 million, i.e. $600-70 million (i) natural gas: identified as the main energy source and in a fast-growing period.
According to ExxonMobil, global demand for natural gas has been growing at an average annual rate of 2% by 2030, while oil and coal have increased at only 0.7%. The International Energy Agency has projected a total of 5.1 trillion cubic metres of global demand for natural gas in the medium to long term in 2035, accounting for the global total.
Twenty-five% of the world’s primary energy demand will exceed that of oil and coal, and natural gas will be identified as the main source of energy. However, there is a shortage of domestic natural gas; and, in the last five years, the consumption season has been concentrated in one quarter and four quarters, mainly in the heating effect of demand.
Figure 11: Monthly consumption of domestic natural gas, 2013-2018
Imports continued to grow at a high rate. By November 2018, the country had imported 475.2 million tons, an increase of 43.6 per cent compared to the previous year; and gas consumption, an increase of 17.91 per cent compared to 25.36 billion. China has now become the world’s largest natural gas importer.
According to the Opinions on Accelerating the Use of Natural Gas, issued by the Commission, the share of natural gas in one energy consumption structure in the country is set at 10 per cent by 2020, and 15 per cent by 2030. In 2018, it is projected that 27.6 billion people, or less, will need to be connected to the network and receiving stations in order to achieve this goal.
By the end of 2017, China’s gas pipeline was 74,000 kilometres, and the main pipeline network had a total capacity of 31 billion miles/year, meeting the demand for gas transport. According to the Institute of Forward Industries, by 2020, the length of the long gas pipeline in the country would be between 100,000 and 120,000 kilometres, the capacity of the gas pipeline would be between 3700 and 4000 billion, and the local network would be covered.
In 2018, imports of lang amounted to 53,776,000 tons, representing an increase of 41.2 per cent.
Consumption is expected to increase by 16.6 per cent to an annual rate of 29.6 billion, of which about 91.1 billion are for industrial fuel, with consumption increasing faster in the central and eastern regions and slower in the west. In 2018, gas consumption in Hebei, Jiangsu and Guangdong provinces increased in step by more than 3 billion a year. The subregion saw 59 billion, far more than in other regions, with an increase of 22.9 per cent.
In the gas structure, urban combustion accounts for 36 per cent, industrial fuel 33.8 per cent, electricity generation 21.9 per cent, and chemical gas 8.3 per cent. Industrial fuels will continue to grow at a high rate and are expected to outpace urban combustion, with at least 2+26 cities adding 23 billion square metres of gas.
In keeping with the principle of “centre of attention and liberalization”, the Government has introduced a number of policies to speed up the process of marketing gas prices, to strengthen the regulation of pipeline transport and gas prices in the provinces, and to lower the cost of gas distribution in the cities of Guangdong, Guangxi, Ningxia, Shanxi, etc.
Non-resident gas terminal prices are aligned, with a mechanism for upstream and downstream gas price linkage allowing residents to float up to 20 per cent of the gas terminal price after a year, with multiple adjustments to the terminal price and implementation of up-and-down price linkage mechanisms. Average gas import prices increased significantly, January-November 2018.
In the same year, the Shanghai Oil and Gas Exchange Centre conducted lang reception window trading, which helped to reform our gas market. As of the end of December 2018, the pipeline was unilaterally traded.
Twenty-four billion parties, with an average price of $206; ng with a turnover of 2.28 million, with an average price of $4752 per ton. The Chongqing Oil and Gas Exchange Centre began official transactions in May and, as of the end of December, the amount of unilateral pipeline gas transactions stood at 6.3 billion, with an average value of $2.12 per ton: ng with a turnover of 38,000 tons and an average price of $3797 per ton.
The company’s natural gas assets consist of two wholly-owned subsidiaries: 100,000 tons of lng, and 200,000 tons of light hydrocarbons by-products of 200 million natural, all-manufacturing capacity, and 10.07 per cent of the shares of Australia’s second largest oil and gas company, santos. In 2017, lang’s revenue grew by more than 30 per cent, resulting from a sharp increase in the price of lang’s sales, which is higher than the raw gas.
The industry is expected to remain more profitable in view of the rapid growth of natural gas in the country in the coming years, as well as the insufficient supply. If Toshiba’s Liquefied Processing Plant in the United States successfully completes its M&A, it is expected to earn $1 billion, corresponding to the current 6.8 exchange rate, in accordance with a mutually agreed formula, against the RMB 6.8 billion;
Energy engineering operations are part of the upstream sectors of the energy sector and cover design, technical advice and engineering operations in such sectors as electricity, coal, petrochemicals, new energy sources, basic engineering, etc. The energy engineering sector has become a mature industry in recent years.
In our country, investment in coal fixed assets is constrained by the excess coal industry, but the rehabilitation of coal mines, the clean use of coal and the rapid expansion of clean energy sources are conducive to the development of energy projects, which, according to the National Energy Development Strategy Action Plan, will account for more than 10 per cent of primary energy consumption in 2020.
Domestic gas consumption will continue to grow at a rapid rate during the 35-year period. The Gas Infrastructure Development and Operations Management Scheme encourages capital types to participate in the construction of gas infrastructure, and future natural gas infrastructure (column pipelines, urban pipelines, gas storage peaks, lang gas for ships, etc.) will continue to grow at a rapid rate, with a projected market for engineering services of $450 billion, natural gas, etc.
Engineering operations are still growing, environmental issues in the coal industry have been a major focus of our environmental work, and the coal industry needs to work with the energy industry on new technologies, new processes and new installations in the areas of cleaner production, energy-efficient consumption, and safe environment, such as treatment of waste (gas, waste water, sludge)
At present, our coal-fired industry produces more than 80 billion tons of excess fire gas each year, which can produce more than 300 tons of natural gas through such technologies as gas methaneification. With the encouragement of coal clean-up and deep-tech policies, the prospect of coal-fired gas use is good, with an estimated investment of about $60 billion in engineering over the next five years.
With the transformation of the energy consumption strategy, natural gas will be the main source of energy, and the construction of the natural gas-backed management network will be the priority. We plan to build hundreds of billions of cross-provincial management networks by 2020, leading to a massive network of feeder tubes.
Renovation. At the same time, the market space is larger in the direction of the expansion of the lng receiving station, the construction of emergency gas storage facilities, and the use of the lng loading station for ships. Newland Energy Engineering and Technology Ltd. (Newland Works) was established in 1999 to focus on technology development, engineering and engineering in the areas of municipal engineering, petrochemicals, coalworking, etc.
Designing, equipping and integrating, engineering and managing integrated services is a high-technology enterprise in the field of energy clean-up and integrated use. The company has specialized scientific institutions, national patents and autonomous intellectual property rights in coal-based catalytic, gasification, methane, gas purification, liquefaction and system energy efficiency.
Industry level A, chemical and petrochemical medicine sector, design level A, construction of municipal public works, and construction of petroleum engineering works, etc. Qualified qualifications are available in more than 100 cities in 25 provinces, with a wealth of performance and experience, and with the 10th Chinese Civil Engineering Award for Japan.
Figure 22: New Land Engineering Qualifications Company has a number of qualifications and professional certification of the State in the areas of municipal public utility, consulting, design and engineering, etc., petrochemical medicine.
>Municipal public works (gas, heat) advisory > Municipal industries (city gas works, heat > asme certification)
(Engineering) Design Level A Qualifications > Chemical Industry Advisory Qualifications > Chemical Medicines Qualifications > Chemical Industry Qualifications & Qualifications & Qualifications
>Chemical Engineering General Contracting Level I > Pressure Plumbing Device Level a > Petroleum Gas, Medical Advisory Level C
> qualification of oil and gas (marine oil) industry for manufacturing of pressure containers (a1, a2)
Professional Design Class A > Electricity Industry (New Energy Power Generation)
>Designation of pressure pipelines (ga, gb, gc, pressure pipelines (ga1, gb1, gb2, gd)
Gc1) class has performed very well in the past, for example, under the lng receiving station project (10 million tonnes/year) and the China-South oil lng reserve project (approximately 132 million tonnes/year).
On August 7, 2018, Qatar launched a Panamanian transporter with 145,000 cubic metres of liquefied natural gas, one of the most American ships known as the “stenabluesky” , to the port of Pork Hill. The project was completed in 2022.
Other examples include energy-saving abatement and environmental conservation projects, distributed energy, biomass energy, field engineering, boiler gas liquefied natural gas, long pipelines, gasification coal projects, and international projects. Most of the company’s current orders are group-related, last year.
Internal restructuring, from Sun to subsidiaries, independent accounting, and increased capacity for external billing. We expect a steady growth in corporate income over the next three years, with a Māori rate around 25 per cent.
(iii) Coal: nearing the end of capacity and maintaining a low price volatility at high prices The coal industry is in a decapitated energy cycle between 2015 and 2018, with an increase in primary coal production by period and corresponding monthly production in downstream industries
At the same time, the energy structure of coal production was optimized through a policy of “capacitation replacement.” In January-November 2018, the country accumulated 3.2 billion tons of domestic consumption, converted into 3.49 billion tons annually, with 100 million tons of capacity at 286 per cent; and the growth rate of 5.2 per cent was lower than the increase in electricity generation from fire. In 2018, world economic growth slowed, trade broke out, and the dollar became stronger.
External pressure, China’s economic growth rate has slowed, structural problems have increased, financial risks have increased, and the coal industry has continued to function smoothly and not easily. Figure 25: Coal production and the rate of increase in the country’s coal production
This suggests that a timely adjustment of domestic coal sector policies provides a stable macro-environment for the smooth functioning of the coal industry. And it is a further boost to supply-side reforms. Since the supply-side reforms, the accumulated excess capacity of nearly 700 million tons has been eliminated, and the accumulated excess capacity has been largely addressed.
At the end of the demand side, there was an increase in the average rate of electricity consumption across society in 2018. The steel industry was well developed, especially along the way, and the policy stimulated the effective demand for steel production, with the cement industry, under environmentally friendly conditions, limiting production, concentrating production, optimizing production and adding.
The company sells coal at a good price, with a full cost of no more than 110 yuan per tonne, a storage capacity of 59,000 tons and a capacity of 6.8 million tons, and the coal asset is equivalent to about 4 yuan per share if calculated at a discount rate of 8%, an average price of 200 yuan per tonne.
The average value of the coal industry is now 8.4 times higher, corresponding to 4.1 billion municipalities. Figure 28: Discounted present value (coal tax price: yuan/tons) in the non-compassionate scenario. Figure 29: Coal equity elasticity.
Figure 31 Valuation level of the coal industry Figure 32 Business income from coal operations and changes in their growth rates Figure 33 Māori rate changes from coal operations
(iv) Coal-chemicals have matured and will be exported primarily in the future Coal-chemicals have matured, differentiated coal species from different regions of the country and developed gas-based technologies adapted to different types of coal. The company ' s 200,000-ton coal-based light hydrocarbons project uses hydrogenification and catalytic gasification for coal gasification. Coal-chemicals are no longer expanding.
Zhang, the main way to export coal-chemical technologies, 1 methanol: good marketing of benefits mto supply analysis of methanol industry
Figure 37: Rewinding of inland stocks of methanol 2015-2018, Methanol start-up rates are up from year to year, exceeding 70%. At the end of 2018, supply increased with the increase in start-up rates and in stocks; started in mid-October, as the price of methanol was higher, the price of oil fell back to the price of acrylic hydrocarbons during the same period
G., thereby curbing mto ' s profit margin, causing a decline in mto ' s start-up rate and a decline in methanol demand, triggering a fall in methanol prices. From a supply point of view, the net additional capacity in 2018 was about 2.1 million tons, an increase of 4.7 per cent compared with the production of methanol in 2017, 44.45 million tons; the net additional capacity in 2019 was 3.05 million tons, but the contribution of the new capacity is expected to occur in 2020 as a result of the year-end start-up.
Domestic constraints on new production capacity, and future increases should focus more on overseas. In 2018, the United States and Iran had two devices, Methanol Industry Needs Analysis, figure 42: Methanol surface consumption and comparative data (as of November 2018)
In 2018, the traditional downstream formaldehyde was subject to a decline in real estate sales, with a low climate. The main demand for dimethylether was to adulterate liquefied gas, and the industry continued to be depressed due to lack of policy guidance from the industry and its toxicity and environmental stress. The acetic acid benefited from pta and polyester, but it did well over time, but to some extent overflowed.
Upgraded, mtbe demand was contained, followed by a sharp fall in crude oil prices at the end of the year, and some of the mtbe was replaced by other oils.
Methanol is mainly downstream of emerging demand, such as methanol, methanol fuel and methanol hydrogen, especially mtomol, which accounts for close to 50% of total demand. Mto's profitability determines industry start-up rates, while the price of HFOs is much more affected by international oil prices, except that it is better supplied and needed than crude oil, so that methanol still has some scope for survival, considering the persistence of production cuts in oec.
The annual increase in crude oil demand is 1.29 million barrels per day, and the forecast is 1.4 million barrels per day: at the same time, it is expected that if Oec were strictly to implement the cut-off agreement, there would be an oversupply of supply or an increase in international oil prices in 2019. If crude oil prices rise, they will drive up most of the chemical products, and the price of carycol will rise, and the price of methanol will double.
The price of methanol supports the price of methanol. The current price of coal corresponds to a industry-wide cost of around $2,000 per ton, and we measure the company's methanol.
The full cost does not exceed 1,500 yuan per ton, which has a clear cost advantage. At the same time, the company sells methanol at a slightly lower price than the market price and digests production capacity. According to the data disclosed in the financial statements, production was two times higher. q3 in 2018, yielding 25,480,000 tons, or 250,73 million tons; if the average market price is 2300 yuan per ton, the profit from methanol is around 400-500 million yuan per price.
Fluctuating $100/share, corresponding net profit change of $100 million, plus $0.08/share. Stabilizing light hydrocarbons (commonly known as light oil, condensed oil) is a petrochemical product included in the national product list, with a quality standard of gb9053-2013, a liquid hydrocarbon-type product whose main ingredient is penane and heavier hydrocarbons, with a boiling point of no more than 190°C, which is specified.
Stable light hydrocarbons are used mainly for petrochemical feedstocks and gasoline oils, divided into 1# and 2# by vapour pressure range, of which 1# is used for petrochemical raw materials and 2# is used for gasoline and raw materials. The company ' s products are used mainly for additives and solvents for high-clean oils.
The production process is the use of high-activity catalysts to dehydrate methanol and aggregate reaction to generate light hydrocarbon components. Use the fixed-bed reactor for methanol light hydrocarbons developed by Kuala Lumpur Engineering, China. The process is operating successfully in Mongolia with 100,000 tons/methanol stabilization light hydrocarbon devices. The project uses the existing energy source of electricity, water supply, transportation, etc., which produces 600,000 tons of methanol annually, to make it available locally.
Coal is a feedstock that produces 200,000 tons of stable light hydrocarbons per year, 200 million cubic metres of lng by-products and 44,000 tons of liquefied petroleum gas. Methanol produces stable light hydrocarbons that are good quality, high stability, high standards of gasoline, good evaporation and corrosion resistance, better than national gasoline standards, and even above European standards.
On January 16, 2019, the domestic wholesale price of gasoline was $7140 per ton; the company’s metrol was stable to tons of stable light hydrocarbons, and the corresponding cost of methanol was close to $3750 per ton. From this point of view, it should be good to stabilize the profits of light hydrocarbons.
In January-November 2018, domestic gasoline consumption rose by 3.96% to 117 million tons. The domestic market for finished oil consumption is a trillion-grade market, making it less difficult to absorb 200,000 tons of light hydrocarbons.
Thus, the sale of 200,000 tons of light hydrocarbons should be no problem. Figure 48: Inner Mongolia ' s gasoline production drops. Figure 49: Inner Mongolia ' s gasoline consumption.
On 9 July 2015, the new energy source became available on the register of the project for the stabilization of 200,000 tons of light hydrocarbons produced annually by the New Energy Energy Company Ltd. on 30 July 2015, the project's main device, methanol products, was successfully produced. The device is currently operating at a stable capacity and is already operating at full capacity. These methanol will be used as a raw material for 200,000 tons of light hydrocarbons.
The announcement of 13 December 2018 stated that stabilization light hydrocarbons had completed the single-mode test, combined test vehicles and were eligible for input, that there was a risk of safe production such as freezing and blockage in winter test vehicles, and that, for economic reasons, the company planned to implement a safe acceptance and delivery test vehicle for stabilization light hydrocarbon devices during the parking inspection of methanol installations in May 2019, in order to reduce the current use of methanol.
In addition to the additional costs and losses incurred as a result of the parking of the main and ng installations, the company has introduced two core gasification technology processes for catalytic gasification, hydrogenification, and the ng installation has successfully delivered a pilot and produced a qualified ng product.
Given the steady operation and process optimization, the project’s output contribution is expected to be concentrated after 2020. Given that the company’s acquisition of Toshiba’s Liquefied Processing Plant in the United States is under way and that even if the acquisition succeeds, its performance will be released to 2020, the current profitability of the U.S. Liquefied Processing Plant will be disregarded.
Prior to the price estimate, the annual income was around $1 billion, which would have contributed to a net profit of $100 million if the 10% interest rate had been applied. Assumptions: 1) the coal price has remained slightly volatile, with the company ' s average coal price of 4,000 kilocalories at $220 per ton; 2) the international oil price averaged over $60 per barrel; and 3) 200,000 tons of light hydrocarbons will be stable in the second half of 2019.
The profit of santos depends mainly on international oil prices, which are assumed to average over $60 per barrel over the next few years, with an equity equivalent of 60 million barrels/year and 76 million barrels per year in 2019. The performance of santos in 2018 was $630 million, corresponding to $4.234 billion at the exchange rate of 672 million, with an equity return of $426 million and an average of $75 million in oil prices.
If the average price was $60 in 2019, the net profit on the santtos base would be more than $336 million, and the return on its investment is expected to be RMB 200-300 million. We have selected medium-sized energy, large-scale energy, and renewable energy as matching firms.
The risk of a sharp drop in energy prices, such as oil, gas, coal and methanol; the risk of attaining production in construction projects and a low level of production compared to expected risks; and the risk of a significant contraction in energy engineering orders.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data