For the first time, the cloud, edge, end-of-the-board, a-chip-head company, 6882556, covered the report.
The firm has a strong background to the Chinese Institute of Statistics, relying on the main product end smart processor ip, cloud smart chip and accelerator card, edge intelligence, 52 weeks of the highest/minimum price.
Chips and accelerometers and smart computing cluster systems have achieved the full layout of the end, edge, cloud, and are among the few that have mastered the core technology of the universal smart chip and its underlying system software development and productization. In the future, with their own high R & D holdings, companies are competitive in technology and markets.
Market value in circulation (millions): The promising ai chip is the driving force behind the company's development and the performance of the company's ai chip and related product services will benefit extensively from the development of the downstream application landscape.
The market demand for end-of-pipe smart processors ip, cloud smart chips and accelerators will continue to grow along with developments in downstream consumer electronics, object networking, intelligent driving and 5g: edge smart chips and accelerators are also in a tight layout, and are expected to become an important part of the harvest in the future; in the case of smart computing cluster systems,
In the future, the company is expected to receive orders for the purchase of accelerated cards and software systems from various advanced smart computing platforms, thereby guaranteeing steady growth in its performance. The company is expected to break down as a new chip.
In the early stages of construction, the market recognition and ecological construction of Xinjiang are still in progress, but the performance of the company’s main products is not in line with, and some of the targets are even ahead of, the major competitors, arm, Yin Weida, Intel, and Heith, both domestically and internationally. The future depends on the full layout of the clouds, edges, and terminals.
With the maintenance of its own advanced software system, the company's ai eco-development will be gradually improved and expanded, and the market influence will gradually expand, thus expanding its new customers.
We take as our starting point the orders that the company has acquired and the potential orders, taking into account Māori and triple-fee upgrades, and, with national policy taking hold, the ichi market will have a dividend period, and the company's future development will be very imaginative, with an “enhanced” rating.
Innovative R & D risks are insufficient, sustained loss risks, and market competition exacerbates risks. Figure 1: A picture of typhoid martial arts 1.
1.1 The firm was established on 15 March 2016 to focus on the development and technological innovation of artificial intelligence chip products, which are widely used in consumer electronics, data centres, cloud computing, etc.
The company is the unicorn in the field of the ai chip: hundreds of millions of terminal devices have been delivered using the company ' s terminal smart processor, the cloud smart chip and acceleration card have been applied to the products of the domestic mainstream server vendor and have produced a volume of output; the release of the edge smart chip and acceleration card marks the company ' s full coverage of clouds, edges and endpoints.
From the beginning of 2008, the founders of the company began to work together on cross-cutting studies of artificial intelligence and chip design.
The original team published the results of the research and developed academic structures such as diannao and dadiannao at various top academic conferences, and in 2015 developed the first world-wide in-depth learning processor original 1.2 products: clouds, edges, end-wide layouts
In terms of revenue structure, the company’s products are gradually enriched. The company’s products are divided into four main categories: end-smart processors ip, cloud-side smart chips and accelerators, edge smart chips and accelerators, and smart computing cluster systems. The sales of end-smart processors ip were the highest in 2017-2018, and the company’s business structure changed considerably in 2019.
On the one hand, the company ' s end-of-pipe smart processor pip business has declined significantly to 15.5 per cent as the largest client of the business started self-researching chips for Heath; on the other hand, the newly expanded cloud smart chip and the accelerated card and smart computing cluster system have seen an increase in the collection ratio of both types of operations.
Business income in 2019 was 17.77% of total revenue. The edged smart chip and acceleration card are also in a positive layout, with future increases in performance as the company’s products are gradually refined and clients are imported.
High, consistently more than 99%; other products have a lower Māori rate as they relate to the manufacture and sale of products, accounting for the cluster system and the cloud smart chip and speed card operations, respectively, 58.23% and 78.23%. The company ' s main profit point is currently the smart computing cluster system, which contributed 56.98% of the company ' s gross profit in 2019, reaching 1.72%.
To help investors understand corporate products, we describe business as follows:
Smart applications associated with image video, voice, and natural language on flagship phones are supported by end-smart processors. To enhance performance and reduce power consumption while saving costs, end-smart processors usually do not exist as stand-alone chips, but as a module integrated into the end-equipment soc chip.
The former company introduced three generation end-of-life smart processors, 1a, 1h, and 1m, which can be widely applied to all kinds of intellectual ip operations using the “fixed fee plus charge” model. The terminal smart processor ip business income is divided into two parts: fixed income authorized by ip, and income from ip-containing chips sold by customers.
, in proportion to the amount or unit price. Therefore, the revenue from the business is directly linked to the sales scale of the client to the first commercial end-of-service smart processor ip product worldwide, which supports the manual typhoon 1a (2016) in the consumer electronics fields of visual, speech and natural language processing.
Smart applications; mobile chip with Xinjiang 1a has more than 4 nuclear cpu25 times and more than 50 times energy efficiency, using the cell phone chip's flagship cellular product, which can identify 2,005 images per minute
(int8) Support for artificial intelligence operations; cellular chips with Xinx1h, with 4,500 images per minute, are 1a Xinx1h (2017) 3 seed models: 1h16,
Three models: 1h16-high performance version: 1h8-medium mass version: 1h8mini-lightweight version 1h8, 1h8mini cold martial arts 1m (2018)
There are three size configurations: 1 m Xinwu Specially optimized for advanced processes such as 7nm, further improving processor performance and energy efficiency; 1 m-4am-2k
Three dimensions configuration: 1 m-4k - high performance version; 1 m-2k - medium-sized version; 1m-1k - lightweight version terminal smart processor p is expected to arrive at a new client, with a promising business future. The first customer in this business is Hua Xian, and the company ' s 1a and 1h chips are applied to the nectar chip, which is 2017 and 2018.
In 2019, with Heath choosing to start self-researching the terminal intelligence chip, company terminal smart processorip's licensed sales revenue fell to $69 million. Losing the Department's brand-based influence and rich resources, it is hoped that it will again acquire new large clients.
The future of the company’s performance is expected to be warmer and promising. The cold cloud’s smart chips are up to the industry’s standard, and the products are constantly being updated.
Cloud-side artificial intelligence processing provides a strong computing support; cloud-side smart acceleration cards are based on cloud-side intelligence chips, adding cardboard products from peripheral circuit modules, and accessing the system through an additional interface to the mainframe. The cloud-end smart chips and acceleration cards developed in the cold martial arts have reached advanced levels in terms of computing efficiency and performance power consumption ratios.
The company is now rolling out chip 100 and chip 270 and associated accelerator products in 2019. Another 290 is in the process of internal sample testing and is expected to generate a scalding income in 2021.
It is likely that the second-generation chip 270 project will have a commercial order of about $50 million; and the third-generation cloud-side intelligence chip, which is of interest to the industry, has returned 290 pieces and is expected to become a commercial customer in 2021.
The options available outside Canada are conducive to companies expanding their customers and upgrading their market position. 1.2.3 edge smart chips and speed cards are active at the edges of the layout. The edge calculation allows the storage of resources and the calculation to be deployed between the end and the cloud.
It can be handled directly and in real time at the edges, without the need to return the cloud. This will not only make up for deficiencies in the computing power of the terminal equipment, but will also prevent data from being leaked in transmission, protect privacy, and improve data processing efficiency and reduce delay and communication costs. The edge smart chip and acceleration card can be widely applied to drones, smart medicine, intelligence.
In 2019, the company introduced the margin smart chip concept of 220 and the corresponding m.2 acceleration card, making it one of the few international companies that can provide full series of smart chip and processor products for clouds, edges, terminals.
Table 3: Company edge smart chips and accelerators, edge smart chips and accelerated card operations have a promising future. In 2019, company edge smart chips and accelerated card products were awarded sales contracts with some clients for an order of approximately $6,439,500, which is expected to be real in 2020.
There are also relatively high-level orders that companies are currently negotiating and contracting, with an estimated sales value of around $10 million. As a representative Chinese manufacturer who entered the field earlier, Xinjiang is smart on the edge to calculate the market’s future applications.
1.2.4 Smart computing cluster system Smart computing cluster system is a new cloud computing infrastructure compatible with artificial intelligence applications, which, through scientific matching and management of cluster software and hardware, will produce computing capability in the form of cloud computing and thus in the area of artificial intelligence
To achieve a high operational efficiency, the company integrates the self-researched cloud chip acceleration card products into hardware facilities such as servers, storage equipment and network equipment provided by other manufacturers, and provides customized software solutions for hardware and software as a whole, based on the self-researched cambriconneware base software platform, tailored to client needs.
The Division's smart computing cluster system also has the following advantages: the basic software system platform, cambriconneware, has high performance, high flexibility and excellent scalability, which completely breaks the barriers to development between the edges of the cloud and adapts to large-scale intelligent processing tasks.
The system has the advantage of real-time monitoring of system performance, rapid failure recovery, rapid positioning system anomalies, and is more competitive in the market. Smart computing cluster system operations are bright and client-rich.
In 2019, the company’s main clients were Xian Xian Xiadong-Yian Technology Services Ltd., Shanghai Brain Science and Brain Research Centre, and the Business Bureau of the New Sector Committee of the Yokohama City of Joohai. In addition, there are a number of clients who are in the process of negotiating and signing contracts, including a variety of subjects.
Research institutions, enterprises, etc., are doing well in the future. 1.3 Clients: Smart computing cluster system customers will contribute the main income. Smart computing cluster system customers will contribute the main income.
Jianxin District Bureau of Commerce, Xi'an Xiandong's Technology Services, Ltd., and China Cochrang. The products sold to China Sunlight are the Xuan 100 smart chip and the accelerator card, and the product is eventually applied to the Quantico ' s Advanced Smart Calculating Platform (a phase), which classifies this revenue into a Quixian Quixian chart, which shows that the company earns close to $300 million in revenues on this project.
In the future, the country will continue to build a large number of such centres, compared to overseas competitors such as Weida and Intel, with companies with “home-grown, autonomous” labels and special advantages.
1.4 Finances: high growth in revenue, cash flow guarantees going on, high growth in revenue and prospects for a better future. In recent years, firms have expanded their industrialization, with a high rate of growth in total operating income, from 008 million in 2017 to 444 million in 2019, with cagr reaching 444 million.
Since its inception, companies have seen negative and volatile net returns, mainly because of the company’s role as a start-up team, the product is still in the market expansion phase, the size of the business income and the size of the enterprise’s business income are smaller, the company’s funds are heavily spent on R & D inputs, and the equity payments from equity incentives are larger.
The company's profitability will increase from year to year with the expansion of the company's operations, the growth of its revenue collection, and the company's ongoing cooperation with new clients and the volume of its products.
The company ' s Māori ratio has remained high in the industry. The company ' s terminal smart processor, i.e., p., has a high Māori rate of 99%, while the cloud smart chip and accelerator operations have a Māori rate of 78.23%. The smart computing cluster system has a Māori rate of 58.23%, and the amount of expenditure is purchased due to the need to out-purchase ancillary servers and hardware equipment for this type of operation.
The Māori rate is lower than in the other two operations, both of which are higher and cost-inclusive. In 2017-2019, the company integrated Māori ratio changed, the cloud smart chip and accelerated card and smart computing cluster system operations increased, and the Māori ratio was lower than the Māori rate in the terminal smart processor p operation, which led to a decrease in the Māori composite ratio.
In 2019, the average Māori rate was 53.49% for businesses that had already been listed on the board, and interest rates for the Cold War combined remain above average. Companies have significant liquidity and a reasonable asset structure.
Production dominated, accounting for 95.35% of total assets in 2019. The company ' s current assets are also better in monetary and other current assets, both full and liquid. In 2017-2019, the company ' s closing balance as a proportion of business income for each period showed a downward trend, while clients of the company ' s principal receivables owed were well-recognised and well-funded and therefore public.
The Division ' s high recoverability, lower probability of bad debts, and lower risk. Overall, the firm ' s assets are of good quality, and its business continuity is growing. Corporate liquidity was good. Corporate mobility was generally higher than speed ratios in 2017-2019, demonstrating firm stability.
In 2019, corporate assets and liabilities were 6.68% lower than those of the public sector in the same industry, mainly because the company was affected by factors such as the continued build-up of shareholders. Monetary capital and other current assets were relatively high in the asset structure, a more robust capital structure and a stronger long-term solvency.
As a new force in the current ai chip field, Xinwu’s technology is deeply embedded. The company’s experienced leadership team and a large professional research team, in the context of the Institute’s calculations, is moving steadily forward in the ai chip area, with its own advanced technology and highly developed income.
1.5.1 Central College has a strong background, core team experience, company has a middle school background, equity structure is stable, and the company’s founding team holds a significant share.
33.19% of the shares and 8.51% of the shares of the company as the executive partner of the Ai Creek partnership, together controlling 41.71% of the company’s shares. The company’s founding team has a large shareholding and a relatively simple structure that contributes to the stability of the company’s shares and contributes to the efficiency of decision-making and to the deployment and promotion of the company’s development strategy.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences, through the Chinese Bureau of Statistics, indirectly holds 18.24% of the company’s shares, is the second largest shareholder of Xinwish and a long-term partner in corporate technology development.
In addition, the company has seven holding companies and three participating companies that contribute to the upgrading of the company’s productive capacity and the expansion of markets and customers. The company has the advantage of a team of talent.
The company's top department is a highly experienced technologist. For more than 10 years, the founder of Xinwish and Dr. Ceo Chen Tianshik has been working on basic research in areas related to artificial intelligence and processor chips, leading the research and development of the world's first in-depth study, the Specialized Processor Prototype: the most important founding member, Chen Yunjing, who was the youngest member of the national production dragon core research and development team.
Sir, the director of the first international deep learning processor chip, "The Cold War": the company's chief technologist, Liang, had completed a multi-structured, complex soc chip design for the lead architect, with a cumulative mass of more than 100 million chips, an expert in chip architecture from nearly 20 years of industry.
Corporate R & D teams are well structured and experienced. Corporate core teams are highly educated and have many years of experience in the area of artificial smart chip research and development and design, which are sufficient to support the company’s technological innovation and product development.
At present, there are 680 R & D workers in the company, representing 79.25% of the total workforce, and M.A. and above have well-developed training and incentives. The company has a well-developed training and appraisal system, using both internal and external training, hiring business specialists to teach at the company, and working with the performance appraisal system to develop good talent.
In addition, in order to further retain talent, companies have developed equity incentive schemes, and corporate equity incentive platforms, including the Ai River Partnership and the Aiga Creek Partnership, facilitate and fully mobilize people. 1.5.2 Sustained emphasis on R & D has yielded significant results
Since its inception, companies have consistently focused on technology R & D, maintaining their forward-looking, leading and core technology for technology R & D 100% have passed, are at a higher level in the industry, and high R & D inputs favour competition for core technology and products of firms, Figure 13: Corporate R & D inputs and receipts ratio
Research and development has gradually landed and is expected to benefit in the future. The company’s cold martial arts 1a processor is the world’s premiere, using the end-smart processor ip product, and the think chip 100 (mlu100) is the China’s top peak cloud intelligence chip, and now the company has developed a more advanced think tank of 220, 270 and cambricon-1m.
In addition, the company has developed 290 chips for the market for artificial intelligence training, which is currently being tested in-house after the return. Using the company ' s self-researched mluv02 command set, it can efficiently support distributed, customized AI training missions. The company will put 290 chips into the commercial future after full and complete testing.
Performance is expected to continue to improve with the upgrading of corporate products. Figure 14: Corporate R & D results are gradually emerging as 1.5.3 core technology leads, forward-looking reserves of new technologies
Through years of sustained R & D and technological accumulation, the company has acquired a number of core technologies that provide cloud edge integration, hardware and software synergy, training reasoning convergence, integrated ecologically integrated series of smart chip products and platformed basic systems.
In addition, companies have excellent design capabilities at such global mainstream advanced process nodes as traditional cmos and advanced fin-fet.
The technical level of the Division has been validated by a number of well-known domestic and foreign enterprises, with its unique competitive advantages and extensive application scenarios within the industry.
The company’s products are well-known and well-known. In recent years, with its rapid growth, the company has rapidly upgraded its products, building on leading research and development capabilities, excellent product performance, reliable product quality, excellent customer service, and building up good brand names at home and abroad, increasing brand recognition and market influence.
Table 8: Important corporate honours and awards The company is currently developing new technology research and development and is enriching its technological reserves. The main core technology reserves are the fourth generation of smart processors, ipcambricon1v (R & D phase), and the new generation of high-performance web-based technologies (R & D)
Phases), ultra-sized 2.5d containment design technology (early R & D phase), high performance multi-intelligent chip acceleration floor (R & D phase), high performance reasoning optimization technology (R & D phase), intelligent computing language (early R & D phase) and 5nm advanced process physical design technology (early R & D phase).
Figure 16: Companies are stockpiling new core technologies 2. Dynamics for development: ai chip has a great potential. Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science, and by simulation and extension of human and natural intelligence functions, Teen
Expand the power boundary of the machine so that it can partially or fully realize human perception (e.g. vision, voice), cognitive power (e.g. natural language understanding), or acquire modelling and problem-solving capabilities (e.g. machine learning, etc.). The sub-hardware of artificial intelligence and core strength, i.e., a chip, has experienced multiple swings and swings, and has been upgraded since its inception.
The artificial intelligence chip is the core vehicle for carrying algorithms, generating arithmeticals, and enabling intelligence in each application area, which is enriched by the variety of levels required. As the depth of learning algorithms rapidly evolves, each application is increasingly demanding for arithmetic.
, the traditional chip structure cannot meet the need for deep learning for arithmetic, and therefore has the capacity to calculate in parallel, and the artificial intelligence chip capable of expediting the computational processing is generated and rapidly developed: applied to multiple industries, images, voice, data, etc., deployed on cloud ends, terminals or edges, common or specialized structures
Figure 18: The technology is applied to a variety of practical scenarios, mainly traditional chips and smart chips, as well as bio-brain-induced brain-sets.
Simultaneous chips. Traditional chips can cover the basic computing operations required at the bottom of artificial intelligence programs, but they cannot adapt to rapid advances in artificial intelligence technology and applications in terms of their structure, performance, etc.: smart chips are chips designed specifically for humans in the field of industrial intelligence, both generic and specialized.
Flexibility in the area of artificial intelligence; dedicated smart chips are designed to respond to specific application scenario needs. The size of the i chip market is gradually expanding. According to the forecast data for trectica, the global market for artificial intelligence chips will grow rapidly in the coming years, from $5.1 billion in 2018 to $72.6 billion in 2025.
The annual average compound growth rate will be 46.14 per cent; our market for the ai chip will also grow rapidly. According to the Institute of Pre-Observation Industries, our market for the ai chip will reach 78.5 billion in 2024 and will remain at over 40 per cent in recent years, higher than the growth rate in the global market.
Various applications of AI, from cloud to edge, or sink to terminal, cannot be supported efficiently by smart chips. The current AI applications are increasingly focused on cloud, edge, end multiple synergies. For chip manufacturers, it is difficult to meet users’ needs simply to provide an application scenario of one type.
The diversification of the commercial layout and competition will lead to rapid growth of the whole artificial intelligence chip industry in the coming years. The public has launched generic smart chips and processor products for three different product lines: the terminal smart processor ip, the cloud smart chip, and the accelerator, the edge smart chip, and the accelerator card.
2.1 End-of-pipe scenes facilitate end-of-pipe smart chip development The use of processors specially designed for artificial intelligence supports the ai application as a necessary trend for industry development.
High-demand scenarios (e.g. smart driving, etc.) are extremely sensitive to the delay of response, based on cpu as an artificial smart machine, which is far from meeting real-time requirements, and require the introduction of specialized AI processors; on mobile phones, tablets, sound boxes, ar/vr glasses, robots, etc., use of radiative, energy-sensitive consumer electronic terminal scenarios such as cpu
Supporting artificial intelligence algorithms not only fails to perform optimally, but calculating energy consumption does not meet the stringent constraints of the scenario, and there is also a need to use dedicated AI processors to improve energy consumption. Terminals have a large intellectual computing capacity requirement. These computing capacity requirements are divided into two main categories:
One is a low demand for single chip computing capacity, mainly for network devices, such as smart homes; \triangleright is a mobile computing platform characterized by the fact that its equipment is often mobile and cannot be secured
\triangleright is supported by peripheral devices. There are two main types of equipment in the future: consumer electronics, represented by mobile phones, tablets, and vehicle-borne computing platforms, represented by autopilots.
With rapid developments in applications such as object networking, consumer electronics, smart phones, and autopilots, end-of-pipe smart chips have good prospects for development: the growth of the Internet leads to an increase in the demand for smart chips.
The field will grow dramatically, and China’s Internet market is expected to grow by more than 20% over the next three years, and by 2021 it will reach $26,251.3 billion. The global Internet chip market, such as smart homes, will be worth $10,941 billion a year, with companies serving as the end-of-intelligent chip industry chain.
Consumer electronics is an important area for artificial intelligence chip applications. Smart phones, ar/vr, smart sound boxes, drones, robots, etc., are the focus of attention by manufacturers, and such hardware terminals can be compatible with artificial intelligence applications.
Together, the application of artificial intelligence chips will accelerate technological advances and product optimization in the downstream consumer electronics industry. According to Gartner, the sale of artificial intelligence chips in the consumer electronic terminal market will exceed $2.5 billion in 2020.
Smart phones increase the demand for end-of-pipe smart chips. Smart phones, after years of hardware upgrading, are artificially intelligent, and applications can run on traditional cellular processor chips, but they do not perform well enough in terms of fluidity and energy consumption, and the introduction of artificial smart processors increases the ability to calculate cellular chips.
It's becoming mainstream. The major leading smart terminal branders have successively launched new smartphone products, which enhance the user's experience in using artificial intelligence applications, and promote the spread and spread of cellular chips for integrated intelligence services.
The output ratio will rise from less than 10% in 2017 to 80% in 2022, with over 1.3 billion annual sales, leading to high-speed growth of terminal artificial intelligence chips. Smart driving brings new amounts. Smart driving is a combination of navigation, environmental perception, control and decision-making, and interaction.
An integrated, integrated automobile intelligence system is also one of the key applications of artificial intelligence. According to market research, the global market for intelligent driving was estimated at $40.0 billion in 2016, and is expected to grow to $7.03 billion by 2021, with a complex growth rate of 11.94%.
At the core of this is the chip, the process of new energyization and interconnection of cars will certainly require bottom hardware to support high-speed operations while maintaining low power consumption and logical control, and future artificial intelligence chips will have a vast semiconductor ip market space in the vehicle-borne area. According to ibs, the global semiconductor ip market will reach its market size by 2020.
$5.4 billion, or $7.6 billion in 2025, and the future market space is huge, and the performance of company semiconductor ip will have greater potential for growth and space. 2.2 Clouds, side-led ai chip demand
The need for big data to be calculated and processed contributes to the growth of cloud industries. Large volumes, matrices, is a prominent demand for artificial intelligence at the computing level, and the extensive application of high parallel deep learning algorithms in the direction of visual, speech and natural languages has led to exponential growth in the demand for computing capacity.
Tens of thousands of load tasks have grown to nearly 5.7 million in 2021. As cloud computing continues, the construction of cloud data centres and super-data centres has accelerated globally, and Cisco projects that by 2021 there will be 628, or 53 per cent, of the total data centres with greater computing capacity.
Cloud computing, big data, 5g, iot, and other emerging technologies drive the growing demand for cloud-side smart chips. Cloud computing and the delay in losing and processing, lot provides more data-collection ports and greatly increases the amount of data. Artificial intelligence. Key technologies are expected to leapfrog in the future in the context of the growing maturity of emerging technologies such as 5g, iot, cloud computing and big data.
The cloud market is growing rapidly, increasing the demand for corporate cloud smart chips and creating long-term business opportunities. According to the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the global market for public clouds was US$ 139.2 billion in 2018, and is projected to be global by 2021.
The size of the public cloud market will be $246.1 billion, with a compound growth rate of 20.96 per cent. For the future of the global public cloud market, there will be great prospects for development, cloud computing and artificial intelligence algorithms will be closely linked, and the proportion of cloud computing hardware that will carry smart chips will increase significantly, and the demand for cloud smart chips will continue to grow, providing a long-term driver for corporate performance.
At present, some users have a high demand for data security and system timeliness, while clouds are unable to satisfy their lateness and security.
The technology is to deploy gateways, servers, etc. in peripheral rooms close to the access side, to process data in real time and to make decisions about and control production lines, without the need to transmit data out of the plant. Edge computing can reduce the delay in moving operations, reduce the broadband pressure on the transmission network and thus bring about better user experience, which is a solution.
In the 5g era, the wireless network was characterized by high bandwidth, low delay, and support for large-scale equipment access, and large-scale data flows increased the pressure on transmission and cloud ends, leading to marginal networks.
The nodes require the ability to pre-process data and fast output results, and data processing will enter a new era of distributed calculations. At the same time, with the 5g era and the development of artificial intelligence, more and more data processing needs have to be done on the edges, and these scenes often need to be very real-time, time-sensitive and data privacy-sensitive.
Downstream applications are extensive, and the size of the need for the edge smart chip will expand considerably. Compared to cloud smart chips, the edge smart chip is used in a richer way and can be applied to autopilot, virtual reality, intelligent home, and the City of Wisdom.
In the future, with the development of 5g and artificial intelligence technology, downstream applications will become widely available and enriched and will significantly increase the demand for margin computing and peripheral chips. Under the overall edge computing market, peripheral smart chips are gradually gaining the attention of domestic and international chip manufacturers. According to the forecast by the berrearch, the marginal smart chip market will be larger.
The $2.6 billion in 2019 grew to $7.6 billion in 2024. As markets expanded and demand grew, companies, as important producers of our peripheral chips, were expected to reap the benefits of the industry.
With the rapid development of artificial intelligence technology, new cloud computing infrastructure is needed to match artificial intelligence applications. During the reporting period, companies focused on their own thought pieces, 270 and 100 chip acceleration card products, based on the cambriconneuware base software platform, to provide clients with smart computing cluster system design,
The wisdom of the Department of Commerce, the Xi'an Xindong-Hygien Technology Services Ltd. and the Shanghai Centre for Brain Science and Brain Research was to establish a large, autonomously controlled smart computing centre based on a dedicated chip in the company's national network of neurons, which will be used as a tool for the development of a computer.
In the Yokohama Advanced Intelligent Computation Platform (phase I) project, the company sold the gold at $63.4483 million to the project ' s total integration.
2.3.1 The Yokohama project is expected to be highly popular, helping tycoon to become famous, and the tycoon advanced smart computing platform is expected to be the leading research and development centre in the country, helping typhoon to create a good reputation in the relevant market.
At present, there are six national super-centres in Tianjin, Jinan, Changsa, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, and Tin-free, which are planned to be built by 2020, in accordance with the plan for their construction. We believe that the establishment of the high-intelligent computing platform for the Yokohama will be accompanied by a certain degree of market competitiveness.
The top research and development centres in the country are expected to be: the Advanced Smart Computing Centre of the Yokohama can supplement the supply of market-based smart computing. The six major computing centres focus on biopharmaceuticals, weather disasters, environmental energy, geo-oceanics, and industrial manufacturing.
The project is a multi-driven project with policy support. The project is a collaborative project between Guangdong Province and the Central Court of Science and Technology to promote the International Centre for Science, Technology and Innovation in Hong Kong, Australia, and is included in the 2019 report of the Guangdong provincial government on its work.
As an important background to the project, the Chinese Academy of Science will ensure that the project is carried out smoothly and that the national super-counted Shenzhen Centre is also a background for the Chinese Academy of Science; and the Guangdong Xianjin Institute of Science and Technology.
In 2019, the company was awarded the first high-level innovation institute in Guangdong Province. The high-intelligence computing center is more systematic.
The success of the project could be a good demonstration for the company. The high-intelligent computing platform of the Yokohama is beginning to work.
Now, as of May 18, 2020, more than 30 users of the ART platform have also attracted a number of artificial intelligence companies. The project will provide a good reputation for Xinwu’s work, which will benefit the company, according to the Ministry of Science and Technology’s September 2019 report, on the construction of a pilot area for the development of the new generation of artificial intelligence innovations in the country.
By 2023, the site will be equipped with 20 or so test areas. The pilot area will focus on artificial intelligence and develop cities with a better base, and has been approved in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Fatty and others.
In the future, as the city’s policies support and the development of the ai industry continues to expand, more and more cities will have pilot areas for the development of artificial intelligence innovation.
With the harp as the key to opening the market, many orders are expected in the future. As mentioned earlier, the company's involvement in the Yokohama Advanced Smart Computing Platform has multiple advantages and is expected to be favoured by governments and businesses, thereby effectively enhancing its reputation and market competitiveness. In the future, the company uses the background of the Chinese Academy of Statistics, its own leading skills.
The smart computing cluster system will continue to be the backbone of corporate development. Smart computing cluster operations will be an important part of the Division’s current performance, and in the future, depending on its own background and technical advantages, the products and services will be the backbone of the Division’s work.
Strong market competitiveness. With firms opening up markets and opening up customers, firms are expected to continue to receive larger orders, thus increasing the demand for corporate chip accelerators and corresponding software services, and thus creating the basis for companies to build up a complete ai chip ecology.
Competition: While the industry has gained more than a decade of technological build-up in the Cold War, it is still a newcomer than its competitors. In the face of rapidly expanding markets, whether firms can seize the opportunity to grow rapidly is a matter of greater interest to investors.
The Division's products compare with the main competitors and analyse their merits, and we believe that tyrannical products and corporate performances such as British Weida and Huaiang have advantages and disadvantages in overall competition. If companies can overcome ecological disadvantages that are less than competitors, they are expected to break down in the strong Lin market and embrace the fast-growing market for artificial intelligence chips.
3.1 Competing analysis: The product performance is not top-down, with some indicators leading by the intellectual processor of 3.1.1 and currently the firm's intellectual processor, the competitor of the firm's intellectual processor, is Arm, as can be seen from the following table:
(b) \triangleright computing capability: terminal processor ip products can provide the maximum computing capacity of single-nucle 8tops (int8),
A similar product above arm; in support of reasoning and training, typhoon 1m can support both reasoning and training functions, while arm and \triangleright
\triangleright \triangleright
As a result of this analysis, the company’s products are above their arm in most areas and above their arm.
So we believe that in the field of smart processor ip, the products of cold martial arts are superior to those of competitors. 3.1.2 Cloud-side smart chips and accelerometers are currently leading companies in the field of cloud-side smart chips, such as Hirsch and Intel.
In contrast to the following table, we can see that the latest cloud chip products of Xinjiang, Yin Wei Da and Weihua have been introduced in the process.
The process, Intel, is relatively backward; in terms of performance power consumption, the products are closer: in terms of peak computing capacity, the teslaa 100 of Wetland and the ascend 910 of Heath are ahead of the public.
The Division has published products. The value of the $290 product has not yet been published, but the price of the $270 (about $5,000) is well below a100 (about $10,000), so the value of the company’s product remains intact.
At the market level, the Gpu of Intel, Hua, and Wuyuki are in absolute leadership, and, as noted above, the company's smart chip and accelerated card operations, while at the market opening stage, are close to the top of the list of performance indicators, not less priced than the other, as the company develops, the market expands, and the product is expected to rise.
3.1.3 Edge smart chips and accelerometers, similar to cloud-side smart chips, are the main manufacturers of edge chips, such as Cold Wary, Weida and Haeth, and Jane, from the point of view of the process, uses the 16nm/12nm process in all three companies;
From the point of view of performance power consumption, the marginal chip product of Wall and Cold War is slightly higher than that of British Wedda: from a market perspective, the marginal computing product of British Wedge is a global leader, Heath has acquired a certain customer base, and the company's edge chip 220 has been released for a shorter period of time and is still in the open market.
As a result, companies, as newcomers, still need to improve their market perceptions, but the performance of their products is no less than that of their counterparts and even ahead of their current products, so that, with the expansion and visibility of their client base, peripheral smart chips are expected to become an important contribution to corporate performance in the future.
3.1.4 Smart computing cluster systems, in addition to cold martial arts, currently mature smart computing cluster systems include the Intelcpu-based General Accounting Cluster, the Intelcpu-based Smart Calculating Cluster and the Hencesascend series of smart chips.
Smart computing clusters. A comparison shows that the smart computing clusters of typhoid martial arts, Huaiyo, and British Weida are relatively close to the indicators of scalability, performance, energy consumption, delay, vomiting, etc., and are superior to the general computing clusters based on Intelcpu.
In terms of ecological construction and communication technology, there are significant advantages to the ecosystems built by Cuda, which have accumulated in the communications sector, and in the field of Cold War, which has been relatively disadvantaged. We can see from a trade comparison of the four types of products mentioned above; although the market recognition of Cuda and the ecological environment are the same.
Construction is still in its early stages, but the performance of its products is not weaker than that of competitors, even though some performance indicators exceed each other. As the company’s future ecosystem improves and market influence expands, the company’s future performance will be most imaginative.
3.2 Ecoanalysis: Breaking down clouds, edges, end-development barriers, enabling multiple scenario applications. Excellent artificial intelligence chip products need to be supported by sound software ecology. Artificial intelligence chips only achieve the bottom hardware of artificial intelligence applications. Software development needs to be based on the ultimate application.
Development involves the corresponding development environment, which investors can interpret as applying developers' code writing, running code, as is the case with the cuda in Weida, whose gpu chip product has taken advantage of the smart computing market and has benefited from its cuda software platform and associated eco-improvement.
In the process, there are a large number of technicians in the market who are familiar with and master the development environment of cuda. In addition, there are perfect sdk (like a tool kit, where developers can call their functions directly), so even if they have a chip with a slightly lower performance than their competitors, developers will choose the product of Cuda because of lower learning thresholds, which is also English.
The company has developed its own basic system software platform.
Cembriconneware, which is the first step in building a cold-school ecology. Although there is still a gap between ecological excellence and British Weida, a thousand miles of journeys have begun, with the growing sale of company products, the number of users will grow, increasing the influence of the company’s products in the community of developers on the one hand, and the company on the other.
The company’s basic system software platform involves clouds, edges, ends, smart chip and terminal processor products using the same development environment that completely breaks clouds, edges, and terminals.
The development barriers, without cumbersome transplants, allow the same AI applications to operate quickly and efficiently over all products at the edge of the company’s cloud. The built-up smart chip and processor products at the edge of the cloud, as well as a fully integrated base, the system software platform can significantly accelerate the deployment of AI applications in various scenarios and accelerate the expansion of the company’s ecology.
The clients of the handler, i.e., Chinese, Beijing, Boa Hongto, Hangzhou, Xiaomeng, technology, and displays can be quantified as $6.72 million in Beijing alone: $63.65 million in 2019 was sold to China for Haeth, and 980 centipede 970 were used as a chip for company products.
They're old, no new products, and we expect to sell to China in 2020 to be about 5 per cent in 2019, about $3.5 million; in addition to that, we assume that we're going to have Boya, Xiaomengleright, Hangzhou.
Ten thousand dollars, combined with the company ' s current potential orders, are now more reliable, and we anticipate that the \triangleright smart computing cluster system currently has 186 million on hand orders and 700 million on potentially more definitive orders.
\triangleright Reference to the life cycle of the Yokohama project, if all potential orders can be signed, it is expected that all orders will be confirmed in 2020 for basic system software operations, and that companies will match smart chips and accelerated card product lines to customers in 2020
\triangleright expects to sell $18 million in 2020. Since software is usually combined with smart chips and speedcards, general software purchases will be less than hardware purchases, so we assume that the speed of growth is intelligent.
The Māori rate of each business, we assume, remains the same in the future. For example, in the case of smart processor Pip, the Māori rate has been maintained at more than 99%, has been systematized into sales and R & D, and is associated with the fact that the Māori rate is included in R & D costs and is expected to be maintained in the future; in the case of basic system software operations and smart processing
The MUP business is similar, and the small scale of the change in Māori rate has little impact on the performance of the company due to the low income of the business, so we refer the business directly to the smart processor Šip business; the smart chip and accelerator card; and the Māori rate of the smart computing cluster operations are affected by future competition and scale production and compete in the future.
In the case of drama, there is a risk of affecting the price of the company’s product sales, but as the company’s business is released, the sale is expected to reduce the company’s costs, and, in combination, we assume that the future Māori rate will remain unchanged. R&D costs and management costs are important factors affecting the company’s net profits, and the amount of the company’s management costs over the last three years.
Larger, it has a greater impact on net corporate profits, but according to the company announcement, the equity incentive scheme is now complete, so we assume that management costs in the future do not include equity incentives. To reasonably measure the company’s future costs, we divide the cost budget of the company’s project into sales costs, management costs, and research and development costs, and according to the project.
Taking into account the company’s indication that it will continue to invest more in research and development projects in the future, in addition to raising investment funds, we assume that the actual cost incurred is 1.5 times the cost of raising investment funds, which is estimated as follows:
Under control, the i-chip market will have a dividend period, and the company’s future development will be highly imaginative and rated as “enhanced.” There is a risk that innovation research and development will be inadequate: product upgrading and continuous innovation capacity are the most important components of the core competitiveness of the chip-design enterprise, if the company fails to properly judge the direction of R & D or the subsequent R & D process.
The failure to target, among other things, may result in firms not being able to provide sustainable products adapted to market demand and falling competitiveness. The risk of continued losses is that companies are still in the market opening phase and that the current share payments due to equity incentives are larger, research and development inputs are larger, and unprofitable post-market situations are likely to persist.
Market competition increases the risk: the artificial intelligence chip industry is increasingly competitive, and as a start-up company, there is still a large gap between the world’s well-known firms. If firms fail to properly capture market dynamics and industry trends, and to upgrade core technologies in a timely manner, depending on industry characteristics and customer needs, there is competition.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, presents the report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude. I am committed to reporting using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.