The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) Quint Wuqian (688256.sh) buys (first rating) one-stop aluminous taps from the end chip to the cloud system.
Gpu, fpga+cpu still dominates deep learning training and reasoning at cloud ends Market, but generic/speciali chips will penetrate some of the traditional ai chips in clouds, edges, end markets due to performance, cost and energy-consumption advantages. We estimate the global market for a cloud end semiconductor in 2019-2024.
The complex growth rate should be 36 per cent, and the marginal operating and terminal chip markets should grow by 55 per cent over the same period, far beyond the cloud, edge, end, core competitiveness of the one-stop program: the core technology of Cold War is the simultaneous availability of the bottom chip design, the command set and drive, the basic system software, and the accelerator card, and the use of phase
The same self-research set of instructions allows developers to cross the entire cloud, edge, end ecological system platform with all kinds of algorithms. The cold martiali chip comparison gpu is efficient, low-cost, low-energy core competitiveness: 1. The advantages of low-precision point calculations; 2.al reasoning; 3. The advantages of algorithm evolution that can be modified by hardware and software
4. The unit core, which is small in size, has more than two times its efficiency, with a 50% low-energy advantage. Opportunities to overturn: On May 15, 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced that Heath was restricted from producing semiconductors using U.S. semiconductor eda and equipment technology.
Al’s difficulty in obtaining a licence gives Xinwish an excellent opportunity to bend over. With the arrival of new products from the Mouri cloud and the peripheral terminal of the ai chip, Xinwu’s harvest will grow by more than 50% over the next five years, with a “buy-in” rating given in 2023.
Billions of dollars to supplement cash flow and use in cloud-end training and reasoning, edge-ai chips and system software.
Endai processorip operations reduce risks, smart computing of cluster system ventures, competing risks, cash flow shortages, and entry risks to the entity list. Cloud and edge operation of the ai chip and acceleration cards are two major growth dynamics: we estimate the future
The main clients are the China Science and Light of the related parties, and the non-associated Jiangsu Heung Ri-tung smart technology, wave technology, conjectures, and Beijing’s Jinshan Cloud network technology. The smart computing cluster system is uncertain: hand-order packages for the company’s smart computing cluster system.
The second batch of hardware equipment for the Advanced Smart Computation Platform (phase 2), which authorized software, left only $186 million in the contract, while the first half of the year did not receive even $200,000 unless we saw a significant return of orders in the second half of the year, which this year may be less than 60 per cent, or even 60 per cent.
Staff equity incentives in management costs and the high and low cost of R & D determine whether the loss is sustained: in 2019, for example, the cost of S & T (equity payments) amounted to 944 million, while the cost of R & D of 543 million was higher than in the current year, resulting in higher management and R & D costs, resulting in companies
The business loss in 2019 will also determine whether the loss will be sustained.  Our view is different from that of the market, which is that the harvest and the profits will increase dramatically; but our view is that the war will continue.
The short- and medium-term profitability of large-scale R & D, starting with large products, design, process, customer barriers. 7 nm thinking 290 cloud-end training chip roll-out (2021), progress in R & D of 5 nm new products, return of smart computing cluster system ventures, management and control of R & D costs, overseas weight
It's more appropriate to use the market sales rate of p/s for the evaluation of cold martial arts, which is the country's first listed company, the Ai chip company, with support from the Chinese Academy and government subsidies, and more than 50% of the camp.
With more than two times the rate of cagr and more than 65 per cent higher than most emerging technology companies and a premium on the Science and Technology Board, the market sales rate should be more than 20 times higher than that of comparable companies, and a reduction in terminal alprocessor ip operations would affect the Maori rate by the end of the lock-out period; the smart computing cluster business would be:
In the absence of a return on the orders, this year's corporate recession is expected; many of our colleagues have more R & D resources to invest in, and cold martial law will face greater price competition; among the customers, the competitors Heiss, Ito, the waiters, the merchant soup, the cloud from the technology and other arithmetic companies, and the science and technology and science and technology companies.
As we enter the U.S. Department of Commerce Industrial Security's list of entities, we have to take into account the A.I.A.I.A.'s inclusion in Xinjiang's list, which, by definition, is to use high-speed computer mode to simulate the perception and reasoning of the human brain, especially after collecting a lot of raw data, and then to train by using special ai algorithms on high-speed computers.
Ai's cognitive ability, which includes visual (image, video), hearing (language, voice), smell, when tasteful, sweet and bitter, when the cognitive training of ai's high-speed computer is completed, the reasoning algorithm can help ai's high-speed computer to do it, react, reason, decide.
Artificial intelligence platforms are tools, not applications.
The tooling platform, which is like the Microsoft Office software that we usually use, which is a financial tool for handling applications in our office, so in addition to being widely used for in-depth learning training and extrapolation of big data on clouds, we believe that the AI platform will also be present in a variety of applications.
Edge operations and terminals, according to figures released last year by Yvetteda, as early as 2016, companies accumulated seven major areas (higher education, development tools, Internet, self-driving, finance, government, life sciences) and 19,439 clients used their in-depth learning service tools to match the depth of software and previous big data in the clouds.
While most artificial intelligence chips are still traditional chips with expensive graphic processors (gpu), they are often used to help users or to replace them in performing better intellectual judgemental reasoning.
Or co-ordinated with the central processor (fpga+cpu) with an on-site programming door array chip, based on the Centre ' s in-depth learning training and reasoning, but general/specialized ai chip, i.e., a mass processor or an integrated circuit for specific applications, fixed algorithms and the same model.
al will be a similar pattern, a large number of clouds, edge operations and the reasoning and training equipment required for the terminal, flowers, and gradual penetration of parts of the traditional ai chip in the clouds, edge operations, and terminal markets, humans, future growth dynamics of the industrial intelligence chip, and we estimate the global market for artificial intelligence cloud end semiconductors from 2019 to 2019.
The combined growth rate in 2024 should be 36 per cent, the marginal computing and equipment end-of-conductor market is projected to reach 78.5 billion yuan in 2019-2024, and China ' s global share of the mainland ai chip market will rise from 15 per cent in 2020 to 18 per cent in 2024, while the share of Xinwuki in China is estimated to be
The Court’s forecast of the China mainland ai chip market should include the sales of the Intel Lintelai chip in China in English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, Chinese, English, Chinese, English, Chinese, Chinese, English, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese
Unlike Heath in an artificial intelligence cloud, on the edge, where the terminal chip is in the lead, there are also conflict-free customers, many of whom are direct competitors in 5g communications, servers, mobile phones and security, who are designed as a third-party company like Cold War.
The microchip is a consideration. The continent of Bits also invested heavily in cloud-end artificial intelligence chips, but, after Wu Xiaothai and the Jang Regiment's ideas were inconsistent with each other, we estimate that the development of artificial intelligence chips will shift from cloud to an application of artificial intelligence at security ends and on the edges because of a shortage of funds.
It's always working in the field of artificial intelligence, and it's always going to be a step ahead. We think that the two core features of the Cold War are the adherence to holistic solutions and point algorithms. 1. One-stop solutions from clouds, edges, terminals, and systems software.
The company’s main product is the terminal smart processor ip, cloud-end training, and reasoning intelligence chips and acceleration cards, edges.
Smart chips and acceleration cards, along with the underlying system software platform for the above-mentioned products. Since its inception in March 2016, the company has launched the Cold War 1a, 1h, 1m series of chips for the terminal scene, as well as a 100-column and 270-column reasoning training based on the 16-nautical-mile process of battery power.
Chips and their ai accelerator series products, cloud-based training ai290 chips and accelerometers, and border intelligence accelerometers based on atrophy 220 chips. Of these, Xinwu 1a, Xinwu 1h, applied to Chinese thugs, machine chips have been integrated into more than 100 million smartphones and other smart terminal devices; and Xinyu series products.
It has also been applied to waves, conjectures, central dawns, droplets, and products of various servers and their related manufacturers, such as Haiconway Vision, and the release of edge smart chips and accelerometers has marked the formation of a series of smart chip product layouts with full coverage of clouds, edges and terminal scenes, and has been widely applied to mobile phones, iot, numbers.
According to the center, cloud computing, etc., large soft (cuda, application ngc) hardware (endpoint: jatsonano, tx2servies; edge operator: jetsaviernx, jetagx xavierseries, egx; cloud: tesla, dgxa100, dgx-1/station, ghx, ngc)
The system's Invelda, and the system's Heath, was designed to be better off with huge resources than the Cold War, but the U.S. Department of Commerce's Industrial Safety Department announced in its 5/15/2020 that it would limit the design of semiconductors for Heath using the U.S. semiconductor software eda and the use of crystal circle.
The U.S. semiconductor equipment used by the workers to produce semiconductors must be licensed, but we believe that mobile phones and ceremonial chip have a chance to get a license, but Heath's security, teeai,  server cpu, 5g base station asic may have difficulty applying for a licence, which gives Xinwu an excellent opportunity to come.
We believe that a core technology-based API company must have a chip at the same time (the bottom hardware material carrier contains high-dimensional tension/ vector/traditional arithmetic logic components).
With the same self-research command set and processor architecture, the same basic system software platform is shared, allowing clouds, edges, and end-of-end ecological leaps. Developers can develop all kinds of artificial intelligence algorithms, achieve all kinds of artificial intelligence programs, and ultimately achieve machine vision and voice.
A variety of AI functions, such as processing, natural language processing, and referral systems. Generality of the command set: accelerated chip for a given scenario or even for a given smart algorithm, which the chip needles do not normally have a simple set of instructions or instructions for hardware development of a given algorithm. But cold weapons
The generic ai chip developed by Kiki must have a flexible set of instructions to cover a multiplicity of different applications in the field of artificial intelligence (e.g. visual, speech, natural language understanding, traditional machine learning, etc.).
Delays and effort in data handling, supporting efficient and collaborative work among multiple processors, and targeting the design of hundreds of processor basic commands more suitable for smart algorithms, together with processor architecture, to achieve flexible universal design objectives in the area of artificial intelligence, taking into account not only current types of smart algorithms.
It also requires prejudging trends in the future development of smart algorithms so that a complete and efficient set of smart processor commands can be designed; it covers the diversity of smart algorithms and achieves commonity in the area of artificial intelligence through a flexible combination of high-dimensional tension, vectors, logical commands, etc.
Hardware actions can be defined as add-ons (add), subtractions (sub), subtractions (sub), reading (load) and storage (store), while inside there are two command stores instructionrestera, registerb so that the software wants to do c=a+b, it turns into reading.
Registera, read registerb b, add registerb b to registera, then store it in registera c, and the software can be used in high-level language so that the programmer simply writes c=a+b, then converts it to a read/plus/store program above through the compiler (complier)
The hardware of the ai processor also defines some of the command sets, which are, like, simple basic actions above, that can combine a variety of functions in the form of software, and then, through the compiler, can be converted to a more compact command combination, and the hardware will follow the order of the instructions.
A processor structure: The main function of the cold martial arts intelligent processor consists of high-width tension components, vector meters, computing components, conventional arithmetic logical computing components, which are used to process different types of manipulations of various smart algorithms.
Do. The high-dimensional volume computing component can be highly effective in the brain algorithm core operation (e.g. volume accumulation) and improve the efficiency of the processor as a whole. The vectoring component and the arithmetic logical computing component (in particular the latter) are more flexible and less frequent and unaffordable in the smart algorithm.
Full coverage of running calculations (e.g. branch jumps, etc.) provides a powerful safeguard for the generality of the processor structure. Basic system software cambriconneuware (including software development tool chains, etc.): no cumbersome transplants allow the same AI application to operate easily and efficiently in corporate clouds, edges, end systems
Lists the chips and processor products. With the support of cabbriconneuware, the programmer can achieve the development of an artificial intelligence application for a cross-coated hardware platform, significantly increasing the efficiency of the development and deployment of an artificial intelligence application in different hardware platforms in a "one-developing, local-run" mode, and also at the same time.
Makes it possible for clouds, edges, integrated management, scheduling and co-calculation of anthropology hardware resources. Cambaconneuware can develop applications based on mainstream programming frame interfaces such as tensorlow, pvtoch, caffe, mxnet, or public.
The Division's pre-optimised smart chip high-performance mathematics library extends or directly prepares the programming frame algorithms: the user can also extend the algorithms through the smart chip programming language (bang language) or directly write the code: the smart chip compiler can complete the compilation of the Bang language to the mlu command.
It is also supported by a core intelligent chip drive that allows it to operate efficiently over and above the company’s chip products. In the process of development, users can also perform the functionality and performance refinement of applications efficiently through the application of debugging tools, sex profiling tools and systems monitoring tools provided by the debugging tool kit.
In addition, capbriconneuware can provide critical support for cloud computing and numbers through smart chip virtualization software, based on the central scene.
Although Xinwuki is clearly behind Heith's top class in the process of using power, 7 nm+euv of 910, md Super Radeoninstinctmi50 and Nvidia Inveda's latest a100 7 nm, the Qinjiang 16 nm's thought 270 is primarily of value to the standard product
A variety of point accuracy calculations, such as int16/int8/int4, can be supported. The peak performance of int16 is 64 tops (64 trillion calculations), 128 tops and 256 tops in int8.
Early core technologists in Arihuun used to say that 75w power consumption could not be reduced by half in the course of the survey, and that S$270 would be able to keep up the same frequency. () We estimate that it continues to operate with the same efficiency, with t4 consuming twice as much energy as S$270.
And above, in the visualization of the performance parameters of Gen. 270, it can be seen that typhoid martial arts are deliberately emphasizing the advantages of their point-to-point computing, which should be a breakthrough in typhoid low-precision algorithms in the ai field, because the speed of low-precision calculations and energy consumption relative advantages have been closely followed by industry. And typhoid 7 nanometers of thought.
290. More than two times as efficient and 50 percent less energy-consuming than Yin Wei da V 100, but this low-cost advantage may have to wait until the cold martial law is directly powered and the bulk of the shipment is on economic scale.
In addition to the design service, the use of gpu in the depth learning ai has a number of disadvantages, the first being that it contains two computing components: training and reasoning, and gpu is very efficient in the parallel training of the depth learning algorithms, but it can only be done in parallel.
The advantage of parallelness cannot be fully realized for a single input image; the second is the hardware structure, which is fixed without programming. The depth learning algorithm is not completely stable, and if the depth learning algorithm changes significantly, gpu cannot configure the hardware structure as flexible as fpga or as universal ai.
The third is that the unit core is too large for power and production, and the fixed-point calculation and floating-point operation are the two most commonly used methods of computing, the difference being on the fixed and floating points, and the subtraction calculation is the same. The fixed-point expression, that is, all bits, is the same.
Displays a number of digits, the decimal points are fixed; the floating point means two parts, stairwells and tails, the end number is the number part, and the staircase indicates the size of the stubble, that is, the decimal position. So, in the calculation of the floating point, in addition to adding or subtracting the tails, the decimal position is processed.
The algorithm rules lead to a more complex float-point calculation pattern in the face of fixed and floating-point operations of the same length, requiring several times more power consumption and larger chips for operation. But the float-point calculation is also undesirable intergenerational. First, the dot-based calculation, though intuitive, determines the fixed decimal position.
The integer and decimal parts of the number are not conducive to the expression of either a particularly large number or a particularly small number at the same time. And the decimal position of a floating point can be moved, without any consideration being given to a data format, and the floating point is generally used for scientific calculations.
The preference for floating point operations is mainly because only float-point operations can record and capture small increases in training. Because some modules of training require more precision, they usually have to be high-precision floating-point operations, such as fp32/fp64 (a unit-precision floating-point operation of 32/64 bits) that can be done, although.
Floating-point operations do not have an advantage over fixed-point operations in terms of power consumption, speed of calculation, value for money, but, as of now, floating-point calculations continue to dominate the cloud-end training scene, and are dominated by high accuracy. So, how can the chip be substantially upgraded without increasing its size and power?
The ability to calculate is one of the main research topics for cloud-based training chips. The reference calculation process is relatively simple, and currently the ai chip in this area is based on generic ai.asic or low-precision float points gpu, but industry has been trying to use sex prices in the face of more complex computing training calculations.
This is achieved by a higher point operator. How to replace the floating point module with all fixed-point units (e.g., int8), or do more training with a low-precision fixed-point unit to calculate a small number of high-precision float-point units (e.g., fp32) in order to achieve a fixed-point speed while achieving near-high-precision floats.
Precision. Low-precision training does not really seem to be necessary at this point in time, as long as there is a good expression of the field, a close-up of zero, and any kind of data expression. In short, we judge how typhoid can significantly increase the computing power of the low-precision training phase.
By comparison, it is likely to be a large number of low-precision calculations, but to be able to successfully cut data, high-precision training and reasoning markets at the center, a fully developed software ecology is also an important manifestation of its core competitiveness, so from 2016, it's cold.
Wu Chi has gradually introduced the neuware software tool chain, which is supported by both platform terminals and cloud products that can be compatible with the api of tensorflow, caffe and mxnet, while providing a dedicated high performance bank for cold martial arts.
So now, more than 80% of the cloud accelerators are based on British Weldagpu, while the md gpu/cpu and fpga of Thérèse account for a very small share. Three or three challenges.
As one of the country's first dedicated chip companies, typhoid martial arts has to face the challenge of the client (Wai Heath) to integrate up and down and deploy large cellular chip designs and ip resources to artificial intelligence chips, as well as the advantage of the universal aigpu acceleration chip in the process and cuda software.
Using a small number of resources and cash flows, gradually moving from the point of ip design, to the chip design, to the line of accelerated card design, to the face of system integration, but over the next 10 years, we believe that Cold War will face three major challenges, and how it will overcome them will be the focus of our recommendations to our clients for continued attention: 1. Cold War.
How can the limited cash flow evolve from a smaller cloud in the market to cloud-based training? 2. Queer Worming has transformed itself from an ip and chip design company to an intelligent computing cluster system company over a year, and how to solve the problem of smart computing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
What is the problem with the market for food in China and China? 3. How does typhoid martial arts shorten the technological gap with Heathing and the British Wedda v100/a100gpu acceleration card in ip, design, process, software ecology, point 81/4 peaks of theory?
How to move from cloud-based reasoning to cloud-based training, unlike Heath and Yvetteda, with the profits and cash flow of their former powerful industries, can invest a great deal of R & D resources, a continuous design stream in the field of artificial intelligence, and a final system setup.
All right. And then, after a few years of constant losses (up to RMB 1.2 billion in 2019 and up to a net loss of 266 per cent), there's a lot of catching up. Although Tsim 270 has temporarily mastered low-precision computing techniques for cloud-level reasoning, it's a good idea to roll out cloud-end training next year with high-precision floats.
290. The ipo will raise $2.8 billion to keep up the money to hire talent and invest in research and development and transfer costs. This time, of course, it will have a stabilizing financial effect on a 500 million yuan-in-dollar cold discipline, but if annual losses continue to grow and research and development expenditures do not slow down, two years later,
It is not excluded that tyrannical martial arts will re-finance the market and continue to spread the existing equity structure.
Household support in the server industry, but Xinwu’s main camp business is designed for various cloud servers, peripherals, computing devices, terminal devices, artificial intelligence core chips, which provide clients with a wealth of chip products and systems Software solutions, including terminal smart processor ip, cloud intelligence reasoning chips and acceleration cards,
The edge intelligent reasoning chip and acceleration card, along with the underlying system software platform for the above-mentioned products, are widely used in a number of scenarios, such as cell phones, iot, data centres, cloud computing, etc.; cloud intelligence reasoning chip and acceleration cards have also been applied to the products of mainstream domestic server manufacturers (e.g., wave surges) and are yielding quantities;
The release of intelligent reasoning chips and accelerators marks the company’s full cloud cover, edge, and end-of-the-life series of smart chip product layouts. But in order to further expand its collection, the Cold War entered the smart computing cluster for the first time in 2019.
In one year, it became a 67% major business group, indirectly with direct sales of the whole smart acceleration system. From another perspective (reference chart), the Business Department of the New District Board of the Yokohama, the 100th Sense Card, gave China to the New District Board, and then delivered it to the Business Bureau of the New District Board of the Yokohama, and then to the Business Bureau of the New District Committee.
The other 47% received the direct sale of 1,300 smart servers and 48 parallel storage systems to the new district of the Yokohama Board of Directors, which installed $5.200 worth of S$270 accelerator cards, although this group is similar to the server system using the 100-card speedcards of the British Weidaa chip.
But tyrannical discipline is always in dispute with its system clients. It's like Heath's use of artificial intelligence clouds, edges, terminal chips, but besides the huge amount of Chinese purchases for the inner group, Heath's products are subject to other intelligent computing clusters.
It's quite difficult for households to adopt them. Many of them are in 5g communications, servers, direct competition for mobile phones, and they still think of third-party companies like Xinjiang's chip and accelerated card, but when Xinjiang is also in the area of artificial intelligence systems that their clients will be actively developing, and they're like waves, connections, China's history.
3. How to close the gap between design, programming, and software ecology, as we can see clearly in the comparison of cold martial arts products with Heith and Yvetteda products in chart 6
There is a great deal of room for improvement in the design and process (16nmvs.7nm) of the single and double-precision floats, and it was mentioned earlier that if typhoids are to continue into the clouds to train floaters for high-precision calculations, it is necessary not to cut the costs of hiring talent, invest in massive research and development and streaming costs, and do 7nm or more advanced designs.
For example, to speed up single- and double-precision floats, it was decided to jump from the current 16nm to the 7nm design, but the cost of a new product design fluid photo masks alone would increase from $4-5 million to $11 million, which would more than double the cost of a new product.
For example, in 2019, RMB 124 million was spent on testing and processing fees (primarily from the run-off fees used in R&D) for the company.
As far as process is concerned, a chip designed with a 7nm process has been published before, with a 60 per cent reduction in energy consumption, a 30 per cent increase in chip velocity, and a 233 per cent increase in transistors per fixed unit.
It's a decision to be competitive, if the long-term competition with Heath and Inveda's artificial intelligence training and reasoning chips on the cloud, accelerated card products, design and process evolution to 7 nm or even 5 nm, so Xinwix is expected to be successfully launched in 2021 at the same level as Heath up to 910 nm.
At the end of the day, in terms of software ecology, with its long-standing experience and product diffusion, the Cuda software ecosystem has become more sophisticated, with users accepting more of its products and creating some user habits and cold.
Figure 11: Performance change rates in the evolution of a build-up process IV, three mainstream artificial intelligence algorithms
Yearly machine learning, from 2010 onwards, with images of algorithms conns, nns, dnns, etc. visual learning, recognition, the spread of reasoning, which allows deeper learning of artificial intelligence to leapfrog. In-depth learning is a subset of artificial intelligence and machine learning, which uses multiple layers of artificial neural networks, such as object testing.
The difference between in-depth learning and traditional machine learning techniques is that they can automatically learn to display data such as images, videos, or text, without introducing manual coding rules or knowledge in the human field. Their highly flexible structure can be direct.
Learn from raw data and improve the accuracy of predictions when providing more data. The depth of artificial intelligence learns from many recent breakthroughs, such as the alphago of Googledeepmind and the stronger Alphazero, which continue to play chess, the chess championship, Googlewaymo, and the Xavier of Inveda.
Intel/mobileye's Eye4/5 autopilot solutions, alexa in the Amazon, Google's googleassistant, Applesiri, Microsoft's cortana, and Samsung's bixby's smart voice helper, among others. Researchers and data scientists can significantly accelerate their in-depth learning by using the accelerated in-depth learning framework.
Training can be reduced from days or weeks of learning to hours. When models can be deployed, developers can rely on an artificial intelligence chip-accelerating reasoning platform to achieve clouds, peripheral computing equipment or auto-driving vehicles, providing high performance and low-delay reasoning for most computing-intensive deep-seated neural networks.
cnns (convolutionalneuralnetworks): cnns are built to simulate the visual system of humans and, through the breakthrough of image classification models, will also be derived mainly from the discovery of higher and higher levels of image content that can be used to progressively extract images.
. cnn takes the original pixel data of the image as input and learns how to extract these features and ultimately extrapolates the objects they make up. First, cnn receives the input feature map: a three-dimensional matrix, the first two dimensions of which correspond to the length and width of the image (in pixels).
The size of the third dimension is 3 (three channels corresponding to the colour image: red, green and blue). cnn consists of a bunch of modules, each of which performs three operations. For example, the volume filters 3x3 with nine conditions (0,1) applied (by multiplying first to obtain a single value) at 5x5 input points.
Nine pixel features from the pixmap, resulting in an entirely new 3x3 volume output feature. After each volume operation, the maximum pool algorithm (maxpooling) is used, and the cnn sampled the volume feature (to save processing time) while retaining the most critical feature information, the largest pool.
. At the end of the curved neural network is one or more fully connected layers, the fully connected layer connects each neuron in one layer to the next.
Each neuron in the other layer. In principle, it is similar to the multilayered sensor neuralwork (mlp), and their job is to classify it according to the particulars extracted from the volume, and cnn can contain more or less volume modules, and more or less.
In short, conn specializes in image processing such as autopilot, security, face recognition, and disease image recognition solutions.
circular neural network nns (recurentneuralwork): rnn is a kind of artificial hearing and talking neural network with memory or feedback loops that can better identify patterns in the data. rnn is an extension of the conventional artificial neural network, which adds a layer of concealment of the neural network back to itself.
. The loop connection provides a loop network, not only to see the current data sample it provides, but also to see its previous hidden state. The loop network with feedback loops can be considered as multiple copies of the neurological network, one of which is used as the next.
. Unlike traditional neural networks, circulation networks use their understanding of past events to process input vectors rather than always start from scratch. Rnn is particularly useful when processing data sequences for sorting decisions or regression estimates, and circulation neural networks are usually used to solve problems with time.
Unlike cnn, which specializes in image processing, the circulation neural network should use natural language processing, speech recognition, machine translation, character-level language modelling, image classification, image subtitles, stock forecasting and financial engineering. Machine translation refers to the source of a language using a machine.
Sequence (terms, paragraphs, documents) is translated into the corresponding target series or vector in another language. Since one source sentence can be translated in many different ways, translation is essentially one pair. And translation functions are modeled as conditional rather than definitive.
We teach neural networks how to translate from data rather than from a set of design rules. Because we process time series data, where context and sequence are important, nmt's preferred network is a recycled neural network.
The model changes its focus to an important part of the input and improves the prediction process. For example, two rnns, to track the day of your cafeteria main course, run the same dish every week at the exact same time. Like a hamburger on Monday, curry on Tuesday, pizza on Wednesday, sushi on Thursday.
And Friday's pasta. With rnn, if the output of raw fish sushi is fed to the web to determine Friday's dish, rnn will know that the next main course in the sequence is pasta (because it's already known that there's an order and Thursday's just happened, so Friday's is next).
Another example is if I run 10 miles, what do I need a drink? Humans can figure out how to fill the void based on past experience. Because of Renn's memory function, can you predict what happens next, because it may have enough training memory to finish with a sentence like this?
Deep neural networks dnns (deepneuralwork): dnn has made key breakthroughs in visual, linguistic understanding, and speech recognition. In order to achieve high accuracy, a lot of data and subsequent computing are needed to train these networks, but these also pose new challenges.
Vulnerability to confrontational examples in the classification, enhanced learning of forgotten tasks, creation of modeling patterns, the impact of collapse, and excessive calculation time. To build a better, stronger nn-based system, is it possible to determine when two neural networks are learning the same?
A specific application is an expression that compares learning from different networks and explains the table that is learned from the hidden layers in dnn. The key to setting it is to interpret each neuron in dnn as an activation vector, the activation of the neuron vector as a metric output that it produces on the input data. For example, for 50 input images,
The neuron in dnn will produce 50 markers, encode its response to each input. Then, the 50 markers form the active vector of the neuron. Because of the size of the deep neural network (i.e., the number of nodes of the layers and the silicon), learning rates, initial weights, etc., many parameters need to be considered. Scan all references
The number is not feasible due to time costs, so a small batch of training (micro-package) will be used to train more than one sample at a time, rather than just one sample at a time, for accelerated model training. The most remarkable speed increase is from gpu.
The use of gpu. However, there are still difficulties in using large clusters for deep neural network training. There is still room for upgrading the deep neural network in terms of training and co-allocation.
In-depth learning is a large multi-level neural network structure requiring training (see figure 16), each node of which is equivalent to a machine learning that solves different problems.
Network structure, depth learning, and the ability of a few samples to display the essence of a powerful learning data set. Simply put, deep learning neural networks are more similar and accurate to the neuron of the human brain.
Play chess, train their own deep-learning neural network, and the stronger Alphazero learns by using more precise node parameters without prior learning to develop itself. The deep-learning model requires a lot of data training to achieve the desired results, and the scarcity of training data makes it possible to learn artificial intelligence in depth.
Could not have been a mainstream algorithm in artificial intelligence applications in the past. But as the technology matures, together with actions, fixed communication devices, unmanned vehicles, technology can be worn, operations, fixed surveillance systems can connect to and communicate with millions of things, and big data surges satisfy deep learning calculations.
The neural network for training and reasoning requires different types of operation. The neural network is divided into forward transmission (forwarddalgorithm) which includes input layers, hidden layers, output layers and backward transmission (backward).
It's mostly about gradient operations, both of which involve a large number of parallel calculations. Training requires both forward and backward transmission, and the reasoning is mainly forward transmission. The training process is generally larger than the calculation of the reasoning process. The cloud-end AI system is responsible for training and pushing through big data sets and adjustment parameters optimization.
The reasoning can be performed at the cloud end, or at the edge, at the computer or at the device end. When model training is completed, models (mainly parameters obtained through training) are used for various applications.
Calculating that parallel calculations are large, but relative to the training process ratio parameters, they are not supported by large data, and they can be performed on the edges, in addition to at the cloud end. The parameters required for the reasoning can be downloaded regularly and updated to the application terminal after the cloud end has been trained.
In the field of depth learning semiconductors, the most important thing is data and operations. Whoever has a large transistor, and the chip is large, will be quick and dominant. So, in the choice of processors, gpu, which uses basic calculations with faster rates of operation, can quickly become the dominant chip in artificial intelligence calculations, based on the United States.
Public information on national applications (refer to Figure 18). The A.I.R. chip in Intel's central processor has an area of 7,432 mm2, which is eight times the size of a non-a.i. enterprise and large data servers, or more than three times the size of an A.I. server in Google Specialized Threshold Processor, which consumes storage.
The area (32,512mm2) is more than three times that of other servers. It can be said that in the past few years, especially since 2015, the big break in artificial intelligence has been used by the graphic processor of the British company, which has been the owner of the cloud.
The handler gpu and Google's mass processor are still capable of leading the training of the universal cloud-side AI-in-depth learning system, and the programming chip fpga's low power consumption and low delay should facilitate the reasoning of the dominant AI-in-depth learning system on the cloud, while the special-purpose integrated circuit (asic) will continue to dominate the peripherals and equipment end in the future.
But because of the cost, speed of operation, and power consumption, certain special uses of the market for artificial intelligence cloud-side servers are gradually being invaded, and the place for training and reasoning is being taken, the advantages and disadvantages of the various processors in the cloud-side AI systems are listed below:
Figure 19: The AI semiconductor market forecasts are classified by different chip types  traditional cpu processor structures, including cpu:x86 and arm, often require hundreds or even thousands of instructions to complete a neuron process, but not much process.
The central processor cpu needs a strong computing power to process different types of data, as well as the logical judgement to process branches and jumps, which makes cpu's internal structure extremely complex, and now cpu.
A double accuracy of 64bit can be achieved by performing double-precision float source additions and multiplying only one to three clock cycles, which reach 1.532 to 3ggahertz. cpu has a chain structure of several cores optimized for sequence processing, which determines that it is better at logical control.
Combining with generic types of data, the top level of cpu is currently only six or eight, but the normal level of gpu contains hundreds and thousands of processing units, so cpu is naturally vulnerable to the large number of duplicate processing processes in video computing.
Graphic processor gpu continues to dominate cloud-side artificial intelligence in-depth learning and training: it was initially used as a microprocessor to run mapping operations on computers, workstations, games and some mobile devices, but its magnitude. The ability of data to run parallel calculations was matched by the need for in-depth learning, and was therefore introduced first into in-depth learning.
gpu only needs to perform high-speed calculations without the need for logical judgment. gpu has an efficient floating point calculates the number of units and simplified logical control units, splits serial access into several simple parallel accesses, and calculates simultaneously. For example, only 20-30% of transistors (in memory storage) on cpu
Dramdynamirandaaccessmemory, Cache sram, Controller has 70-80% of the remaining transistors, but, conversely, gpu has 70-80% of the transistors made up of thousands of small, efficient nuclei.
Parallel computing structures (dram and small cachesram, controller, account for 20-30% of the remaining transistors). Most of the control circuits are relatively simple, and the demand for cache is small, only a small portion of the transistor is required to perform the actual calculations, so that other transistors can form a variety of special types of transistors.
The circuits, the multiple currents, have given gpu a stronger ability to handle floating point calculations. This has determined that it is better equipped to deal with multiple tasks, especially duplicated work without technical content. Unlike the gpu chip in Super and Intel, the artificial intelligence chip in Invest has the co-softness of cuda.
The Cuda programming toolkit allows developers to lighten every pixel on the programming screen. Before Cuda was released, gpu programming was a hard job for programmers, because it involved producing a lot of low-level machine codes. Cuda was passing through.
After years of development and improvement in Yin Weidal, high-level languages like Java or c++ were successfully released to gpu programming, making gpu programming easier and simpler, and researchers could develop their deep learning models faster and cheaper. So we think that Yin Weidal is currently equipped with eight.
a 100 dgxa100 system ($199.000), which matches the speed of its cuda software and nvlink petaflops in-depth learning floats training, would have reached 1,280 trillion floats (1.28 petaflops) if viewed in 32bit single-precision floats performance.
Best generic solution for advanced learning and training of artificial intelligence. Fpga, an on-site programming door array chip, has the advantage of low power consumption and low delay: cpu cores are not good at floating point calculations and signal processing, and will be integrated into the other components of the same chip.
Both gpu and fpga are known to be good at floating point calculations. There are a lot of computing units in fpga and gpu, both of which are very good at computing. When they run an artificial intelligence neural network (cnn, rnn, dnn), they are more than ten times faster than cpu.
But gpu, because of the fixed structure, the original hardware-supported instruction is fixed, while fpga is programmed because it allows software and application companies to offer solutions that are different from their competitors and to modify circuits with flexibility for their own algorithms.
Live, but its design resources are more limited than gpu, for example, if gpu wants to add a few more cores, but fpga will be determined once the model has selected a logical resource ceiling. Moreover, fpga's cabling resources are also limited, because some lines have to be far away, not like that.
This way, gpu can type lines at random, which can also be restrictive. The fpga, while operating at floating points, increasing the chip area, and having less generality than gpu, has a significant advantage over gpu in terms of delay and power. Intel is investing in the acquisition of altera to get fpga.
Technology contributes to the development of Intel. This is reflected in the technology road map, which is to move from the now-separated cpu chip plus the split fpga acceleration chip to the same one-packed cpu chip+fpga chip, to the final integrated cpu+fpga chip.
It will coexist over the long term because the separation of cpu and fpga is slightly less robust, but more flexible. At present, the AI solution for the cloud is to use Xeoncpu to match Nervana, and the low-power inference for the intermediate layer and the edge operating device for the cloud is to use Xeoncpu.
In late 2018, Cyrus (xilinx) introduced an alveo acceleration card (alveou25,u50,u200,u250,u280) based on low-cost, low-delay, energy-efficient deep nervous network (dnn) algorithms.
Google mass processor tpu3. typhus ai chip and aic: it speeds up its AI and allows the system to run tensorflow and is much more efficient than gpu, Google's deep nervous system.
The network is driven by the tensorflow engine, and its third generation of volume processors (tpuv3, tesorprocessingunit, about 420 teralaps/hp-16bit) is designed for machine learning, and Google provides system design, and Botox provides chip design services and intellectual property patent blocks, power on the station.
Provides 16/12 nanometer process tailor-made transistors for each operation in fewer quantities and more natural efficiency. tpu/watts can provide machine learning with a higher level of command than all commercial gpu and fpga. tpu is specially developed for machine learning applications so that chips are in place.
It means that each operation requires fewer transistors, more sophisticated and powerful machine-learning models, and the rapid application of these models, so that users can get more accurate results.
Alphazero/deepmind) Use artificial intelligence depth to learn training and reasoning to defeat the world's top chess player, world number one chess program stockfish8, world row, 5,000 volume handlers, 1,280 central processing units to make clouds.
The googlepu and the cold martial arts smart chip are identical in an analysis and abstraction of the computational and visitation features of the human, industrial and intellectual fields, designed to be common intelligence chips, their command set, operator structure and storage levels are very appropriate for smart algorithms, so that intelligence is enabled.
The energy efficiency of the application exceeds the traditional cpu and gpu. The difference between googletpu and the cold martial arts intelligent chip is that different routes are used in the processor structure. The core of googletpu is the pulsative array technology, which is itself more efficient for volume operations, but for which it is more efficient.
For the latter, googlepu has introduced additional hardware modules to supplement them. And the hickey chip structure directly distinguishes the basic operation of algorithms from high-dimensional volume, vector, log logic.
And in the processor, you are organized by computing components such as high-dimensional stretches, vectors, conventional arithmetic logic, etc.. High-dimensional computing components can efficiently support volume and full-connection calculations, while vector computing parts can support activation, etc., and conventional arithmetic logical computing components can support branch jumps, etc.
Even with long R & D periods and high initial development costs, the lack of advanced X86cpu, gpu, and fpga basic design intellectual property rights (ips) in the country's chip industry makes it possible to become fully personalized, to consume electricity, and to have a high-performance i.e. universal ic design that immediately becomes an artificially intelligent cloud in the country.
The only way to operate and operate the semiconductor market for the device's chips. In addition to the already marketed products of the high-rated (sophon) bm1682/1684 ADR series on the edges of big data, Heith is now using the alumni 7 nanometer process.
910 series, known as the 256-millimeter float-point operation at 16bit half-precision, with only a small floating-point solution of 420m3 float-point operations that are below the present state-of-the-art a100gpu float-point solution (one 7m) and Google's previous roll-out of the volume processor 3
In addition to the above-mentioned company products, Alibaba's al-npus, which is located in the north of the country's southern border, is the site of a large-scale search engine, which provides 260 tops, using samsung14 nms (818-300 using the structure of xilinxfpga and 150 watts of power).
Neither the Amazon's inferentia (128tops) has yet provided more accurate chip speeds, electricity consumption, applications, prices, production times, and software framework specifications that allow us to make a better comparison.
Founded on March 15, 2016, Chen Tianshek is currently Chairman and Managing Director, responsible for the technical, business and strategic direction of the controlling company as a whole, leading academic research and industrialization work, with 50 internal patents and 15 offshore patents.
Since its inception, the company has launched a mobile phone ip series in a short period of time, 1a, 1h, 1m, and was heavily used by Heath in his nectar chip series in 2018, but by Heath in 2019, after the main development of his cell phone alip, Quixir was able to successfully launch the cloud-endal reasoning chip 100 and so forth.
Cloudai's reasoning training chip 270, accelerated card, and the design and outsourcing of the production and sales smart computing cluster system has increased the revenue from the previous year by 279%. This year, we're going to add the contribution of the $220 margin operating chip and the acceleration card, and next year we're going to have the $290 cloud training chip and the accelerated card collection contribution. The company is the current country.
One of the few companies in the group that can master the core technology of smart chips and their underlying systems software development and productization provides cloud, edge, terminal integration, hardware and software synergy, training logic integration, integrated ecologically integrated series of smart chip products and platformed basic systems software for image processing, video, voice recognition.
In addition to Chen Tianseok, Wang is a Ph.D. in computer applications at the Chinese University of Science and Technology and worked in scientific research at the Institute of Computing at the Chinese Academy of Science from 2016 to 2018.
Founding team members joined the company and are currently its director, deputy director-general and chief operator. Liang was a master's degree in communications and information systems at the University of Science and Technology in China. He worked as a basic business department in China from 2003 to 2017. He worked as an engineer, a senior engineer and director of engineering at the Heith semiconductor.
In 2017, the company was served by the current Deputy General Manager and Chief Technical Officer, who is in charge of corporate research and development, leading the research and development team in the design and realization of chips, the mass production of chips and cards, the development of basic systems software, etc.
The shareholders in Chen Tianse directly held 33.19 per cent of the company's shares and, as the executive partner of the Ishien partnership, controlled 8.51 per cent of the company's shares in the Ishie partnership, 41.7 per cent of the company's shares in Chen Tianse combined, were the actual controllers of the company, and the second largest shareholder was the son-in-law (100 per cent of the Chinese Institute's calculations).
The Ministry held 16.4 per cent of the winter martial arts after the ipo replenishment, while the fourth largest shareholder, the Siozhou Industrial Park, was the primary investor in the Nanjing IEC (65.63 per cent) and the Jiang Soo Jin Finance Corporation (32.77 per cent), while the fifth largest shareholder country was the major investor in the conversion of science and technology to the Investment Fund.
The National Development Investment Group (21 per cent), the National Centre for Science and Technology Risk Development (20 per cent), the Ningbomé Premium (St.) tax port, the smooth and smooth operation of the Xing Jia Xiaoming Investment Management Partnership (19.25 per cent), and the Shanghai Science and Technology Enterprise Investment (10 per cent) are held.
But other major shareholders, such as Chinese accounting, ancient innovations, national investment funds, Nanjing hirings, Ning Boang, have been locked up for a year, while company directors.
Supervisors, senior managers and core technicians have committed themselves, in principle, to a one-year period of lock-down after a company is profitable and to a relatively difficult period of transition, so that the overall business team should be under a three-year period of lock-down, but the sales of other strategic investment shareholders should emerge after a one-year period of lock-down.
In Ipo, RMB 2,580 million is expected to be raised in 40.1 million shares, with each share of RMB 1 billion or 27.1 per cent being used mainly to train chip and system software for the development of new products for three years, another 600 million or 23.2 per cent for cloud reasoning chip and system software development, and another 600 million or 23.3 per cent for peripheral operations.
The development of endai chips and systems software, of course, with the remaining 680 million in cash to supplement the cash flow, is really needed for the cold martial law that leaves only 380 million in cash at the end of last year. If the company is still running eight R & D projects at this stage, with a total value of 755 million, it is still within the control of the fund-raising program.
In addition to the release next year of the Tsim 290 cloud-endai training chip, the Cold War is currently engaged in the development and development of 5nm process products, supporting process design support such as layout, physical validation, static time-series analysis, and covering all chain design requirements.
4. Changes in core clients and suppliers have declined significantly in 2019 to just 14.34 per cent since Heath took ownership of the development of artificial intelligence ips and chips.
The smart computing cluster system has grown from zero contributions in 2018 to 67 per cent in 2019, mainly from the Business Bureau of the Town of Joohai's new district management committee (46.65 per cent) and the smart computing cluster system project of Xi'an Xiaodong's technology service company (18.26 per cent). The third largest client is connected.
The Xuan 100 acceleration card, installed in 1.000 servers, then provides the main client of the Advanced Smart Computing Platform Phase of the Yokohama. The Xiaoqin (603019ch) is the second largest shareholder in Xinwu, who controls 20.63% of businesses (after ipo holds 16.41% of Xinqian shares).
We expect that by 2020, customers of the peripheral ai chip and accelerated card and basic system software will have a place, but the share of smart computing cluster system customers will be reduced.
Shanghai International Science and Technology Co. Ltd., acting cadence, eda design tool and ip with rp with arm) and crystal circle workers (mainly cybershuttleprototypingservation) and harvests through the limited public department of supply chain services in Lanhua, Shenzhen)
I'm buying a variety of electronic components and semiconductors that are represented by the Internet/avago and Thai sources. According to the industry chain, Hichoo is using the Internet to design chips and provide some high-speed ips, while crystal round workers are mainly using 16 nm and 7 nm as their main force, and chip pop and eda tools are primarily directed to them.
Purchases such as cadence, synopsys and arm. Sunshine, amkor and long power technology are the basis for historical data and projections of cold martial arts camps.
Processor ip operations were mainly designed to allow China to build its ips to its cellular nectar chips for Heithner and to account for 100,000 per cent, 97.94 per cent and 92.56 per cent of public terminal aip authorized sales revenue, while terminal aip authorized operations revenue decreased in 2019 compared to 2018
41.23 per cent, mainly Heith self-researching the ai chip, with no continued collaboration with the Cold War, and the company ' s difficulty in developing large clients of the same size in the short term, resulted in the company ' s terminal smart processor ip in 2020, with a third generation ip1m authorized income of $10 million, and there is now Hangzhou Bo, in addition to Heith.
As a potential client, such as Ya Hungtu video technology, Xiamen's technology, communications, and Beijing's smart-core microelectronics technology, we expect these operations to account for no more than five points in the future, we expect them to account for two of the high-morigin growth dynamics: cloud and edge ari chip and accelerator cards, starting in 2019.
At the beginning, Xinjiang's cloudside theory chip 100 and a 100/270 accelerator contributed $7.888 million (mostly the 100 accelerator carabinieri 98 per cent, the 100 accelerator chip and the concept band rose to 76 per cent, while the company only launched the cloudside edge chip at the end of last year 220 and the same year.
Last year, the main clients of cloudai's reasoning chips and accelerator cards were the related parties' China Science and Light (80.9% compared to 80.9%) and the non-associated parties' Jiang Su-hung Ri-tung smart technology, the tides, conjectures, Xinhua San, Bodd, technastics, the Great Wall Flying and Beijing's Golden Mountain Network technology.
Instability of the smart computing cluster system enterprise, paying close attention to its risks: in 2019, the Cold War Smart Purchases, the Smart Calculating Clustering System tender project conducted by Xian Dong Yi Technology Services Ltd., which accounts for 97.3 per cent of corporate smart computing cluster system business income, and in one case
A 67% share of total income over the year (primarily contributed to the second half of 2019). In the case of the high-intelligence computing platform (phase 2), it's a cold-war sale, selling the whole computer smart acceleration system, which has been entrusted to the Chinese-controlled proxy.
5.200 Sense 270 cloud reasoning and training acceleration cards and software are integrated into 1.300 smart servers and 48 parallel storage systems via Chinese-controlled proxy. However, the latest information from the callbook shows that hand orders in the corporate smart computing cluster system include an advanced computing platform for the harp.
The second batch of supply hardware equipment, authorized software, left only $186 million in contract amounts, and the first half of the year did not receive even $200,000 (the Shanghai Brain Science and Brain Research Center project optimized the service income of $64,000 in the first quarter), unless we saw a new location in the second half of the year.
The new capital projects and other active orders of the government are back on their way, and this year the business may receive less than 60%, or even 50%, of its contribution. In the long run, the Qinjia industry faces its end-user clients, such as local data centres, industry enterprises, scientific institutions, etc.
Large and dispersed client groups are needed to stabilize hand orders and collect, otherwise they will risk significant fluctuations in the investor’s revenues and profits. It has also been mentioned earlier that in 2019, Xinwu was introduced into the smart computing cluster system (simply speaking, it was self-procurement and integration from China).
But tyrannical is always in dispute with its system clients to rob a business. It's like Hayes, while the artificial intelligence cloud for a certain purpose, the edge, the terminal chip is in the vanguard, but besides the huge purchases of China for the internal group, Heath's products are subject to other intelligent computing cluster systems.
Client adoption is quite difficult, and many of them are in 5g communications, servers, mobile phones, direct competitors, and they still think of third-party companies like Xinjiang's chip and acceleration cards, but when Xinwu is also in the area of artificial intelligence systems designed and outsourced to their clients, and with their clients.
As a wave, we think that China’s doubts about how to rob the business have surfaced. 15% of the year’s revenue has contributed less than 4% of the revenue by 2020, plus the contribution of the smart computing cluster, and we estimate a 37-600 million increase in the year 2020.
Reducing the technical gap with British Weida's ai chip, and its main competitor, Heath, as a result of the Heath clause.
The U.S. semiconductor equipment used to produce semiconductors is required to obtain a license.
However, in the long term, we estimate that the endai processorip with 99.8% Maori and the smart computing cluster system with 50-60% Māori will continue to fall in terms of collection, while the 70-80% Māori cloud/marginai chip and acceleration card will continue to fall.
These factors should keep the overall Māori rate of Xiaoqin at 65-70%. And, because of the small amount of ai chip comparison, and the fact that Xiaoqian is still in the process of expanding the ip mix of R & D spending and expanding the incentives for employee equity, we take Yin Weida.
Ceva’s Māori ratio is comparable, and in the case of smart computing cluster system operations, we compare the tide with China’s history, and the 58% Māori ratio of cold martial arts systems should not be sustainable in the long term. The management costs of employee equity incentives and research and development costs determine whether the losses are sustained: We
From sales (10,44.47 million), management ($6,326.88 million) and R & D ($283 million), it is possible to calculate the company's average salary per person and R & D employee in 2019 at $41.42 million, corresponding to the level of the domestic semiconductor design industry, but we believe that the management costs are the same.
For example, in 2019, the cost of employee equity incentives (equity payments) (equity payments) would not be a recurring cost per year. But in 2019, the cost of R&D would be the same.
It's a recurring cost that cuts across new technologies, such as peripheral smart chips, basic system software (promotion and training), cloud hardware training platforms, cloud-endai training and reasoning chips, while 543 million R & D costs are higher than they were in the current year, and these high management and R & D costs result in companies.
Government subsidies play an important role: Xinwuki received two major types of government subsidies, one relating to assets. (Government grants for the purchase or other formation of long-term assets are divided into asset-related government grants, which rise from 1.24 million in 2017.)
Government grants to compensate for related costs or losses in subsequent periods are recognized as deferred earnings and take into account current gains and losses or offsets during the period of recognition of associated costs and losses) are expected to last for several years: although in the year 2020, Qinqian will be close to the creation table.
11% of the replenishments are on the market, but because of the continuing loss, each share is reduced in 2020, unlike the other semiconductor industries in the ip, cabling, processwork, markets, elastic command sets, software, applications are relatively mature, artificial intelligence chip design companies are like the new technology industry for the next five years.
The global ichi market has grown at a combined rate of 33 per cent and the domestic iii market at a combined rate of 41 per cent, while the icy market currently has less than 3 per cent of its share in the domestic market (currently dominated by traditional chip players such as Yvette, Intel, Seth, etc.), with no global share of 1 per cent, and it has to be constantly and heavily studied.
The development of nanoproducer products, as well as the fluids of diverse photo masks, the extensive use of eda design tools and the acquisition of various existing ip combinations, the development of their own elastic command sets and eco-system software from clouds, edges, to the end, all of which make it necessary to continuously scale up R & D funding and use various employee equity incentive schemes.
So, in the short term, it is difficult to assess the amount of money that is paid for each share of the renminbi (eps), each net asset (bookvalueper share) and roe. We believe that the price is used to collect each share (sales) in the medium term.
Pricetosales should be much higher than the market because it is many times higher than most emerging technology companies in the market. At the time of listing, the average five-year operating loss averaged 71%, the Maori rate was only 20-25% and the p/s averaged only 20-25%.
Google reached an average of 14 times the average of p/s in the first five years of entry, 17 times the average of p/s in the fifth year, a high of 24 times the average of Māori, and 61% the average of Māori in the first three years of entry. The Amazon averaged 45 times the average of p/s in the first three years of entry, a high of 80 times the average of five years, and the average Māori ratio in the first three years of entry.
In addition to the substantial increase in the expected future harvest, the first artificial intelligence chip company in the country to be listed, the support of the Chinese Academy and government subsidies related to assets and revenues, the Māori rate will be maintained at over 65 per cent, and the premium for the low turnover and lock-out of the shares of the Corporation will be given.
At the end of the period, the p/s area will be adjusted downwards from year to year. But for the more growing semiconductor design industry, and for the more growing artificial intelligence chip design industry, investors will be able to value at least the reduced risk of the no. 1. terminalai processor ip operation: as mentioned earlier, Wa has been self-researching for Heith since 2019.
Ai Chip, without continued collaboration with Xinwu and the company's short-term difficulty in developing large customers of the same size, coupled with the competition of the international giant Intel, Intel, High Telecommunication, UNDG, arm, we expect its company's terminal smart processor ip authorized business revenues to continue to decline in 2020, and these operations are expected to continue in the future.
2. Pay close attention to the risks of the smart computing cluster system: the latest information in the cold martial arts collection shows that the second batch of hand orders for the public intelligence computing cluster system include hardware equipment for the high-intelligence computer platform (phase 2), the authorized software, with only $186 million left in the contract, compared with the contribution received in the first half of the year.
Not even 200,000, unless we see a significant return of hand orders in the second half of the year, this year the business may have received less than 60%, or even a 50% share. And, in the long run, the tyrannical industry has to deal directly with end-user clients, such as local data centres, industry enterprises, scientific institutions, etc.
A large and scattered group of clients to stabilize hand orders and collect. Otherwise, it will bring considerable revenue to investors. 3. Competition risks: In addition to the current v100,a100,the Heath series of 910 competitions,Intel,Inner,Sullings,Bitecontinents are also rolling out the product.
And the suppliers of the aai processor, p.p., have also expanded from arm to ceva, cadence, and so on. These competitions have led to price and Maori pressure.
In the run-up to Heith and Yin Weida, Quakers have to spend money on hiring talent and investing in massive R & D and drifting costs. For example, in order to speed up single and double-precision float rates, it has been decided to jump from the current 16nm to 7nm design, but the cost of a new product design photo mask alone will increase from $4 to $5 million.
More than double to $11 million. This ipo increase will raise RMB 2.580 billion, which will, of course, have a stabilizing financial impact on the cold martial law of 500 million yuan in cash, but if annual losses continue, two years later, we will not rule out that the rule will return to the market to finance the existing equity structure.
In addition to raising funds over the next three years, the company has confirmed in its response to the letter of inquiry that it will still need $3.36 billion to invest in research and development projects.
After waiting to be placed on the list of entities that require US Department of Commerce permission to purchase US technology, we fear that the next wave of cold martial arts (a continuous US synopsys, cadence eda tool) will be one of the targets. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment