In 2016, Chen Tianishi, the founder of the company, was the best artificial intelligence expert in the country.
The company is China's leading cloud computing, big data service provider, with high-end servers, large-volume storage, cloud operating systems, and the company's overall technical capabilities, which are currently in the hands of a few comprehensive systems across the world.
Information security technologies create a leading cloud computing base for clients, one of the enterprises whose basic systems software development and product-based core technologies.
Corporate income from core products continues to grow, and software, end-products and solutions support intelligent government, corporate cloud, vertical industry cloud-building.
The company's power of attorney has been working with Heath for the next three to six months, and the company's end-of-service smart processor product has been used mainly in the form of an ip authorization for the use of smart terminal equipment.
In 2018, the Division gradually delivered the terminal smart processor ip to Heath. So far, the company and Heath have terminated their authorization to work with him. In the future, the company needs to find new large clients to increase revenue.
In 2018 and 2019, corporate clouds, smart chips and acceleration cards were scaled out, with sales revenue of $788.24 million, representing 17.77 per cent of the principal business income.
3. Corporate smart computing cluster systems have become the main revenue companies, with their own thought pieces of 270 and 100 chip accelerator products at their core, providing clients with smart computing cluster system programme design, system integration and related technical services.
The company’s operating income has grown rapidly over the last three years, reaching $440 million in 2019. Overall, the company’s revenues are small, are still in their early stages, and there is greater uncertainty about the future.
If the company's products are put to good use, we expect the company to grow steadily in the future.
I've been working on research and technological innovation for the production of artificial intelligence chips.
The company’s founder, Chen Tianse, is the top artificial intelligence expert in the country, with the company’s overall technical capacity, and is one of the few global systems currently mastering the core technologies of smart chip development and productization of software for its underlying systems, providing cloud edge integration, software and hardware synergy.
Training reasoning integration, a series of ecologically integrated smart chip products and platformed basic system software. Table 1: Selected board and executive history 1.2 Rapid growth in corporate performance
The company’s main products include terminal smart processor ip, cloud smart chips and accelerators, edge smart chips and acceleration cards, as well as basic system software platforms that accompany these products. Corporate revenues have been growing rapidly for the last three years. In 2017, 2018 and 2019, the company achieved operating revenues of $7,843,000, respectively.
In terms of income composition, in 2019, the share of corporate end-of-pipe smart processor ip products was 15%, the ratio of cloud smart chips and acceleration cards was 18%, and the ratio of smart computing cluster systems was 67%.
East Hing Securities reports that the future market is huge for the domestic ai chip taps.
Artificial intelligence technologies are widely used in cloud ends, edges, and terminal devices, but they need to be supported by core chips that provide computing power. Clouds, edges, and end scenes have different requirements for their ability to calculate and function.
At the terminal, in recent years, with global smartphone sales slowing, the sales of home-grown mobile phones have increased strongly, and the market share of foreign end-users, such as Apples and Three Stars, has been shrinking. The development of artificial intelligence and the upgrading of communication networks are driving the evolution of China’s Internet, as well as the upgrading of smart terminals.
According to idc’s projections of the development of China’s smart terminal market, 40% of the smart terminal products will have the capabilities associated with artificial intelligence by 2022. Under the leadership of the domestic head intelligence terminal manufacturer, the artificial intelligence chip will be the label of a terminal such as a smart phone, and it is expected that the use of artificial intelligence chips at the end will enter a completely new phase of penetration, with penetration rates increasing from year to year.
In the clouds, servers and data centres need to calculate a large amount of raw data, with higher requirements for computing, measuring progress, data storage, bandwidth, etc. of basic hardware such as chips. There are many development bottles in traditional data centres that are more energy-consuming, less computing efficient, etc.
According to idc, the size of China’s smart server market in 2018 was $1.305 billion (approximately RMB 9 billion), an increase of 131% in the same year, and will reach $4.326 billion (approximately RMB 30 billion) by 2023. The overall market will grow at an average annual compound rate of 27.08%.
Calculating artificial intelligence chips at 30-35% of the cost of artificial intelligence servers, the future demand for artificial intelligence chips in the Chinese server market is expected to exceed RMB 10 billion. Figure 3: Size of China’s smart server market
At the edge, with the rapid commercial landing of China’s 5g industry, the accompanied industries of the 5g industry will become rapidly growing opportunities, and the application industries of car networking, industrial Internet, and property networking, among others, will gradually enter a new phase of development. According to Sadie’s consultant, the size of the market will reach 32.531 billion yuan by 2022.
The company developed three types of chip products, one for the cloud, one for the edge and the other for the three sets of scenarios, namely, terminal smart processor ip, cloud smart chip and accelerator card, edge smart chip and accelerator card, and a unified base system software platform (packaged application development platform) for all the products of the three product lines listed above:
In terms of income composition, in 2019, the share of the company's end-of-pipe smart processor ip product was 15%, the cloud smart chip and the acceleration card ratio.
For 18 per cent, the intelligent computing cluster system accounts for 67 per cent, and next, we analyse the income of each of these three operations and the future growth trends, respectively, of 3.2 corporate ip authorized revenue.
The company’s end-of-service smart processor products are used mainly in the form of ip authorization for smart terminal equipment. The company’s high-performance, low-capacity Impower Processor ip series of products can be integrated into the soc chip products of chip manufacturers and widely applied to various smart terminals, including smart phones, smart cameras.
The year 2018 saw a significant increase in the sales proceeds of the terminal smart processor, i.e., the introduction of artificial intelligence technology and applications, and the realization of a scalding of the terminal equipment using the company ' s terminal smart processor, i.e., the sale of the company ' s terminal smart processor, i.e., the sale of the end smart processor, i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e.i., i.e.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e.e., i., i., i., i., i., i.e., i.i., i., i.e., i.e.e.e., i., i., i.e.i., i.e.e.e.e.e.e.i., i., i., i., i., i., i.i., i., i.e.i., i., i.e., i., i.e.e., i., i., i.e., i., i., i., i.e.
According to the company’s offer, the company has terminated its authorization to work with Heath. Therefore, future companies will need to look for new large customers to come to the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
The cloud smart chip and the accelerator card are mainly used in a variety of cloud servers or data centres in the form of a physical chip or an accelerator card.
Using a self-researched mluv02 set of instructions, the company can efficiently support distributed, customized AI training tasks. The company will be fully engaged.
A full test will put 290 chips into commercial use. In 2018 and 2019, corporate cloud smart chips and acceleration cards were scaled out, generating $78,882.4 million in sales, representing 17.77 per cent of the main battalion's business income.
It is important to note that corporate cloud smart chips and acceleration card revenues come mainly from China. In the future, companies will need to increase their efforts further to the 3.4 smart computing cluster system, which is based on cambriconneuware base system software, with its own thinking pieces of 270 and 100 chip acceleration card products at its core.
Platform, which provides clients with the design of smart computing cluster system programmes, system integration and related technical services.The overall architecture of corporate smart computing cluster system software and hardware is illustrated in figure 4: Corporate smart computing cluster system software and hardware overall
In 2019, the company entered into relevant cooperation with Xi'an Xi Dong Yi Technology Services Ltd., the Shanghai Centre for the Study of Brain Science and Brains and the Business Department of the Executive Committee of the City of Joohai's new Yokohama, and realized sales revenue of $296.8115 million, representing 66.72 per cent of the income from the main business.
In the future, companies need to develop more downstream customers.
Corporate business income has grown rapidly over the last three years, reaching $440 million in 2019. Overall, corporate income is small and still in its early stages, with greater uncertainty about the future.
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the source of the East's wealth and its flourishing.
He's a great source of wealth and wisdom in the East, and he's a member of the E.T.S. Securities and Computer Team, which organizes a team dedicated to research: cloud computing, I.N.S., medical information, industrial software, i.e. big data,
In the areas of car networking, 5g applications, financial science and technology, and digital money, industrial research creates values.
Chen Xiaobo is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.