The company reported in mid-2018 that 18H1 won $2.45 billion, which is an increase.
It's 22.43% long, with a net profit of $300 million to the mother, an increase of 32.31% over the previous year. The reported performance is slightly higher than we expected. On a quarterly basis, the 18q2 battalion received $1,275 million, the company's new batches increased, and in the case of new batches, single-priced lamps and taillights took over.
The main vehicles that we expect to contribute to are Audia 3, q3, BMWf 45 and a new package of BM 530, as compared to the continuous upgrading and improvement of the overall product structure.
Total stock/flow (millions of shares) due to output. We expect that, as the ratio of high Māori products rises, future corporate aggregate total market value/flow (millions)
Star-woo shares (601799). Star-woo shares: In the event of high revenue growth, the cost rate falls faster.
In the first half of 2018, 35 new projects (39 at the same time in the previous year), 47 new projects (36 at the same time in the previous year), and a marked acceleration in the pace of new projects.
The Division successfully developed a high-resolution imaging smart front-light system, matrix adb from distant light, and successfully developed and put into production a low-power-efficient LED near-light. Continuing the strong position of the industrial chain, cash flow performed excellently as of the end of the second quarter of 2018.
Corporate accounts receivable + notes receivable amount to $832 million, an increase of $14 million over the end of the first quarter, as evidenced by the company ' s strong position in the industrial chain. 18h1, net operating cash flow of $283 million, higher than the net non-repatriation profit of $268 million during the same period, and good cash flow performance
The company's heavy-pound model: a brand-new one-size-fits-all market at the end of the month. Given that the price of the light is four to five times higher than that of traditional halogen lamps, and that the Māori rate is higher, we expect a single-car model to bring 5 to 10% elastic performance to the planet, which is very good.
In addition to this, the multiplicity of other cars with the starlights will be on the market in the second half of 18, which is expected to result in significant performance gains for the star. Thus, it is now time for the star to switch from a medium- and low-growth hub to a high-growth hub.
Keeps the "buy-in" rating. We expect the company to return to its mother's net profit from 2018 to 2020.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.