The company achieved its operating income of $2.45 billion over the reporting period.
Growth: 22.43%; net return to mothers: $300 million, or 32.31%. The company ' s net return grew steadily in the first half of the year, the Maori round rose, and the end end grew steadily. In 2018, q2 achieved net return to mothers: 170 million, or the same.
Stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) The ring increase of 2.13 percentage points is mainly due to management fees arising from quarterly fluctuations in research and development costs and a strong increase in downstream sales of customer models.
In addition, new models such as Audia 3, Bounty 530, Tatet 800, and gs3 in 2018 contributed to their performance in the first half of the year. In the second half of the year, with the t-roc, the All New Treasures, etc., the company's front lights were added.
Rapidly up, companies’ performance is expected to accelerate continuously in the second half of the year. The car-light industry is facing a trend toward industrial upgrading, with companies benefiting for a long time.
Asteroids, leading domestic car lights, companies are actively setting up led and smart car lights, and are successful in developing multiple led lights, afs, adb smart car lights, and post-oled combination lamps, which will benefit the company in the long run in the context of the upgrading of the industry.
The company's performance is expected to be released in the future as the company's led lights move into a lot release period and new customers develop. We look forward to the company's future development. The company is expected to move forward in 2017/2018.
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree at the Chinese People ' s University, currently the Executive Director of the Associated Securities Institute. Joined the Associated Securities Institute in 2016, certificate number: US$ 03005160001.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.