- Technology-upgrading capacity has expanded and market competitiveness has increased by 22.43 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and returns to mothers have been 300 million yuan, an increase of 32.31 per cent over the same period in the previous year, with ps 1.09 yuan.
The reduction in R & D costs is about $11.7 million, leading to a reduction in management costs, marketing and the company’s current autonomous R & D system, which quickly responds to and meets clients’ needs. The current trend of upgrading from halogen and argon-to-led lamps is more pronounced in the car and light industry, with many brand applications.
Leed lights, but mostly medium- and high-end ones. Previously, the unit cost of the halogen stage was about $400-600/only, the led stage was upgraded to $800-1,000/only, and the adb phase was expected to reach 2000/only levels.
The same type of suvt-roc sunk down to 150,000 cars, resulting in the whole Star Stock (601799) - high performance growth and a rising penetration of the market of the led downstream. One popup is one of the major customers of the star.
Client cycle-driven product prices rose by nearly 10% in retail sales in 2018-5-4. In addition, firms accelerated the development of smart car lamps, afs already had a batch of gs4; and adb was matching a small batch of autonomous mainframe plants.
Stabilizing old customers, adding new ones. Star-woo's shares represent the company's own brand lights, which have accumulated a wealth of customer resources. The company's main clients until 2017 were a crowd, a toyota, a Volkswagen, a Volkswagen and a Chiri car.
In the first half of the year, they benefited from the Audia 3 major light volume and from a single populist (+8.8 per cent) and the Toyota Volcano (+16.4 per cent) companies, and in the second half they're going to benefit from Troc, Shinyo, q5, Ti Hao, etc.
Xue Xue Rainice upgrades and a completely new accompaniment revenue increase. In order to meet client needs, the company has stepped up its efforts to build capacity.
1.1 million sets of taillights, 1.4 million sets, with one populist Foshan base and other Chinese clients, such as Hiro and Dong Feng, expected to be operational in the second quarter of 2019. The first phase of the project on the S.A.I.E. Park Project has been completed at 18 Mayshan Road, Hefu City, Anhui Province, China.
Work began on the production of lamps and taillights, which are expected to start in the fourth quarter of 2019.
At the same time, less than expected macroeconomic growth and lower than expected market sales in the downstream car industry will contribute to the growth of corporate performance.