The light sank down to the middle of the car, notably on the 20th of August 2018, benefiting from a new public cycle.
Star-woo's share, Star-woo's share (601799).
The company issued a semi-annual performance announcement for 2018, in which it achieved operating income of $2.45 billion, an increase of 22.43 per cent over the reporting period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $300 million, an increase of 32.3 per cent over the same period; and earnings of $1.09 per share, an increase of $0.27 over the same period.
Autonomous car-lighting companies will benefit from a new public cycle. The company is a domestic auto-car-lighting company, the core supplier of a mass, with sales revenue from a single mass accounting for about 35% of the company's operating income in 2017. With a new public-t-roc, explorer, etc. on the market, and cc, Bo, etc., we think that the company will benefit from a new public-driven cycle, with performance starting in the second half of 2018.
In the past, Led was equipped with high-end vehicles of over $250,000, and as a crowd of t-rocs and new treasures came to the market, Led's front-lights were used in mid-end vehicles of around $150,000, their penetration rate would increase significantly, the average price of the company's products would increase significantly, the Māori client group would be strong and new projects would ensure long-term development.
The downward trend in \triangleright also illustrates, on the one hand, the company’s insistence on expanding its new customers and its increasing risk of being affected by a single customer. 2018h1, 47 new projects for the company’s bulk-car light and 35 new projects, of which q5l, all new treasures are moving models, t-roc and asuv, etc.
The company has been focusing on new technology research and development, and has been successful in developing high-resolution imaging smart pre-light systems, matrix adb from its adaptation to distant lights, low-power, energy-efficient led near-lights, and second-generation oled.
At the same time, projects are under way to meet customer matching needs, to strengthen the company’s production profile, and to improve the company’s ability to take on more orders, as well as to improve market competitiveness, with the expected launch of 2019 q2 and q4 respectively. We believe that when productive capacity is released, it will be possible, on the one hand, to reduce transport costs and increase profitability, and, on the other hand, to increase the company’s ability to take on more orders and increase market competitiveness.
\triangleright Yang Jogi, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, on a weekly basis.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have sought to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are for information purposes only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies