The chemical and chemical fibres pta industry has a strong elastic performance and will be a major aromatic aromatics project in the future.
Events: We have recently studied listed companies and exchanged information with the company’s management on the company’s operations and future developments. The Central Gold-Plus Project is the most important contribution to performance.
Development has given rise to a huge demand for px, but for a variety of reasons, domestic capacity has been slow to release, creating a huge supply gap, with an annual supply gap of 12 million tons for the px, only 13.5 million tons for the pta, which needs nearly 9 million tons for the domestic pta industry as a whole.
In the first half of 2016, the net profit was 682 million and the Māori rate was 30%. According to the data, the country ' s largest single aromatic aromatics project produced 1.6 million tons of px and 500,000 tons of pure benzene per year.
Quarterly lime-px price difference of $388 per ton, an increase of $66 per ton from $322 per ton in the same period in 2015, while the four-quarter price difference continued to remain stable, with the total equity/flow (million shares) of aromatic aromatics projects in middle gold
In the country’s 13th Five-Year Plan, px is a priority product in the development of priority sectors. By 2020, the country’s px self-sufficiency planning strategy is expected to be the most important growth point in the company’s future performance.
In view of the continuing improvement in the supply and demand patterns of the pta sector, prices are expected to continue in the context of a rebound in oil prices.
In particular, since the fourth quarter of 2016, the pta market has been in a state of long-overdue tight balance, with profits starting to improve, pta's current state of business is over, pta's bottom is up, pta's work is now full, and the industry's supply and demand patterns will continue.
We expect domestic production to be around 44 million tons in 2017, which will remain at around 4 per cent higher than in 2016, while the Xiaojun petrochemical device is expected to remain difficult to drive in the near future, and the Far East petrochemicals are expected to produce only 1.2 million tons of capacity in April.
Industry has become a typical oligopoly pattern, with the two production capacities of the constant petrochemicals and the gentrified petrochemicals accounting for 60% of China’s production of the pta permanent devices, and the pta products are priced by controlling supply by leading firms. At the same time, companies have a significant advantage in the cost of pta processing because of their size.
The cost is around 450-500 yuan per ton, of which Ningbo process costs 400 yuan per ton, Dalian 450 yuan per ton, Hainan 500 yuan per ton, about 300 yuan per ton below the industry average.
In the context of equity capacity, the company’s pta performance is so elastic that, according to our calculations, the company’s net profit on pta’s operations is $600 million at the present rate of 100 ton per ton, and the petrochemical projects and the China-Goldite petrochemical phase two project are the forward point.
According to the CEP, the total size of the project is 40 million tonnes/year refining capacity, including 10.4 million tonnes of aromatic hydrocarbons and ethylene.
2.8 million tons, with a total investment of $160 billion. One of the projects was built on 20 million tons of refined oil, 5.2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tons of ethylene, with the main products being aromatic hydrocarbons such as px, ethylene, acetylene, polyethylene, polypropene, gasoline, mtbe, etc.
In the future, the Division will have more than 40 million tons of refining capacity and px production capacity of about 12 million tons, which will not only fully guarantee the self-sufficiency of the company's pta production, but will also fill the domestic market.
We expect the company to return to its net profits in 2016 and 2017, respectively, at a net profit of about $2.2 billion for the Pta operation at the current level of profitability.
The net profit is calculated at about 350 million yuan, the net profit from the elixir business at the current average market price is about 250 million yuan, the company ' s total net profit in 2017 is about 2.8 billion yuan, conservatively awarded to 18 xpe, and the company ' s target in 2017 is marketed at $50 billion, and there will be more pebbles in the future.
Injecting the project into the expectations of the listed company platform, the project is expected to become a hundreds of billions of market-valued domestic refining giant, with the risk of a sharp fall in the price of polyester detergent.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.