The company is the largest steel industry base in the northwest.
It has developed 16.5 million tons of iron, steel, and materials per year. The group owns the White Cloud Obo tailings deposit, with a resource of 200 million tons, the rare earth reserve (Oxide) of about 12.8 million tons, and the rare earth reserve is the second largest in the world.
In 2021, the steel industry is expected to improve supply and demand, with supply-side capacity swaps resulting in an additional production capacity of around 1.5 per cent, demand-side benefits from the recovery of manufacturing and the recovery of the offshore economy.
It is also important to note that, with the gradual easing of coke production restrictions and the large increase in non-mainstream mines induced by high mineral prices, the cost end is expected to again contribute dividends, so steel profits are expected to increase considerably.
The company’s tailings resources are developed to produce rare-soil ore rare-soil products for the North only, and the price of the transaction is adjusted according to market prices.
The supply of concentrates will increase, with a double elasticity in profit growth. The rare earth industry is strained in demand and demand. The global demand for the rare earth is concentrated in traditional cars (38%), new energy vehicles (12%), wind power (10%) and trans-frequency air conditioning (8.4%), others.
These include energy-efficient elevators, industrial robots, consumer electronics, and so on. With the rapid growth in the production of new energy vehicles and electric wheels, the growth of long-term installed capacity of wind power, the recovery of consumer electronic demand, etc., the rare earth industries are now in a state of high demand and supply.
The pattern will be more sustainable. pb is at the median level in the steel industry, but pe is significantly lower than the rare earth peer. We use the segment valuation method, in which the steel business takes into account the lack of growth at pb, the rare earth industry.
Iron and steel are valued on the basis of resource attributes and medium- and long-term prospects. Iron and steel are based on the type of packaged steel product (involving sheet, plate, long-wood, steel pipe, iron ore) and the representative division of seven similar operations is selected for comparison, giving a reasonable valuation of 1.0 times; rare earth is based on the valuation score of comparable companies.
It is estimated that, for the first time, the company was given a “buy-in” rating.
The company is the largest industrial base in Mongolia and is mainly engaged in the development of mineral resources, the production and marketing of steel products, such as steel for construction, cold rollers, zinc-plated steel plates, medium-heavy plates, seamless tubes, reorbiting, steel-type products, and minerals such as rare earth ore ore ore ore ore ore ore.
The company is a company made up of companies and public shareholders, with a registered capital of 45,585 million yuan, with 35.28% of the steel group.
State-owned enterprises formed in the eastern part of the country are the largest industrial enterprises in the autonomous regions under the Government’s State Finance Committee. In addition to the shares in the steel packs, the group also has another public name, the Northern rare earth, which it signed with the company in 2017, “Major Orient Mines (with rare soil) with large shareholders,” and enjoys the company’s wealth of mineral resources and other business support.
The company currently has a co-owned 17 companies, all of which operate in connection with the company ' s main business, providing company escorts in areas such as access to mineral resources, production and marketing of steel products, and technology for energy conservation and environmental conservation. The company has developed 16.5 million tons of iron, steel, and materials per year, with the first delivery of 16.5 million tons in May 2019.
In the first half of 2020, the principles of clustering were adhered to by the principles of “smelting iron as the centre” and “effective sale as the basis for the sale of the product” and the disease.
General control and production operations have maintained a steady positive trend. 2020h1 production of 7,139,000 tons of iron, 733.1 million tons of steel, 6.9499 million tons of commodity material, and successful technical difficulties in the production of acid-grade (95 per cent) fluorescent industrialization, with total excess production of major products completing the company's six-monthly progress plan.
There's a lot of countries like Kyouta, Kyouta and Qingzhou Railway.
Hot rolls with rib tubes, hot rolls, tri-gorge works, Qingyang Bridges, four lined rod production lines.
In 2013, the company purchased the company ' s shares in the Balun mine, its mining rights in Bai Yun-O-Bosi mine, its 100% share in the sequestering mine company and its involvement in mining rights.
The company is one of the four largest steel-track production bases in the country, and now has two internationally leading all-powerled steel-rolling lines and a thermal-processed steel-track production line, designed to produce 2.1 million tons of capacity, capable of producing steel-tracking and large-scale material series.
Eurobill, US dollar, target product production capacity, products exported to 25 countries and regions, steel tracks have become a business card for the development of the international market for steel.
The steel industry continued to operate at high prices and production levels throughout the year, despite the impact of the epidemic, and the demand for steel was significantly higher than expected.
1) Iron and steel have no new approved capacity, but it is still expected that some steel production will be released, taking into account the delay in the replacement of capacity, 2) 21 years of growth in global iron ore production, mainly in vale, and in non-mainstream mines as the price of the mine rises, we anticipate an additional capacity of 50-60 million tonnes; domestic import of renewable resources will be liberalized and scrap steel will return naturally
3) With the recovery of manufacturing and the recovery of exports, domestic demand for steel is expected to rise by 4.8% in 21 years, with manufacturing cycles rising. 1) Automotive manufacturing has hit the bottom line. Since the resumption of work in April, the economy has restored consumer confidence to the central and local governments with a “car downtown” policy, with automobile production rising by two times.
Over the past six months, there has been a gradual decline in the volume of automobile sales, which is expected to improve significantly over the 21-year period; and 2) domestic electricity production, which has been warming since June. The global economic recovery and the low electricity consumption in the Central African countries have led to rising domestic electricity consumption, which is expected to continue at a high rate for 21 years.
The construction sector has remained generally stable. 1) Capital growth has slowed steadily over the past two quarters, policy support has been weak and funding has been slow and demand is expected to weaken slightly over 21 years; 2) real estate investment has continued to rebound, with earlier indicators warming, lower market interest rates have been favourable to real estate investment, but policy is still less friendly, and banking system funds have entered real estate.
There was a decline in industry, but real demand is expected over 21 years, taking into account the improvement in the advance indicators. Figure 9: Cumulative year-on-year completion of investment in real estate development (%) Figure 10: Cumulative year-on-year completion of investment in fixed assets in towns and cities (%)
3.1. Control of group tailings deposits and mining plants, location of resource-based enterprises, acquisition of a steel-packing group, a project for the integrated use of the White Yunbo mineral resources, a steel-packing group selection plant and a tailings bank 2015.
This year, the acquisition was completed and transformed into a resource-based enterprise. The Inner Moon Yunbo mine is the largest rare earth mine in the world, with a storage of up to 43 million tons (reo) of iron, rare soil, thorium, sorghum, etc., which is a multi-element symbiosis of iron, rare soil, thorium, and so forth, and consists mainly of three major mining bodies, namely, the main mine, the eastern mine and the western mine.
The main eastern ore produces 12 million tons of ores per year, with a floating selection of 4 million tons of iron ore and 8 million tons of rare earth tailings, of which 8 per cent are graded, while the western ore is dominated by iron ore.
Production base, 12 million tons of annual iron ore disposal capacity. The company signed an agreement with the Packard Group for the supply of exclusive minerals. The company has exclusive rights of purchase of iron ore and related resources in the Bai Yunbo area, which is part of the Packard Group, and the tailings of the minerals supplied by the Packet Group are attributed to the packs after the shares have been selected.
Project for the integrated use of the White Cloud Obo mine: Project for the integrated utilization of the White Cloud Obo mine selected iron-related assets, including iron-selection lines, public support facilities and corresponding tailings deposits, mainly for the production of ore-selected ore ore ore oxides and for the storage of tailings generated. Project for the construction of 6 million tons of ore oxides per year
The iron-capable ore extraction line and the iron-tailing resource combine the production line to produce products such as iron ore, rare earth ore, fluorine ore ore, ore ore ore, ore ore ore, ore ore, ore ore, ore ore ore, ore ore ore ore, ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore, ore ore ore ore ore ore, ore ore ore ore ore ore, ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore.
The tailings are the tailings. The tailings are the tailings are the tailings of the tailings.
As at 30 November 2013, the tailings reserve at the 5th Geological Mineral Survey Development Institute of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region contained 197 million tons of iron, rare earth ore oxides, and strontium ore oxides.
Figure 12: Distribution of the portfolio of steel (2020) 3.2. Resources are reserved for rare soils in the north, and associated transactions are priced
In 2010, the People ' s Government of the Autonomous Region of Mongolia issued a circular on a programme of work for the special correction of the order for the exploitation of scarce earth resources, with the rare earth resources within the Autonomous Region of Inner Mongolia being operated exclusively by the public department of the Packed Steel (group).
The price of the company’s rare earth trade is based on the market price of the rare carbonate, less the cost of producing the rare soil and the average profit of the industry, taking into account such factors as the processing rate. The price of the rare earth produced by the shares of the steel is determined in semi-annual discussions with the rare earth of the North.
Prior to the acquisition of the tailings bank by the company ' s shareholding in steel in 2015, the price of the company ' s association deal for the supply of the Northern rare earth 's rare earth slurry (i.e., the iron-selected tailings that were released into the tailings bank) was $380/tonne. After the acquisition of the tailings bank, the company entered into a contract with the North ' s rare earth in 2017 q1-3, 2017 q4 and 2018, respectively.
The price of rare earth concentrates is $9250, $14,000 and 12,600 (excluding taxes) and, under the rare earth concentrate supply contract signed in the first half of 2020, the company proposes to adjust it to $12,600/ton (dry, reo = 51 per cent) without taxes as of 1 January 2020, with a total trade in rare earth concentrates of 120,000 tons in 2020;
In 2020, the company reduced its income tax rate to 15% through a high-new business certification, and we assumed that the company earned 18% of the tax rate for the whole year 2020. We forecast that in 2020, the net profits from the company’s rare earth were around $800 million.
Since the second half of 2020, rare earth prices have risen significantly, so we expect that associated trade prices will be more likely in the future.
End-of-month increases of 56.8 per cent, 64.0 per cent; metal thallium and thorium oxide prices of 70.8 and 572,000 yuan, respectively, compared to 2020 figure 14: Heavy earth prices (in yuan/kg) 3.4. Rare earth concentrate price increases bring greater profitability elasticities
The company’s profits in rare earth operations are significantly influenced by changes in the prices of rare earth concentrates, which vary more than in the price of the transaction. Based on the average price increase in the carbonate rare earth market, it is assumed that sales will remain constant in 2021. 3.5. Premite supplies will grow with quotas and elasticity will not be insignificant.
While the supply of rare earth concentrates by the company responsible for the epidemic declined significantly in 2020 compared to previous years, with the need to recover as a result of the epidemic and the continued growth of Northern rare earth group quotas, it is expected that the future supply of refined minerals by the company will resume and regulate the rare earth industry by means of the Government ' s annual rare earth mining and smelting-smelting aggregate control targets, starting with the northern rare earth.
Finally, the top quota holders among the country’s six rare earth enterprises. Since 2017, the quota for the rare earth of the North has been growing, with the target for rare earth smelting increasing by 5% in 2020 to 638,000 tonnes; the target for mining increasing by 4% in 2020 to 7.36 million tonnes. The company has signed an agreement with the rare earth of the North on the supply of rare earth.
As a result of the rising trend, the company’s revenue from its rare-earth operations is driven. 4. The rare-earth industry is characterized by tight supply and demand, and the climate rises. 4.1. Policy end: legislative protection, maintenance of aggregate-indicator controls
Our country has a wealth of rare earth resources, with 44 million tons of China's rare earth reserves in 2019, accounting for about 46% of the world's rare earth reserves, and is the world's largest contributor to the excess supply of rare earth in the past. Since 2017, the Ministry of Industry and Communications has organized a rare earth-blacking operation, followed up by rare earth professional invoices, etc.
On January 15, 2021, the Ministry of Industry and Information drafted a rare earth regulation (advisory draft), which refers to the need for legislation to regulate the rare earth industry, in order to regulate the production and operation of rare earth mining, smelting, smelting, etc., and to develop and utilize scarce earth resources in an orderly manner, and to promote quality development in rare earth industries.
This is reflected in “the need to effectively safeguard national interests and industrial security, to regulate the legal order of rare earth production and to improve the system of rare earth management” and in the establishment of a system of checks and inspections.
4.2. The rare earth industry: the new energy + energy-saving and other emerging areas of high growth.
In 2019, the country’s rare earth industry was concentrated in the permagnetic materials industry, which accounted for 75 per cent of the total; then, the catalytic materials, which accounted for 20 per cent of the total. The most dominant is the permafrost.
Longmagnets are materials that maintain constant magnetic properties as soon as they are magnetized. In contrast to other permagnetic materials, rare earth permanence has high performances that are not comparable to those of conventional electro-magnets, and can be made into special electrical units that meet specific operational requirements, and are therefore used mainly in the field of new energy and energy conservation. According to Anteco, 2018
The annual global demand for high-performance antimony is concentrated in automobiles (50%), wind (10%) and air conditioning (9%): in the area of vehicles, 38% of conventional vehicles and 12% of new energy vehicles are in the area of automobiles. The rate of start-up of ferromite magnets exceeds pre-epidemiological levels, indicating higher demand than expected.
In December, we recovered to 68.9% and increased by 12.1% and 41% from the bottom (February 2020). In terms of production, 194,000 tons of iron and iron were produced in 2020, an increase of 10.6%.
(a) The use of magnets for motor vehicles is growing at a high rate, and new energy vehicles are the main areas of growth in the future: the application of platinum-long magnetic materials in the automotive sector includes mainly new energy-driven electric power units and car parts microscopic motors: 1) the power-drivers are one of the three core components of new energy vehicles and currently include permanence.
Two types of electromechanical and three-synchronous electrons, with the advantages of efficiency, high rotation density, low power size and light weight, becoming the mainstream of a new energy car-driven electric power; and (2) microtechnics in vehicle spare parts, which use high-performance iron thorium permagnetic materials, including electric power-propelled transfer systems.
With the increase in our car production and the increasing penetration of spare parts such as ps and abs in cars, the high-performance iron permagnetic materials required in the area of car zero components will increase steadily.
In 2020, the country produced 2.463 million vehicles, or 1.4% of the year; the production of 1456,000 new energy vehicles, or 17.3% of the year-on-year total, was concentrated in the second half of the year 2020. The benefits were the re-launching of “vehicles from the countryside” and the introduction of policies at all levels of government to stimulate car consumption, traditional cars and new energy sources.
New energy vehicles are driven by policy. To follow up on the deployment and requirements of the State Council to foster new and emerging strategic industries and to strengthen energy efficiency and reduction efforts, the central treasury has earmarked funds to support private purchases.
Pilot energy car subsidy. On 2 November 2020, the State Council issued the New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021-2035) (hereinafter referred to as " the Plan " ), which states that by 2025, the average electricity consumption in new vehicles in vehicles fell to 12.0 kWh/100km, and that new vehicles in new energy vehicles were sold.
About 20 per cent of total new vehicle sales, highly auto-drived vehicles leading to restricted areas and specific scenes Commercial applications; by 2035, purely electric vehicles became the mainstream of new vehicles for sale, in the public domain Full electro-dynamicization, commercialization of fuel cell vehicles and scalding of highly auto-drive vehicles
Application to effectively contribute to the increase in the level of energy-saving emission reductions and in the efficiency of social operations. Figure 20: A return of the country ' s motor vehicle production; Figure 21: A 17.3 per cent increase in the production of new energy vehicles in 2020
The transformer is the heart of the air conditioner, whose speed directly affects the efficiency of the air conditioner, which is used to control and adjust the control system for the compressor's speed, thus improving the efficiency ratio. The transformer is one of the important applications of this magnet.
Air conditioners have been growing at a high rate in recent years, with promising long-term prospects for wind power demand. High-performance iron and iron magnets are used mainly for the production of long-magnetic direct wind-drivers, which, compared to double-dips, have a simple structure, low operating and maintenance costs, long service life, and co-connectivity.
Good, efficient, more adaptable to operating in low wind speeds. We have maintained a combined growth rate of about 15% over the last decade.
We predict that by 2025 our demand will be 123,000 tons; of this amount, high-end demand will reach a policy limit on the supply of rare soil, with multiple peaks of demand causing overall supply and demand stress in the rare earth industry;
Since the resumption of work, the manufacturing sector has been warming up, with demand-driven promotion of alloys and the start-up rate of oxidium, which began at 60.0 per cent and 68.5 per cent, respectively, in December 2020. Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
1) Benefit demand-driven, corporate downstream traditional manufacturing and new energy sources, energy-saving landscape uplifts to steel, 2) company tailings projects are stable. The company’s main business consists of steel and rare earth operations, and we value the company by segment valuation method: 1) steel.
Due to the lack of growth, we do analysis based on pb; 2) rare earth operations are based on the value of resources, long-term prospects, using the pe-based approach as a reference. Given the abundance of the steel product lines, which cover cold swings, heat swings, medium plate, long materials, steel tubes, and so on,
With a higher rate of self-sufficiency of iron ore, compared to the companies, we have selected seven companies (bore and steel shares, Wallin and steel, South steel shares, saddle steel shares, river and steel resources, three steel lights, pine and pine), each of which covers each of the broad categories mentioned above and is representative of the industry, with an average pb of 1.19.
The cost of iron ore is higher, giving a conservative valuation of 1.0 times the reasonable market value of the iron and steel business of $52.9 billion. The rare earth business plate is valued at $704-908 million. Based on the sensitivity analysis of the volume of price swaps and associated transactions above, \checkmark
The net profit from rare earth operations is between 17.6 and 2.27 billion yuan. Compared to rare earth companies, which are only rich and resource and rare in the North, considering the relatively small sample of profit projections for rare earth in the North, we value them closer to abundance and resources, which is 40 times the price, corresponding to a reasonable market value of 704 to 908 million yuan for rare earth operations.
(b) And the company is now clearly below its fair market value and is therefore covered for the first time, giving the company a “buy-in” rating. 1) The rare earth, steel, and steel industries demand less than expected. The landscape logic of the rare earth and steel industries is demand-driven.
The price increases due to the rigidity of the cumulative supply. If the output of cars, engineering machinery and new energy vehicles, variable-frequency air conditioning, etc., is not as popular as expected, this will have a negative impact on the company’s operations. (2) The rare earth quota is too predictable.
The unwinding of expectations will have a negative impact on the company’s operations. 3) The expansion of steel production is more than expected. If the domestic steel production is delivered beyond expectations, the increase in steel supply will have an impact on steel prices and on the company’s revenues.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board