Performance growth is higher than expected, and national chips are either about to hit the investment boom - semi-annual report of Mid-Cryser International (688981) - date: 02/09/2020
The country's integrated circuits industry, the leading industrial company in China, represents the most advanced state-of-the-art technology.
The capital fund has limited shares in its second phase, and has already achieved a 14nm technological node, taking advantage of its policy advantages, forming a joint venture plant, and further expanding its capacity. The high demand for advanced processes will further boost supply capacity and speed up the high-end core.
Performance growth is higher than expected: corporate operating income and net return profits are re-innovated as a result of higher sales volumes and higher average sales prices. The number of sales crystals increased from 2.4 million during the same period the previous year.
The market value of a share in circulation (millions of dollars) is more than twice as high as expected, but the subsequent stock price performance has been less than satisfactory. The performance report for the first half of the year is expected to change the stock price performance of a stock when it is marketed and restores market confidence.
It is worth noting that the US technical ban on Huaifor/Heath may affect the ability of companies to produce, build, or build, a national-owned conglomerates, and the scale effect highlights the fact that companies are the largest, most technologically advanced, multi-nationally well-serviced, professional crystalline industrial enterprises in China.
It's one of the world's leading integrated circuit-crystal-crystal-crystal-cylinder industries.
The company took advantage of its policy advantage to form a joint venture in Beijing (51% of the company’s share: it plans to produce 100,000 after completion of the project).
_aaa_Crystal International (688981) first-time coverage, which may have economies of scale.
With the rise of industry, the demand for advanced high-end chips in the electronics sector has surged. Thanks to the huge summer’s clean market demand, the rich demographic dividend, steady economic growth and favourable national production,
The Chinese integrated circuit industry has been able to develop rapidly, thanks to such advantages as the industry policy environment.
As opposed to the Euro-American countries, China’s integrated circuit industry started late, facing nearly three times the country’s supply and demand gap, and the country’s chip technology is difficult to meet advanced process demands at the high end. The company, as the lead worker of the Crystal Dragon, has a unique technological advantage, and has great market potential.
Risk factors: less than expected risks of technological innovation, increased risks from competition in the industry, external technology