The demand in the 5g and iot areas downstream is high, and the profitability of the 28nm nodes is expected to improve continuously - an event review of the Cooperation Framework Agreement with the Beijing Development Regional Council, which was jointly concluded and signed by the company and the Beijing Economic Technology Development Regional Council on 31 July 2020
The project is divided into two phases: (a) the project ' s final capacity to produce 100,000 1/2 inches per month; and (b) the project ' s second phase will be launched in due course in accordance with the needs of its clients and the market.
The principal is proposed at $5 billion, of which the median core international contribution is proposed at 51 per cent, and the remaining funds will be co-financed by the company and the North Kyoto Development Authority to facilitate the completion of other third-party investors.
The surge in demand for 28/22nm nodes for communications and consumer-type products revealed a significant increase in capacity utilization of 40-22nm in the first half of the year, with companies planning to expand by 12x and 12a.
28-22nm. 40nm products are mainly related to wireless applications, while 28/22nm applications 5g, iot accelerate demand for 28nm nodes, and the profitability is expected to improve continuously. 28nm nodes are considered to be overcapacity, which also results in 28nm line profitability.
But as the demand for 5g, iot, and data centres continues to grow, and the epidemic is dramatically changing people’s office and living habits, the industry has begun to re-examine 28-22nm nodes and product needs. This framework agreement is intended to expand the capacity of more than 28nm, we believe 5g,
The demand for products above 22 nm in the iot and data centres is likely to exceed industry expectations, the epidemic accelerates the development process in the Hegemuai industry, the profitability of the current 28 nm node is expected to improve continuously, and the demand for 28 nm needs to be renewed.
The company's advanced process is gradually being scaled up, and the less profitable 28nm line is expected to be continuously improved and the mature process is not at risk; the new process technology is not as capable of climbing as expected; and external shocks have led to the market The author has either a qualification in portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.