Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre performance summary: companies disclose 2020q2 performance and 2020q2 collect $940 million, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the same period.
• Indicators are improving seasonally, and demand for maturity is strong. Corporate indicators are improving seasonally, with revenues increasing by 18.7 per cent over the same period and by 3.7 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate is increasing by 7.4 pp over the same period, the ring is increasing by 0.7 pp over the same period, the productive capacity is mainly due to the high demand for mature technology applications platforms, and consumer electronic income growth is significant.
The epidemic accelerates the demand for chips in the country’s downstream application landscape, and catalyses the rapid development of the integrated circuit industry. With the impact of the epidemic, the demand for home-based economy-led terminals has increased, and smart phones, flat boards, and wearables have increased.
The demand for chips, such as equipment and aiot household products, has driven the entire industrial chain, and the center core of this industry has benefited from it as a crystal round worker. With future demand for downstream products like automobiles and electronics coming out, companies will further develop opportunities.
The company completes 12 inches of chip sn1, advanced and mature process research and development projects, mature process production lines projects, etc., in line with the strategic positioning layout that it does not have. With the impact of the epidemic, construction needs such as 5g, idc, and aiot are high.
The largest, most technologically advanced, integrated circuit crystal-crys generation industry in the interior will continue to benefit from the rising demand for outbreaks in countries such as smart phones, smart cars, object networks, space engineers, satellite communications, etc.
At the same time, services meet the needs of overseas clients, and we keep looking at the future of the company for the long term, giving the company a high rate of growth in capital spending; less than expected supply of critical equipment; faster turnover of industry technology.
The company is the world’s leading ICD industry, and is the most advanced, large-scale, well-equipped, multi-nationally-operated, multi-technology node of 0.35 micrometres to 14 nanometers, integrated ICDs and support services for different process platforms. In addition to the ICD industry, China is the central core country.
It is also working to develop a platform-based eco-service model that provides clients with design services and one-stop packages such as ip support, photo masking, block processing and testing, and promotes upstream-downstream cooperation in the integrated circuits industry chain, working with partners across the industry chain to provide clients with a full range of integrated circuit solutions.
The proportion of workers working in the crystal circle in 2020q2 is 90.9%. The remaining photo masks, crystal tests and other industries account for only 9.1%. The company's main business is the crystal circle, while the rest of the photo masks, crystal circle tests and other operations are open to one-stop service for customers, while promoting the upstream and downstream cooperation of the integrated circuits industry chain to provide the client with the full range of services.
The need to expand the scale of the microchip downstream applications (smart phones, access to things, car electronics, etc.) has accelerated over the years, and a robust growth in public revenue is expected in the future.
The rapid development of motor vehicles, material networking, material networking, etc., is expected to be sustained over the next three years, assuming an overall target for the next three years Scenario 2: assuming that other major operations, such as company photo masks, crystal circle tests and crystal round processing, are maintained at the same rate of growth, while other major operations, such as photo masks, crystal circle tests and so forth, maintain their Māori level at 40 per cent.
We have chosen as comparable companies the Taiwan company, which is also an integrated circuit crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crylic-crypting-crystal-crypting-crystal-crypting-crylic-cooling-cooling-crylic-crylic-cryp-cooling-cooling-cooling-crypting-cooling-cool-cooling-cool-cooling-cool-cool-cooling-cool-cool-cooling-cooling-cooling-cooling-cooling-cooling-cooling-cooling-cooling-cooling-cooling-cool, based on the current development phase of the reference station valuation.
Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is qualified in securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.