Launching 10 years of national semiconductor development of gold, benefiting the entire industrial chain to accelerate growth - on the occasion of the State Department's launch of the " Selected Policies " , the State Department's publication of the " New Times for the Promotion of Quality Development in the Integrated Circuit Industry and Software Industry " .
The Policy proposes eight parties to further optimize the environment for the development of the integrated circuit industry and the software industry, to deepen international industrial cooperation, to upgrade the capacity and quality of industrial innovation, and to develop fiscal, investment, research and development, export/import, talent, intellectual property rights, market applications, international cooperation, etc.
The policy benefits the whole industrial chain of integrated circuits, and supports the development of national production semiconductors to the maximum extent possible. In terms of fiscal relief, the largest support is given to semiconductor manufacturing, followed by design, containment, materials and equipment.
In addition to the tax benefits, there are a number of ways to support industrial development. In general terms, the policy sets out the greatest degree of commitment and commitment of the state to promote semiconductor industries.
The rise of Chinese-American frictions has led to the emergence of national firms and priority benefits for industry leaders, and the upgrading of domestic industries has forced local firms to accelerate their development. From the links in the industrial chain, the design of ic and the encapsulation tests have basically moved to a mature stage of development, with better profitability and skill.
This phase is characterized by the growth of crystal-crystal manufacturing, equipment and materials, unstable profits, high capital costs, and deep-seated reports from the international community: the hope of national ownership, high R & D inputs, etc., which are characterized by high barriers to entry and exit in the semiconductor sector.
The leading companies in the chain have benefited the most from the policy.
Given that the policy benefits the semiconductor whole-industry chain, it is recommended that attention be paid to the leading firms in the subsectors.
Touring cooperative enterprises. It is recommended that attention be paid to 1) special process taps with a rainbow semiconductor; 2) power semiconductor tapic design.
ic Design: Double dividend on the chosen track when the national product is right The implementation of the policy has fallen short of expectations; the risk of external shocks; and the pace of technological development has fallen short of expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.