What's the point of calculating the market value of the center core?
Since the company was listed on the market, the price difference between the market and the market value of the market value of the market was greater, the market value of the different market value calculations varied considerably, and the value of the total stock* at the local value level, since the company was listed on both sides of the market on July 16th.
= The total market value is calculated in a reasonable manner. The total stock and share price are determined and there are no differences in the market.ah There are two separate market value calculations.
Based on market value formula: market value = equity*, with four types of market value calculation: total market value 1 = Port equity* Port equity +a equity *a share value = HK$1.1086 million (exchange rate) = HK$319.7 million.
The calculation logic of the total market value: the market value of the company’s share in a share issue is calculated separately from the market value of the shares in h, since the company’s share in a stock issue is currently not connected.The calculation logic of the total market value: while the shares in a stock in a stock issue are not interchangeable, the company’s income, profits, and eps’ financial reporting data do not vary because of the change in the market location because the share price in a stock in a company is too different ($82.92 vs. 28.75), which results in a much different calculation of market value in a market value in a market value in a market value in a market in a market in a company.
The calculation of market value 2 is more reasonable because the same company has the same financial disclosure data in different markets, so we believe that the calculation of market value 2 is more logical (total equity* local share price)
= total market value), which is the same as assuming that the equity in another market is not in circulation.2 Following the closing of the market value on 16 July, the market value of China-Chole International is as follows:
Government-led investment in the semiconductor industry is a success story, and Japan and South Korea are all government-led investment in semiconductor manufacturing. In 1983-1987, Korea implemented the semi-carrier industrial revitalization program, and the Korean government promoted the economic development model of the “Government + big consortium.” In 1970-1985, Japan introduced the “national system”
II. Why is the semiconductor chain different from other industries, with semiconductor manufacturing links of the highest value? Because the semiconductor industry is a process-manufacturing technology-driven industry, while other industries are design-driven, brand-driven industries.
III. The 14nm of CKI now meets 95% of chip surrogates, and will they all move to 7nm, 5nm? The cost of advanced design processic design is increasing, and design companies cannot afford to move in terms of cost and benefit. For example, the cost of design of the 7nm chip exceeds $300 million, the cost of developing gpu is $1.5 billion, and the products and companies that can use the 7nm process are scarce.
Design companies move to 7 nm/5nm, and there will be no surrogate plant to do less than 7 nm/5nm processes, such as Grovend, where the U.S.C. has abandoned 7 nm research and development.
Fifth, semiconductor plants are the first to make money, the second to make no loss, and the third to lose money, and the China-Chole International is as unprofitable as the panel. China-Crystal International is the first in China, and the United States’ restriction of China-Classed Semiconductor development has contributed to the growth of China-Crysing International, and the United States has limited global dragons to compete with China-Chole International.
Thus, it is equivalent to China’s development independently of the global market, with China’s first semiconductor surrogate in mainland China making money. Moreover, semiconductor manufacturing technology is more difficult, competition barriers are much higher than panels, and China’s first market position in the country is stable, especially with advanced processes that do not lead to price wars, while the panels are globally competitive and prone to price wars.
First, not every company can sustain $28 billion ($4 billion) of capital spending. Second, if there is enough money, without the core figure and the core technology, it will not be able to do an advanced process, and China’s introduction of Liang Meng-song is already 14 nm.
Then, in terms of advanced programming, China’s mainland supports the China-Cholel International family enough not to have, and not to be, capable of, creating another China-Cholel International. So, in the visible absence, China-Cholel International’s leading position on China’s mainland is unshakeable, if added, at least beyond the current investor’s career.
First, 14 nm does not use euv. Second, it is possible to do 7 nm without euv. In the end, the US restrictions on equipment imports are not long term, and the restrictions will be lifted as national production breaks through. In the case of eda software, the 1993 home-grown eda panda came to life, and the international embargo on eda was lifted in 1994.
The company’s quarterly reports are issued with guidance on the next quarter’s income and Maori rates, and guidance is generally accurate. With a deep understanding of the semiconductor industry, it is entirely possible not to study frequently, not to talk to the company’s top, to maintain communication with them, and to see that the company’s financial returns are sufficient to invest in China’s international investments.
How can a short-term international price be set for the center core? Phase I — a valuation of the global semiconductor plant, the higher the pb based on industry valuation logic, the higher the Māori rate, the 26 per cent of the current Māori ratio corresponds to the pb valuation, Phase II — followed by a five-fold pb for the center core micropower (the semiconductor plant) of the mark plate after the mid core international panel.
Phase III – a/h convergence of valuations, with an international valuation of the central core of the port unit being aligned to the starting board. With nearly 40% of the central core stock being bought southwards, and nearly 80% of the large shareholder shareholdings, the central core is home-owned. It can be said that the price of a/h below the plate will converge, the Hong Kong stock price will benefit, and the Port share pb valuation will increase from 2.6 to 5 times.
Assuming that only 14 nm is considered, the company plans to build two 12-inch plants in the future, with a monthly capacity of 35,000 units.
The two barriers to “finance + technology” ensure a leading position, and maintain the “buy-in” rating, and because of the high overlap of investors in the investment, a/h International’s a/h valuations will converge. The company’s technology as a semiconductor sub-worker follows, and a break in the technology node will be key, looking at the company’s technology first, looking at income, and, ultimately, at profit.
First, domestic chip design companies have reduced demand for surrogates; second, the 14nm process has not progressed as expected; and third, global production has slowed, affecting the company's Māori rate.Appendix: We have published the recommended depth report, the points assessment report, and the selected topics of the report: Two Representatives of the Cow City in this Wheel - Mid-Chu International and the China Rainbow Semiconductor 2020-07-03
The Year of Semiconductor Manufacturing, Purchased and Firmly Held Middle-Crystal International and China Rainbow Semiconductor 2020-06-23 China Rainbow Semiconductor-01347.hk: Taking the special process road to make the most profitable semiconductor-based plant 2020-06-03 Buying Semiconductor, Buying the China-Crystal International 2020-05-13
14th of the Semiconductor Industrial Chain Study Series: A Persistence War against Semiconductors 2020-02-24, China Rainbow Semiconductor - 01347.hk - Starting Revenues from Tinless Plants 2020-02-13, Semiconductor Thematic Study X: Five Challenges in Semiconductor Manufacturing 2020-02-12
Semiconductor Thematic Study III: Combination of the semiconductor manufacturing industrial chain 2020-02-11. Middle Core International - 00981.hk - Critical Events Rapid Review: Re-underesting Core Assets, Central Core International from Underestimation to Rational Valuation 2020-01-16. Middle Core International - 00981.hk - Critical Events Rapid Review: China for Heath ' s Out-of-Sale Chip Profited Medium Cube International 2020-01-10.
Mid-Crystal International - 00981.hk - National Production Alternatives for Increased Productive Utilisation 2019-11-12. Central-Crystal International - 00981.hk - Semi-conductor Subconductor Lead for Workheads 2019-09-16. Science and Technology Business Model Topic I: Global Science and Technology Business Model - Regional Edition 20200327.
Science and Technology Business Model II: The Semiconductor Business Model to “Democracy” 2020-04-17. Science and Technology Business Model III: The Semiconductor Model of the “Full Economy” 2020-06-05 Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions