It's a big event, and it's more valuable than Kuo-Tao in Guizhou.
Wang Xueheun is more valuable than Guizhou's courtyard. Alternatively, it is as irreplaceable and impossible to replicate. At the same time, it is scarce.
From the point of view of the time that society needs to work, the value of the center core is greater than that of the capital. Eight hundred years ago, we fought for the 14nm advanced process of the center core.
The same assets are priced at different prices in different markets, so it is also possible that China-Crystal International’s valuation exceeds that of the Dragon-Crystal Power. The Cystal stock price: the technology and size of China-Crystal is less than that of China-Crystain International, the relative reasonable valuation of China-Crystal-Cys International should be greater than China-Cysilence, and on July 15, China-Chu-Chi-Cysil is 6.9 times the price of pb, which is only 2.11 times the price of pb after this excess collection, and there is at least three times the amount of space available for Tsing-Chu-Chu, the corresponding shares.
Ports’ share price: As a result of a convergence of investors and a convergence of shares, Hong Kong’s share price will be matched to the market’s share price. In terms of value, the social work time necessary for the advanced process is more than the time necessary for the brewing of alcohol.
One year of the production cycle, with two drops, nine distillations, eight fermentations, seven picks, over a year, other competitors pay more time than they need and cannot produce the same white wine. Similarly, the 14nm advanced process of China-King International takes more than 500 processes, and it took more than three years since Liang Meng-song took up his post in 2017 to officially develop the 14nm advanced process.
From a longer point of view, 800 years ago, we made Guozhou Maotai, but China did not have the first 14 nm until 2019. So, in terms of the necessary working hours of society, the value of China Harbour International is more than the value of Guo Dai.
In the field of semiconductor sub-employability, there is no alternative to China-Chole International, because huge financial and high-tech barriers are impossible to replicate. With the presence of China-Chole International, the rich gold owners will not invest in an advanced competition.
Because of the scarcity of semiconductor replacements in mainland China, and the restrictions imposed on Chinese semiconductors in the United States, China Hari International can raise the same assets within the same range as Maotai in Guizhou, with different values (prices) in different markets, the cost of apple phones and high-end cars in the country is more expensive than abroad, because even if we pay more time to work, we can't produce the same kind of product.
Similarly, on a global scale, China and China do not have as much power as industry and industry, but on mainland China, China and China lack a priceless treasure. So it is possible for China and China to value more than dragon power.
Can I, Government investment, Subsidized Heart International do it? There are successful examples of government-led investment in the semiconductor industry, and Japan and Korea are government-led investment in semiconductor manufacturing.
In 1970–1985, Japan introduced a “national system”-driven “massive integrated circuit technology research package” that laid the foundation for Japan’s semiconductor industry. II, why is the semiconductor chain different from other industries, with semiconductor manufacturing links of the highest value?
Because the semiconductor industry is a process-manufacturing technology-driven industry, other industries are design-driven, brand-driven industry-driven.
With $300 million, 3nm developed gpu at a cost of $1.5 billion, with few products and companies that can use the 7nm process. So, there are no more chip companies that move to 7nm/5nm, or sub-plants that do less than 7nm/5nm, such as Grovend, where combined electricity has abandoned 7nm research and development.
The center core is in need of demand, production capacity, and is expanding rapidly 14 nm production capacity. First, other companies in the country will be able to meet demand, e.g. purple light, bits, and so on. Second, maturation to 14 nm, e.g. power management, blue teeth, wifi, etc.
China Harbour International is the first in China, and the United States’ restriction on China’s semiconductor development has contributed to China’s growth, and it is the US’s restriction of global leadership against China’s international competition. So, it is equivalent to China Harbour’s development independently of the global market, and China Harbour International, as China’s first semiconductor sub-employer in mainland China, will make money.
How long can 6 and China’s leading position on mainland China remain? The two barriers to “money-plus-technology” are guarantees of China’s leading position, and, first of all, not every company can sustain $28 billion ($4 billion) of capital spending.
Second, if there is enough money, without the core figure and the core technology, there will be no advanced process, and China-King-Sun-Song has already taken over 14 nm. At the end of the day, China-Change has given China-Change-Change support to the Chinese-Chu-Chu International family in the advanced process, and it is not necessary or able to build another China-Chu-Chu-Chu International.
First, 14 nm can't use euv. Second, you can do 7 nm without euv. Finally, the US restrictions on the import of equipment will not be long-term, and will be lifted as the home-grown luminators break.
How can we keep track of China’s middle core international and forecast performance? The company’s quarterly reports are issued every quarter with guidance on the next quarter’s income and Maori rates, and guidance is generally accurate.
To understand, it is entirely possible not to study regularly, not to have to talk to the top of the company, to maintain communication with the ir, and to see that the company’s financial statements are sufficient to invest in China’s international efforts. 9 How can the short-term pricing of China’s international investments be made? First phase – the valuation of the global semiconductor plant, the higher the pb, according to the industry’s valuation logic, the higher the Māori rate, the 26% of the current Māori ratio corresponds to the pb valuation.
Phase II - five times the pb for China-Cycle (semiconductor-based plant) after the middle core international panel. Phase III - a/h convergence of valuations, with an international valuation of the core in the port. Nearly 40% of the Chinese-Cycle international holdings, combined with large shareholder holdings, are home-owned. It can be said that the middle-Cycle international is now home-based, so a/h pricing will converge after the plate, and the Hong Kong stock price will be paid.
If only 14 nm is considered, the company plans to build two 12-inch plants in the future, with a monthly capacity of 35,000.
The lubricant ratio is assumed to reach 30 per cent (37 per cent net profit rate for power generation 2020q1). The two barriers to “finance + technology” ensure the status of a leader and maintain the “buy-in” rating, as the company is about to land on the prototype, it is expected to value the tender (pb 5 times). In addition, the company's technological strength and size are greater than that of China.
A five-fold pb valuation would be reasonable. Because of the high overlap of investors in the investment, a/h in the center core would converge, and five times the pb in the port’s equity.
First, domestic chip design companies have reduced demand for surrogates; second, the 14nm process has not progressed as expected; and third, global production has slowed, affecting the company's Māori rate.Appendix: We have published the recommended depth report, the points assessment report, and the selected topics of the report: Two Representatives of the Cow City in this Wheel - Mid-Chu International and the China Rainbow Semiconductor 2020-07-03
The Year of Semiconductor Manufacturing, Purchased and Firmly Held Middle-Crystal International and China Rainbow Semiconductor 2020-06-23 China Rainbow Semiconductor-01347.hk: Taking the special process road to make the most profitable semiconductor-based plant 2020-06-03 Buying Semiconductor, Buying the China-Crystal International 2020-05-13
14th in the semiconductor industry chain series: A sustainable war on semiconductors 2020-02-24, 11th in the semiconductor industry chain series: Why semiconductors are a wave of events 2020-02-21, China Rainbow semiconductor - 01347.hk - Starting revenue from tinless plants 2020-02-13
Semiconductor Thematic Study X: Semiconductor Manufacturing Five Focal Points 2020-02-12. Middle Core International - 00981.hk - Critical Events Expedition: Recovering Core Assets from Underestimation to Rational Valuation 2020-01-16. Middle Core International - 00981.hk - Critical Events Expedition: China ' s Heath Exploited Chip Profiting Medium Cube International 2020-01-10.
Mid-Crystal International - 00981.hk - National Production Alternatives for Increased Productive Utilisation 2019-11-12. Central-Crystal International - 00981.hk - Semi-conductor Subconductor Lead for Workheads 2019-09-16. Science and Technology Business Model Topic I: Global Science and Technology Business Model - Regional Edition 20200327.
Science and Technology Business Model II: The Semiconductor Business Model to “Democracy” 2020-04-17 Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, analytical logic based on his professional understanding, and by reasoning and drawing conclusions, aim for objectivity and fairness