Since the rise of the new financial technology giant, the new demand for regtech and fintech by financial institutions has emerged: on the one hand, due to compliance.
Business systems need to be updated and upgraded to keep pace with regulatory policy changes; on the other hand, business upgrading requires the ability to hope for innovative technologies.
In the past three years, more than 70% of cagr has been collected. We believe that the financial-it industry has high professional barriers, high customer stickyness, and companies are leading the industry and cutting edges, and that future leadership will be strengthened.
In view of the rise of the international giant fis, we believe that the competitive power of financialit enterprises is a three-pronged combination of product, operational and ecological power. For permanent life, the company relies on a qualitative approach.
The leading market position (core product markets with 50-90 per cent), years of industry understanding (22 years of business experience), deep technological accumulation (40 per cent R & D as a percentage) have created high barriers to product and operational capacity, while in ecological construction, companies are shifting from closed business expansion patterns in the past to open, cooperative ones.
Models; in quantitative terms, we believe that the ecological value of the financialit company at this stage depends on the number of clients, the number of scenes, the frequency of product use, the extent of big data excavations, the value of single customers, the number of platform users, the capital bar, seven factors.
Four million, the financial services platform gtn has accumulated more than 30,000 developers, services 1,000+ financial institutions, and continues to push the ecological landscape through foreign investment. We believe that, after years of sedimentation, the company’s product power, operating power, and building ecology are the most likely financial-it firms to grow into hundreds of billions of dollars.
In contrast, Fis, one of the world’s largest providers of financial-it solutions, has a global client base of 130+ countries, covering hundreds of business scenes in major financial areas, and buys dozens more.
With revenue of $8.2 billion and a market value of $37 billion, 17 times more and 5.5 times more than ever. In the domestic financial sector, it is clear that both traditional business positions and the creation of a new business set-up lead are the most likely companies in the next fis to grow in space.
Large. In the long run, we believe that by attracting ecological partners to join, and by using ecological forces to develop, it is an efficient way to make a permanent leap forward, and that landscape and eco-development will become the core of the company’s future.
Internal management has not improved as expected; regulatory policies have fallen short of expectations; innovation technologies have not developed as expected; financial institutions have not spent as much as expected; companies have invested abroad and cooperated with ants in gold uniforms have not been as effective as expected; and investments have been exposed to the risk of fluctuations in earnings as a result of the impact of “continuous network events”.
1. Three factors drive the long-term development of the financialit sector with great potential: 1.1 There is still room for significant upgrading and optimization of the total expenditure and structure of domestic financial institutions. Currently, there are still significant differences between domestic and foreign financial institutions in terms of information-based inputs.
Foreign banking institutions account for more than 6% of their annual information-processing expenditure, while domestic securities companies account for less than 4% of their investment in IT according to the Chinese Securities Association. At present, the regulatory level is paying more attention to the development of information on financial institutions.
In addition, indicators for information systems development inputs are included for the first time in the classification evaluation of securities companies.
In addition, the ratio of expenditure on software and services in the domestic financial sector is still significant. For example, the ratio of investment in hardware in the domestic banking sector is now up to 50%, while, according to gartner, the ratio of investment in hardware in the United States banking sector is only 15% in the long term.
China’s rising ratio of spending on banking software and services is an inevitable trend, implying that there is still much room for upgrading the financialit solution city. 1.2 regtech: the “normative” and “innovation” trends in financial regulation continue to increase market space.
1.2.1 The tightening of regulatory policies, the normativeization of financial markets, which is expected to bring about 1.8 to 2.7 billion incremental market space, the 2015 equity disaster as a turning point in financial tightening, and the intensive introduction of regulatory bodies such as the CVM, the Silver Insurance Supervisory Board, etc., a series of regulatory policies and sectoral regulations, the regulatory thinking of which has moved from encouraging innovation to a steady pace of progress in 2016.
Over the course of the compliance year, “regulating by law, under strict supervision, and under comprehensive supervision” has become the overarching theme of financial regulation and has become the dominant theme in the development of the financial sector. From a financial-it perspective, changes in regulatory policy have had a mixed impact on the subdivisions, including the “New Regulations on Regulation” issued by the three branches of the Board.
The greatest boost to the industry has been provided by the Financial Institutions Asset Management Practice Guidance, which, with the issuance of the official draft and guidance in 2018 and the gradual landing of the accompanying rules, is expected to generate 1.8 to 2.7 billion incremental market space for the financialit industry, the logic of which is as follows:
(b) Netize management by requiring financial institutions that do not include asset management operations to establish financial management subsidiaries with independent corporate status.2 The first aspect above mainly affects bond dealers, fund risk compliance and front-end sales systems, from demand.
At the end of the spectrum, the need for systems adaptation in stock: the second area mainly affects the asset management operations of banks and, at the end of the demand, is the need for incremental systems construction.3 Statistics of internal bond dealers, funds, trusts, banks, insurance, futures and futures companies and forecasts the number of bank finance companies
1.2.2 The new regulatory cycle has opened, financial system innovation has further expanded the industrial space. Since the second half of 2018, the regulatory environment has undergone significant marginal changes and strong regulatory policies have become lax.
For example, President Xi Jinping took place on 5 November 2018.
At the opening ceremony of the first China International Import Fair, 65 enterprises were listed as at 12 April.
In addition, the costs of upgrading and upgrading will be millions of dollars. Such innovations are expected to continue as China’s financial system reform deepens and financial markets unfold.
Open up to the outside world and open up the growth ceiling. Last year, at the opening of the Bojong Asia Forum, President Xi Jinping made the opening of the Kim-eun industry the top priority of the expansion, followed by the President's presentation of concrete measures and timetables for opening China's financial sector to the outside world, following which the relevant regulatory bodies put in place policies, banking, insurance, securities, etc.
We believe that the opening up of China’s financial sector will have a greater impact on the financial sector’s output in two ways: on the one hand, the increase in customer capacity. The liberalization or cancellation of the foreign share of financial institutions would facilitate the entry of more foreign institutions into the country, such as the CSRC’s capping the foreign share of securities companies.
By the end of April 2019, two new foreign stockholders (Morgan Chase, Nomura Oriental) had been approved by the CSRC after 51%. This means an increase in the capacity of potential customers for the financialit industry: the other side is an increase in demand from stock customers. The internationalization of China’s financial markets means that domestic financial institutions will be more focused.
The construction of heavy-it systems to improve competitiveness implies enhanced cooperation among stock customers in the financialit industry. 1.3fintech: “Clouds” and “intellectualization” are inevitable trends in the development of the financial sector. 1.3.1 Clouds are the core vehicles of innovative technologies and will become the infrastructure of the financial sector.
Cloud computing is the basis on which financial institutions use financial technology to make digital operations. As the dimensions and complexity of data grow exponentially, the management and application of data becomes more difficult, thus affecting financial institutions’ business potential and innovation, and the cloud-based IT architecture enhances their agility to development and is highly scalable, while at the same time enabling
To provide an environment for the application of innovative technologies such as big data, artificial intelligence, etc., can effectively achieve efficiency gains for financial institutions. According to idc, leading financial institutions using cloud calculations can reduce infrastructure spending by 25% over the next three years, and cloud computing associated with scientific and technological inputs will be a major investment and innovation burden for financial institutions.
The financial cloud has become an industry consensus in terms of the positioning and development of foreign giants’ cloud operations. Fis argues that the financial sector will be increasingly demanding speed and flexibility, and financial institutions are accelerating the migration of locally deployed resolution programmes to hosting clouds to quickly access technology to serve their clients.
Fis considers cloud computing to be one of the most important development strategies and has continued to build a cloud-based architecture since then. By the end of 2018, fis had relocated about 50% of North American operations to clouds, and plans to move 65% of global operations to clouds by the end of this year.
In terms of domestic policy orientation and the industrial environment, the financial cloud has the basis for large-scale applications. First, regulatory policies explicitly support the development of the financial cloud.
In the Guidance for Networking + Action, financial institutions are explicitly encouraged to explore the use of cloud service platforms for financial core operations; in 2016, the Banking Supervisory Board issued China's “13th Five” Development Plan for Banking Information Technology (for comments), which is scheduled to be completed by the end of the 13th Five-Five.
Moving to the cloud computing architecture platform, other systems are migrating at no less than 60%: the 2017 China People's Bank “13th Five-Year Development Plan for Information Technology in China’s Financial Industry” proposes to steadily advance research on the application of system architecture and cloud computing techniques. Policy orientation continues to favour the spread and application of financial clouds.
Second, the financial cloud industry has matured, and the demand for financial institutions has increased. On the supply side, traditional financial-it companies such as Hensen Electronics, banking institutions such as technology subsidiaries such as cash, emerging financial-technology giants such as ant gold, Internet-based technology companies such as 100 degrees, and, on the demand side, based on research from the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology.
By March 2018, more than 87% of financial institutions were applying, or were planning to apply, cloud computing technology to reduce deployment times, save costs, and raise the demand for finance. The current model of deployment of domestic financial clouds is based on self-employment, industry, and business opportunities.
According to the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, nearly 70% of the 161 financial institutions in the country that already use cloud computing technology have built a cloud platform using a self-built, private cloud model, and 19% have purchased industrial cloud services provided by specialized gold-melting industry cloud service providers. According to idc, China’s financial sector was covered by cloud expenditure in 2018.
Nearly $1 billion, projected to grow by more than 50% in 2019. We believe that private and industrial clouds will remain the dominant mode of deployment of financial clouds in the long run, and that future large-scale data, artificial intelligence, and saas exports through rapid financial cloud development will be the main development opportunities for financial-intelligence enterprises.
The financial sector is a fertile ground for i-applications, and the efficiency of product services and operations is most evident. The financial sector is the ideal application of artificial intelligence because of its well-developed historical data and a high degree of quantitative thinking.
Current changes in AI technology for financial operations are reflected in the entire process of managing and data from the front-office services and marketing to the middle-stage products and wind controls to the back-office, where the most effective applications are in product services and operating smart links. On the side of product services, based on idc projections, dialogue manual
The use of intelligence is a substitute for the use of manual bank services to answer more than 70 per cent of questions and to directly save the output of the call centre; at the operational level, the landing cases show that ai can increase the accuracy of the bank ' s anti-fraud system by more than five times, reduce the bank ' s losses by more than 20 per cent and increase its revenues by more than 10 per cent.
The financialai market is promising, and smart investment is growing rapidly. According to the Chinese Electronics Institute ' s White Paper on the New Generation of Artificial Smart Development (2017), the domestic financialai industry will reach $800 million in 2020, while the Marketsandmarkets data show that the global financialai industry will reach $7.3 billion in 2022.
Smart clients are one of the most visible areas in which artificial intelligence produces benefits in the financial sector. According to the statesta, China’s assets managed by smart clients reached $88.2 billion in 2018, and the cagr is expected to reach 58% over the next five years, with user penetration rising from 1.2% to 8.7%.
For more than two decades, the leading domestic financial integrator, Cloud+ai, opened up a new cycle of growth. 2.1 Focused financial integrator has a strong and strong edge.
Founded in 1997 and started with the securities trading system, it has evolved over the past two decades into the country’s leading financial unit, with a client group covering the vast majority of financial institutions in the country and maintaining a leading position in the core area of the system. In 2014, the company released a cloud transformation strategy, the first financial upturn in the country.
Business advantages are evident, with the market for core products leading the way. The company’s core is now collected from securitiesit, with gold medal shares, top-point software, win-wins, gold stags, and Qin.
High R & D inputs are high barriers, and key financial indicators are bright. Companies have been insisting on high R & D inputs, with R & D spending remaining at around 40%, well above competition for the last decade.
Key financial indicators, such as revenue collection, Māori rates, cash flow, etc., are well ahead. Figure 15: Persistence versus R&D expenditure by major competitors Figure 16: Persistence versus major competitors in 2018 (billions of dollars)
Figure 18: Operating net cash flows/sums of business 2.2 from the project company to the product company to the platform company, constantly evolving, looking back at the constant growth, we believe that the company achieved an average of 10 years of growth over the past two decades.
Evolution: The first evolved from the project company to the product company, and the second from the product company to the platform company phase, where the company quickly increased its customer base and seized the domestic market by continuing to take over the project.
There was a strong impact on competitors. Before and after 2005, market competition intensified and stock markets became more depressed (financial institutions had reduced their spending), and some competitors turned to unconnected diversification, but companies focused on finance and continued this strategic choice for over a decade or so, starting with catch-up, anti-surplus, run-off.
The product company phase, the company’s main strategy is to expand the product line and the new business areas through R & D, grinding products. At this stage, the company introduced more heavy-weight products through forward-looking R & D, with a great deal of scope in the original business areas of securities, funds, banks, etc., and also in Internet finance, letters.
From the project company to the product company, Hessing has sunk the experience of previous project development and implementation, gradually harmonized the technology and knowledge of commonality, and made a leap in standardization from “3-7” to “7-3”.
At the platform’s corporate stage, companies will move to the platform’s corporate model through a combination of two major technological trends, cloud computing and artificial intelligence. At this stage, both within and outside the company will simultaneously advance the online strategy: an internal attempt to connect ministries across the board to integrate business-wide data; and an external network of cloud computing subsidiaries to explore the cloudization and intelligence of core business.
The ratio of R & D spending and the ratio of R & D personnel to R & D personnel supports the company’s strategic upgrading process. The ratio of R & D investment to R & D investment to R & D personnel shows that the company has increased its R & D investment from listing in 2003 to 2006 and that the overall R & D effort has increased since then, with R & D investment at one time reaching more than 48% and R & D personnel at a time.
Figure 20: The ratio of R & D inputs to R & D personnel around and around 06: The ratio of R & D inputs to R & D staff to R & D staff over and over 16 years
In 2018, the company collected $3263 million, an increase of 22.4 per cent over the previous year, of which approximately 82 per cent was in the traditional business and about 82 per cent in the innovation business.
Post-innovation business will be one of the main drivers of corporate growth.
In the last three years, the company's traditional business base, the stock market as a whole, with a bond collection of 22.6% for one of the company's major client groups, has continued to make significant changes in regulatory policies, thus providing additional space for companies to do their traditional business.
The industry has entered the regulatory compliance year, and the regulators have successively introduced policies such as the securities company risk control indicator management scheme, investor suitability management schemes, and the introduction of the securities firm clearing model in public funds, which have led to a significant change in the brokerage business model of the securities broker, which has led to a reverse development in the company ' s brokerage business; and, at the same time,
New regulations, guidance on portfolio valuation operations, anti-money-laundering policies, etc., provide clear risk controls and product valuation requirements for financial institutions, etc., thus making the company ' s asset management and wealth managementit operations a major driver of growth in corporate revenue.
Industry has a deep understanding and strong R & D will continue to benefit fully from regulating technological developments in the future. The expansion of regulatory scope and functionality has increased the demand for compliance by financial institutions, thus requiring financial-it enterprises to provide more timely business system modifications and upgrades. Companies’ response to regulatory policies has always been at the forefront of the industry.
To be able to quickly roll out products to meet customer needs in response to regulatory requirements. For example, in mid-2018, the company launched the corporate counter system for the first in-house, which provides clients with a business-wide, process-wide solution, meeting the corporate equity model pilot, published by the regulator in November 17
Based on deep industry understanding and strong research and development power, we believe that companies benefit most from regulating the development of science and technology.
Localization of financial policies will generate nearly 2.9 billion in incremental revenues for companies. 2.4 The main advantages of the transformation are clear, the creative business layout deepens, and 2.4.1 depends on the industry leadership, and the cloud and the ai transition have a natural advantage.
Strong customer sticky is an important cornerstone of corporate transformation. The high level of professional barriers in the financialit industry requires a wealth of financial knowledge and deep policy awareness, while the core system of financial institutions is extremely costly to switch, such as the replacement of the business operations platform of bond dealers for months, so that the financialit company, especially the pioneers, is a client.
Households are extremely sticky, and strong sticky means that companies have a greater chance of extending new products/services to their clients. Reference is made to friends, U.N., etc., Saas, which we think is a three-pronged advantage of strong customer sticky against constant technology, data, and scenery.
Building up research and development structures at the three levels of the research and development institute, R & D centre, and B & D team: the institute brings together a large number of industry specialists and cutting-edge technical experts and is at the forefront of cloud computing and ai research; the R & D centre and business R & D cluster brings together the technological elite of the company, with extensive experience in technology transformation and landing.
The company’s long-standing sources of intelligence and intelligence have accumulated a great deal of history and have served as an important basis for the company’s development of the ibrain industrial-intelligence platform. As a supplier of the entire field of the Chinese financial sector, the company’s product line is wide-ranging and deep-seated in all areas of finance, helping the company quickly to find the best direction for its application.
Clouds and ai are just technical tools, and the core of competition is the understanding of the industry. Thanks to the financial cloud and the development of the financial ai, a number of start-ups, technology giants have come into the financial science and technology industry, and markets are worried that the arrival of new entrants will change the industry. We believe that clouds and ai are just one of the technical means of delivering products/services, Ben.
Without directly determining the strength of financial and technological enterprises, the core of competition between firms is an understanding of the industry. The firm’s deep-farming financial-it industry has accumulated over more than 20 years a wealth-related amount of money related to client distress, policy trends, project implementation (e.g. interface interfaces) etc.
In the short term, it is difficult not only for new entrants to pose a threat, but also for stock competitors to shake the company’s leadership, thus giving the company a natural advantage in expanding the cloud and the ai’s operations.
Over the last three years, the company’s core innovative business subsidiary has achieved a high growth rate of more than 80% of cagr revenue, which has gradually become a new dynamic for the company’s future rapid growth. Cloud computing, paas, saas layout, is a two-pronged approach.
On the Paas floor, the company launched the arescludpaas platform to provide agile, reuse, expansion, security, private cloud solutions for the financial sector, to shield the bottom cloud platforms from the realization, integration, publication, and maintenance of financial business innovations.
At the saas level, companies have formed or invested in several cloud-based innovative business subsidiaries since they introduced their cloud transformation strategy in 2014. These saas subsidiaries operate in roughly two ways: one is a cloud extension of traditional business, such as the one-stop bank-based wealth management solution provided by the subsidiary cloud network.
The programme, which can be considered as an online copy of the traditional wealth management int business, is dominated by small and medium-sized commercial banks, such as Guyang Bank, Qingdao Bank, etc.; the other is innovative business oriented towards new business areas or combined with the ai technology, such as the launch of the ifs social networking platform for social finance by the subsidiary Yunki Network, whose functions include opening it up.
In the northeast, the Pacific, southwest, etc., multi-portfolio public-ai products have been introduced. ibrain is committed to providing the basic components for the development of the financial sector.ibrain is an important part of the company's “thinkonline” strategy and is also a company's development.
The basic architecture for artificial intelligence applications. On the basis of this structure, companies have released multiple artificial intelligence products, launched eight new products in the past year alone, such as smart money managers, smart asset allocation, and there have been a number of landing cases in areas such as intellectual care, smart information, such as the isee (understanding) robotization of the subsidiary Yunki Network.
Silver International, Chinese securities, national securities, etc., are working together, and research and development is taking place in new areas such as smart wind control, intellectual investment, etc. In addition, companies have expanded the ai layout through outreach, as in 2017, for example, in the State of Credentials, which has invested in the development of smart products, and in 2018, for example, in voice combinations.
In-house management has improved and profitability has improved significantly in order to improve the efficiency of management of corporate business decisions, and the company introduced a system of sector leadership shifts last year.
At the same time, the internal organizational structure of the company has been restructured, with the consolidation of some of the under-utilized huts, product trees, and the optimization of staffing. Upgraded management is the inevitable option after a lifetime of more than a decade of high-speed run-off.
Both revenue and net profits have increased by more than 15 times, but at the same time the number of employees has increased from 681 at the beginning of the market. Especially since 2015, industry has entered an innovation cycle, new technologies and new customer demand have emerged, technology has been upgraded, companies have grown relatively rapidly as industry leaders, and resource efficiency has declined.
In addition, the company has, on several occasions, caused major management problems due to poor control. For example, in 2015 the subsidiary, the Helium Network, was fined close to $400 million for misalignment with the Homs system, which resulted in a 95 per cent decline in the company ' s net profits in that year. In the first half of last year, there were significant incidents of individual executives committing serious malpractice and suspected of committing crimes, leading to an internal confrontation.
Business operations have been affected, and the image of external companies has been damaged. Therefore, we believe that internal management optimization is a necessary option for companies to be phased.
The above, but only 10 per cent of the same increase over the period, included a 1.9 per cent decrease in management costs, mainly equity payments, a cost-side increase much less than income growth, and a significant increase in the cost-control belt, while the Māori rate remained largely stable.
It is expected that fees will continue, and future profits will grow faster than revenue. From a business start, the current demand for financial science and technology in capital markets is entering a new phase, and financial technology itself is facing technological upgrades, so there is some uncertainty in the market.
Development experience, big players like Fis, after reaching a certain scale, are committed to achieving average returns beyond the industry through internal optimization, so we believe that raising the level of internal management is also the next stage in which companies move to a significant decline in the cost of running their businesses in 2018.
Figure 28: Perceptible growth in operating profit rates as a result of the constant cost-control effect of 2018 3. The rise of the big fis: product power, operating power, ecological power are at the heart of the financial int.
In the financial sector, with more than 53,000 employees, software, outsourcing and other types of solutions for more than 20,000 financial institutions around the world. 3.1.Fis growth paths: customer orientation, long-line strategies, stereo-exploitation
The company’s predecessor, systemistics, was founded in 1968 to develop data-processing software for small and medium retail and institutional banks, and has since expanded the bank’s int product line to become a leading provider of the core banking system’s solutions.
(ff) Acquisition and renaming of fis, which has since opened the path of M & As integration: on the one hand, by integrating competitors and expanding the market presence, such as the acquisition of kordoba into the German Bank ' s Core Processing and Outsourcing Solutions City in 04; on the other hand, acquisition of highly sticky customers and expansion of product lines by companies in other areas, such as 15 years of revenue
To date, companies have been able to provide a complete set of software, services and outsourcing solutions for retail and institutional banking, payments, asset and wealth management, risk compliance, transaction processing, record-keeping, exchange, hosting, etc.
The development of the fis over 50 years is basically a microcosm of the development of the U.S. financialit industry. We have developed the corporate strategy into three phases: the first phase, focused products (1968-2003), and the company completes the process from project to product to solution.
The business model changed and was already one of the largest financial-it providers in the United States at the time of the Fnf takeover in 2003, with a loan treatment solution of 96% of the top 50 banks in the United States, processing nearly 50% of the mortgage lending business in the United States. During this period, the company was home-based, entering the 1990s.
The second phase, Focus Scene (2003-2015), is a corporate adjustment strategy that increases the outreach to the same kind of internality.
It is important to move into different contexts through a series of M&As, such as the acquisition of efunds in 2007 and new business scenes like e-money transfers (eft), prepaid card processing, and the acquisition of sungard into the capital market in 15 years.
Business processing tools have been upgraded to business environment infrastructure, which has led companies to shift their core capabilities from the original business areas to other scenarios and to do them quickly and on a large scale. In the third phase, focused values (2015-present), companies have taken over major financial scenes and followed customers.
Business partnerships are very sticky. As a company with the best knowledge of financial business, financial business, and technology, Fis has in fact become a business partner of its clients by providing more sophisticated, integrated solutions and by exploring the application of new technologies to improve the efficiency of its operations.
3.2 On the basis of the above understanding, the “triple force” determines the growth rate and future level of financialit enterprises, we have developed a three-power model of financialit enterprises to demonstrate more clearly the various capabilities required of enterprises in the competition of the financial sector.
Businesses need to have product power, efficient operations, and well-developed ecological powers that are in the middle of demand. The need to create a great synergy between them is the essence of a firm’s success in competition.
3.2.1 Product strength is the cornerstone of financialit enterprise formation, and we believe that product strength is the key to whether the enterprise can truly address client demand distress, as reflected in the four dimensions of industry depth, technical capacity, implementation capacity and data security capability.
1) Industry depth: Financial institutions are relatively insensitive to prices and are more concerned about whether products can help them solve problems and improve their efficiency, which requires financial IT firms to cut vertically and horizontally across their capacity boundaries.
The more important the core product deals with the financial institutions, the more sticky the customer and the more price-efficient it is. From the core product point of view, vertically, financialit firms need to have a sufficiently deep grasp of the financial business to provide a full business perspective on the end-to-end design and construction of the architecture.
Improving the efficiency of operations by avoiding data from the use of different vendor systems in different business segments: horizontally, there is a need to cover a sufficiently wide range of lines of operations, both system barriers and data barriers, to provide clients with more efficient access to the system.
Full business controls also meet client-specific needs as much as possible. One of the central advantages of the big fis is that they have a wealth of product lines that enable them to provide customized or integrated services to clients to meet a wide range of business needs.
Technical capabilities: We believe that the technological capabilities of financial-it enterprises include clouds, micro-services, ai, large amounts, etc. For the financial sector, future information technology is no longer simply a business tool or business environment, but rather an important productivity in terms of agile development and rapid deployment.
The availability of large data analysis capabilities and artificial intelligence capabilities requires financialit enterprises to have a very strong technical capability.
Data security capabilities: For financial institutions, data security is the most important bottom line. Manufacturers that can provide comprehensive data security are more competitive.
3.2.2 Operating power is the guarantee of financialit enterprise development, and we believe that operating power is the guarantee of the steady growth of financialit enterprises, including customer orientation, client accessibility, service capacity and data operation capacity.
1) Customer orientation: Financial institutions vary in size and variety, enterprises of different sizes and types need to be differentiated, and a clear customer orientation enables financialit enterprises to better target their customers' personality 2.
(c) Service capacity: pre-sale, post-sale responsiveness to clients’ needs, including training deployment, advisory services, systems maintenance, etc. The more core business the client requires the financialit enterprise’s service capability.
High, we consider this to be one of the important advantages of home-grown enterprises as compared to overseas enterprises. 4) Data-operating capabilities: an enterprise operates its own wisdom through new and emerging technologies, while at the same time providing partners with 3.2.3 eco-power is the final direction for financial-it enterprises.
The future form of financialit is guided by financial operations that provide intelligent services that match the diversity needs of financial institutions. Thus, building ecological synergies and complementarities among different enterprises will become the future agents of the industry. We believe that the ecological build-up capacity of financialit enterprises depends on the size of the user/value enhancement capacity.
Platform capacity and capital capacity. 1) User size/value: Expanding user size and single customer value through product power and operations is the foundation on which the integrated enterprise constructs its ecology.
At times, it attracts a sufficient number of ecological partners to form a complete cycling. Moreover, it is only by raising the value of the client ' s life cycle that it is possible to maintain the stability of its own cash flow for collection and operation, and to achieve a positive cycle of input-output-extension input-greater output.
2) Platform capacity: Empowerment of ecological partners and clients through the construction of business hubs, technology hubs, data hubs. For example, Fis launched the codecontract platform in 2017, which evolves to enablers by opening api, integrating resources to meet client needs and third-party developers.
3) Capital performance: Capital operations are an efficient means of fast accessing new technologies, widening product lines, accumulating new business resources, and leading domestic and foreign financial niches have a strong capital capacity, and external M & As have become the main growth strategy for Fis.
3.3 For giants, landscapes and ecology are central to long-term and consistent development, and we believe that the ecological value of financialit companies is a function of their product, operational and ecological power. By three forces, we believe that the primary influence on the ecological value of financialit companies is the number of customers, the number of scenes, the output.
The frequency of product use, the extent of large data extraction, the single customer value, the number of platform users and the seven main factors of capital leverage, among which: the number of clients is determined by the combination of product power and operational power, with an initial focus on product power, which requires operational synergy in the medium term; the number of scenes depends on the breadth of the product, which is largely determined by product strength; the frequency of product use depends on the frequency of product use
The importance of the product is also determined mainly by the strength of the product; the extent of large data extraction is determined primarily by the ability to operate; The value of the single customer is determined mainly by the strength of the product: the number of platform users and the leverage of capital are determined mainly by the ecological power; based on the above formula, we compare the persistence with the fis:
1) Number of clients: Fis owns 20,000+ institutional clients in 130+ countries around the world, while the current business is dominated by mainland China (a small number of Hong Kong), and we measure the number of core clients at 655.
Hundreds of business scenes of major financial institutions, such as companies, brokerage companies: Hengsheng currently covers dozens of businesses such as bond dealers, public funds, futures, trusts, insurance, banks, private funds; frequency of use of products: fis and permanents are dominated by the provision of financial core business systems, thus overlapping production.
The frequency of use can be considered consistent. Large data extraction: We believe that neither fis nor permanent electronics currently have direct authority to operate client business data, so the degree of exploitation of client business data between the two does not yet exist.
Single client value: Fis has a single client value of $2.7 million/year based on 20,000 clients; 655 core clients have a constant client value of about $5 million. It is important to note that fis core clients are also dominated by large financial institutions, and therefore have a total of 20,000 clients above.
Measuring actually underestimates its single client value, but overall we think that there is a higher number of users of the platform that have a constant presence: both are currently working to build their own technology and data hubs, such as fis, which has a codecontract, a constant jres, gtn, etc., as of June 2017.
Capital leverage: Extensions and acquisitions through capital operations have become one of the main growth strategies of fis, with 30 plus acquisitions now completed according to company announcements; four major investment mergers and acquisitions have been completed for a long time.
In the short term, we believe that it will be possible to raise the base of the client base by increasing product power, operating power, and the base of the scenario.
The main development strategy is constant, but in the long run, firms simply rely on their own strength to build up a competitive advantage is a slow variable, and growing with the power of ecological partners is an efficient way for post-hair companies to make a curve. So, we believe, by strengthening their platform attributes to attract partners and leverage capital power.
A strategic expansion leading to landscape and ecological development is central to the long-term development of the long-term future.
In 2018, the company proposed an "online" strategy.
By integrating the solutions business systems, a wealth, big capital, big platforms, new brokers, new finance, new market business structures, business sector platforms, research and development work together to build a middle-level financial sector, and commitment to enable the financial business of clients.
On February 20, 20, 2019, the company entered into a strategic partnership with the Huabao Foundation to build an integrated platform for investment. The company will create a new generation of data-driven core investment management platforms, risk analysis and portfolio management.
We note that Huabao is not the first time he's working with a company, but in fact his investment management, ta, etc., is at its core.
The system uses constant products. We believe that this strategic collaboration is no longer a business-specific solution, or even a single-point product upgrade, but rather a process re-engineering and top-level planning that shows that the company's operations are initially recognized by its clients.
So, the interface between the different platforms depends on a lot of manual work, and the data architecture is such that the data of the whole company is difficult to access, so that joint wind control cannot be achieved, investment efficiency cannot be improved, and we think that future kind of strategic cooperation will become the norm, with the potential for constant mid-office output.
4.2 Horizontal: Reciprocal industrial knowledge building, from support for demand to support for business layout. The company first introduced the concept of “mitigation of technology” in 2017, raised the output of technology platforms to the level of corporate strategy last year.
In 2008, the company set up a research and development centre and began to explore how to do so.
Reciprocalization of previous technical knowledge and experience with the introduction of self-used enterprise-level Java application development package jres. 1.0; increased R & D input in 2011-2013, 13 years of jres 2.0; and, for the first time in 2014, a clear willingness to export capacity, successfully constructed and tried to promote the composition of the "Investment Clouds", "Management Clouds" etc.
Connectivity to the financial environment; in 2015, three technology platform strategies were proposed for the operation of the Capital Technology Platform, the Brokering Technology Platform, the Wealth Management Technology Platform: in 2016, the company focused its research and development on the realization of aresclud and launched its first Permanent Technology Open Day on mobile applications for the financial sector
The company's technology platform was further expanded in 2017 through the creation of its own micro-services development platform, jres: in 2018, jres 3.0 was officially released, supporting the upgrading of company products to the Internet micro-service architecture.jres technology platform: “Technology Supermarkets” open to the financial sector.jres is at the heart of the ares technology platform.
Component: Rapid development of a platform for enterprise-level applications for the financial sector, providing users with support from design, development, debugging and deployment to transport throughout their life cycle through integrated, graphical platform components, meeting the individualized development needs of financial institutions, which is a heavy burden on corporate product-based solutions or saas services
Based on jres3.0, the subsidiary Worm totem network has launched a permanent gtn platform that can further meet the individualized needs of financial institutions, provide semi-finished products such as financial products, solutions and financial basic services, and connect customized demand and developers through resource sharing, bringing togethera ( artificial intelligence),b
Technologies such as block chains, c (coated services), d (big data), g (global trading network) and the creation of new financial scenes, financial channels and applications for online export industries have now provided more than 300 financial components, served more than 1,000 financial institutions and had access to global exchanges.
ibrain data platform: the basic platform for the development of artificial intelligence applications. In 2018, the company launched the ibrain long-term brain plan, which aims to provide a unified public data component for the development of financial industry applications, helping financial institutions to solve problems of specialization and convergence, and also providing financial institutions with a platform for building the ai platform.
The bottom of the ibrain technology is the big financial data and knowledge mapping project, first by collecting and collating financial data, and then by building a knowledge mapping of the relationships between the various scenarios on the top of the data, and then by discovering new business. ibrain is divided into three parts of the left brain, the data, and the right brain, where the data are left and right.
The brain support, the knowledge mapping project, is the fine-tuning of the data. Figure 34: The ibrain structure of the Helium Electronics suggests that it depends on the constant concentration of behavior, the accumulation of data on information, and the company's artificial intelligence, technology.
Reserves and financial business scenes cover advantages, and ibrain has already found several cases, such as the smart investment assistant, Xiao whale, appearing in the financial channel Trade Time, whose bottom core technology includes semantic analysis, ibrainnlp services to understand investor issues and ibrain to make smart investment decisions.
Indicator data services; alphamind, a platform based on ibrain ' s big volume Quantification factor, guided stock selection tool, high-performance transaction as a full process of alpha strategy transactions, providing a single alpha strategy transaction and data services, with applications including quantitative studies, quantitative transactions, strategy investment support, etc.
Lightapp Platform: Development Platform for Financial Mobile Applications. Light aims to reduce the development door costs of h5 and app and enhance the continued delivery of mobile applications, previously as a move within the company to develop the Paas technology hub, while supporting the development and delivery of a large number of mobile products by individual products and subsidiaries.
It saves on R & D costs and improves delivery efficiency. With componentization, micro-service core architecture, design, integration and encapsulation of core service groups such as transactions, transactions, information, wealth management, payments, accounts, etc., it can provide strong technological support for financial institutions to apply for development, delivery, and replication.
We believe that companies have a deep technological accumulation in the financialit industry, and that building technological platforms and data platforms has a natural advantage. With the output of the platform’s technological capabilities, the company’s technology service delivery pattern will be as follows.
Significant changes will result in closer links between companies and financial institutions, which will lead to a perfect upgrading from product suppliers to business partners. 4.3 Circles: working with partners to open the path to ecological expansion.
Over the last three years, the company has launched the Sulu I and Sulu II Investment Fund and has joined with China and China to establish the Financial Science and Technology Industry Fund and to continue to promote the financial science and technology environment.
In terms of technological capabilities, complementary product lines and strategic synergies, successive strategies have invested in companies such as the State of Congregation, symbiont, pyrotechnics, etc., to develop new technologies for future companies, move towards new orientations, expand the edge of leadership, and pre-empt resource reserves.
4.3.2 Extension of eco-gramming on the back of ant gold jacket The company, as a leading financial-it market company, has an advantage at the end of the line financial institution, committed to the use of a financial-tech suit, the end of the line, and then touched on the end of the c client: the advantage of ant gold suit is at the end of the c end customer, through bottom-up techniques.
We believe that there is a great complementarity between the company and the ant gold suit, and that the future 2b business and the 2c business of the ant gold suit will form an ecological seal, thereby maximizing the value of cooperation between the two.
The company works closely with Ali, who is represented by the ant gold suit. The strategy follows the ant gold suit, extending the ecological map of the financialit.
The stockholdings are co-sponsored by 36 securities industry agencies, with the aim of restoring payment base functions in the securities industry and achieving interconnectivity among securities agencies, and are considered to be a “symbol banking union.” We believe that the stockholding shares provide a good basis for the company’s future deep involvement in interconnectivity among securities agencies.
On September 5, 2018, the company announced that it held 5.01 per cent of the stock held in XCL software through a centralized competitive exchange. On March 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, the Ant Finance Cloud signed an Operational Cooperation Agreement between the two parties to jointly develop the Mobile Internet Finance Platform programme and the Financial Core System project and to share the market.
At the same time, with 3.4% of the shares in Shanghai Clouds, Ali is the second-largest shareholder in the company, holding 8.41% of the shares in the software. The software is one of the main bank resolution providers in the country, and we believe that the penetration of different fields is achieved through investment and acquisition by reference to fis.
Together with Ali’s horizontal expansion and cross-cutting sub-ecology. In 2014, the company set up the Internet+ Medicine.
After receiving the next year’s cloud-based investment, the company “Type” has been working with the public authorities of Aliun and the payment of treasures to expand the stock-it-to-medical system from a powerful ecological resource of ant gold. With a large public hospital at its core, Tai is committed to helping the hospital upgrade the Internet + construction process and make it online.
There are currently more than 520 large and medium-sized hospitals across the country, covering 26 provinces (municipal/districts), hundreds of millions of patients, and in 2015, the company set up an Internet-plus passenger company, which sells tickets via the Baba Express Internet.
The platform and mobile phone end provide ticketing services for road passengers. After the life of the ants' gold suits, the roadway passenger information service platform of Baba Express works fully with the Ali family in its operation and development.
On 31 January, the “Baba Express” online ticketing system was connected to the province-wide air terminal. According to public information, Baba Express has covered 48 level-I stations, 117 level-II stations, more than 20,000 passenger vehicles and thousands of operating lines in Zhejiang province, almost fully covered by the province, with a yearly ticket sales out of 100.
We will first predict the company’s profits and then use the sotp and the ev valuation method to measure the constant convergence of the company’s profits over the next three years, based on the following key assumptions:
(b) Exchanges and non-financial operations will remain largely stable;
The Internet has been growing rapidly, collecting about 40 percent of the cagr over the next three years, but the internal management of the company will be further optimized by basically maintaining the surplus, thus making the cost of sales, management, R & D less expensive than the average of comparable companies, which we believe should be no less than 62 times as high in 2019.
In our view, the high professional barriers in the financialit sector, the high stickyness of customers, the greater profitability and bargaining power of leading companies than competitors, and the trend in the future financialit industry to cloud and intellectualize as a reasonable multiplier of the company ' s traditional business in 2019, with a reasonable market value of 56.4 billion dollars.
Corporate innovation, which is mainly in the form of saas, is expected to generate about 730 million dollars in 2019, with 15 times the market value of the innovative business at a reasonable 11 billion dollars. When the v/ebitda valuation was introduced, we thought that R & D costs should be increased, based on two main points.
Reasons: First, by reference to overseas firms, R & D expenditure will fall from about 30% in the early stages of development to 5-7% in the maturity phase, meaning that prior R & D inputs will be effective at a later stage; and second, the constant growth experience suggests that companies can gradually convert their higher R & D inputs into their own mosaics over time.
The industry is now strong, and we believe that there is great room for excellence in corporate R & D. By reference to the average value of comparable companies (using a wind consistent forecast), we believe that constant life is 33.5 times the cost of research and development (ebitda+), corresponding to a reasonable market value of $68.7 billion.
The combined Sotp valuation and the ev valuation, it is prudent that we choose the lower figure, 67.4 billion, as internal management of the company, to improve as expected, leading to significant fluctuations in the company ' s management costs, sales costs, etc., which result in significant fluctuations in the company ' s performance;
▪ Regulatory policies such as new rules of governance, innovation boards, Quilton, etc. fall short of expectations, resulting in the short-term underdevelopment of innovative technologies such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc., leading to the underdevelopment of corporate innovation, which in turn affects corporate income from innovation:
(a) Financial institutions spend less than expected, or will directly result in less than expected corporate income;
▪ The company's controlling subsidiary, Hensen Network, has been penalized by the CSRC and has still not paid the full amount of the fines in time to exclude the possibility of additional fines or to expose the company to potential business regulation, reputational damage Analysis of the relevant reporting ratings in the market