Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) event: 16-year annual report from Maotai, Guizhou, 16-year collection of $40.16 billion, net return to mother
16.720 billion dollars, net return to the mother of 16.995 billion dollars, an increase of 20.1 per cent and 7.8 per cent, respectively, in the same year.
Interest income. In 16 years, Mao Dai earned 36.71 billion, an increase of 16.4 per cent over the same period, sales of 22.9 million tons, gold currents 61.03 billion to create a record high, advances from distributors are positive, company interest increases are adjusted by the consumer tax base for 16 years, which is slower than revenue growth. 16 years of operating tax
We believe that, because of the consumption tax paid to sell to the sales company at the plant, the quarterly tax will have an early effect at the end of the year, with a tax charge of 2,885 million at the end of the year, or +125.8 per cent of the year, a larger percentage of the tax is foreseen. We believe that, in terms of the balance of the year, the consumption tax will have a marginal impact.
We expect a 17-year recovery and profit increase to converge, and a 17-year net gain is expected to grow at a lower and higher rate than before. Mautai's wine is fragrant, unstoppable growth: high-end alcohol benefits from capital investment stimulus +
Private consumption has risen and demand has grown robustly. The market shares of the Mautai monopolize high-end brands have continued to thrive.
Point-to-watch retail prices don't exceed 1300 dollars to curb speculation in the market, and we think that the private consumption base will be more solid. Long-term care for the supply of pow-to-roo wine is still in short supply for five years, and a favourable supply and demand relationship will keep the poo-to-powder for 18 years.
According to the company’s official website, the 17-year series of wines is targeted at 1:1 tons, sold at 26 million tons, and the income target is 4.3 billion. High-end white wine in the series is located on a large scale, benefiting from a marked increase in consumption.
In our view, 17 years is a crucial year for a series of liquors, with online input through visual advertising, under-line investment through networking, opinion-making, exhibition-making, basic market-making and flat- levelling.
Point. According to the company network, the 17q1 series of alcohol revenues grew by 299 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and nearly 1 billion people continued to grow at a high rate. 18 times. Consider the continued growth of the high-end liquor industry and the scarcity and inalienability of the poo brands.
Quarterly profit tables and analysis of key financial indicators. 1. Increases in income in the second half of the year.
With the early impact of the seasons of Mid-Autumn 2016 and the spring of 17, 16q4 distributors were in high demand for their supplies, and the arrival of Mao's revenues began to grow significantly, reaching 12.62 billion in four quarters, an increase of 30.0 per cent. The 17-year plan was implemented. And the company's delivery changed the tradition of all deliveries prior to the previous season, and then monthly delivery.
The actual demand of 16q4 exceeded the reporting calibre. 2.16q4 sales cost increased significantly, mainly through the promotion of a series of wines. 16q4 sales cost increased by 87 per cent over the same period, and sales cost increased significantly to 8.1 per cent.
Pre-project advertising and marketing costs are required, and this has also led to a significant increase in sales costs of 16q4. 3. The overall consumption tax affected the profit growth rate in the second half of the year.
The 2015-16 excise tax is the principal component of corporate turnover tax and surcharge, which is more than 70%. The 16q4 turnover tax and attachment amount to $2.89 billion, or 22.9% of revenue, raises the ring by 6.73 pcts. As a result of the consumer tax payment to the company for sale at the plant, the quarterly fee sales recognition (for internal sales) does not match the revenue recognition (for external sales).
We expect a larger percentage of consumption taxes to be raised as a result of the early impact of bottom and spring seasons and adjustments in producer-manufacturing policies. With the rolling balance of quarterly advance receipts and confirmations of shipments, the annual recovery and profit increases will converge throughout the year, and the impact on 17 years’ net profit growth is expected to diminish.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board