The performance was over-expected, with a huge share of money, and a significant increase in income in the fourth quarter of 2016, with net profits less affected by the consumer tax base. The company's sales revenue for the fourth quarter was $12,622 million, a year-on-year increase.
\triangleright early, and the increase in consumption in the white industry is evident, and consumers have a greater demand for high-end white wine, such as matai. Four quarters of the company is owned by shareholders for $4.6 billion net profit, an increase of 6.29%. Four quarters of the company ' s profit growth is lower than the increase in revenue, mainly as a result of adjustments in the consumer tax base.
Price taxes have increased, with a four-quarter sales tax and an additional bill confirming an increase of 2,885 million yuan, an increase of 89% over the same period. This has affected the company’s net profit growth in 2016, which is far lower than income growth.
\triangleright shows a downward trend in the production of \triangleright. In 2016, the company sold 3690,000 tons of alcohol products, an increase of 34.26% over the previous year. Sales were higher than expected, the best since the 2012 industry adjustment. Sales increased by more than the increase in revenue, suggesting that the price of tons of alcohol in 2016 was lower than in 2015, the main one.
The source of financial growth in the East is the 91.36% increase in revenue from a series of liquors, which is far higher than the 16.39% increase in the income from a series of wines. The rate of a series of liquors has stopped falling back, and the rate of a combination of alcohols is expected to go up.
\triangleright percentage point. Māori in the mahogany is 93.5%, a decrease of 0.12 percentage points from the same period the previous year. Māori in the other series is 53.55%, a decrease from the \triangleright.
In 2016, there was a severe shortage of hut supplies, which consumed not only the previous two years of stock, but also implemented the 2017 plan more than a month in advance. It can be expected that the huts will remain unsustained for the next two years, with roughly the same production levels in 2017 and 2016, with little growth in 2018 compared to 2017.
Between the districts, there has been repeated emphasis on discouragement, discouragement of excessive price increases, and $1,300 is the bottom line for retail prices. It is expected that by 2019 there will be a serious supply deficit at the huts. From the 2016 market performance, the consumer has accepted the hut prices, so prices will remain strong or may be raised again in 2018 without an increase in volume.
There's still a risk of a loss. \triangleright, so the dealers at all levels have stepped up their stockings and made a lot of money. We expect a partial release of the high advance bill by the end of 2016.
Equity incentives are expected to be introduced in the course of the year, and management incentives are expected to become more marketable.
By the end of December of the year, the development of equity incentives for corporate management and core technical teams will be advanced. The introduction of equity incentives will make management more aligned with corporate interests, and management more motivated to perform.
Master of Accounting in Eastern Finance and Leafling, 2008 in the capital of the country of accession, studies in agriculture and food and beverages, 2011 in Anshin and 2013 in East Hing, 2013 in the food and beverage sector, and eight years in food and beverages.
Fan Jianji, China Agricultural University-University of California at Berkeley, has jointly developed a Ph.D. in agricultural economics management. In 2015, the Democratic Republic of the Congo Portfolio Investment Department conducted a study of its own. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, a specific recommendation or recommendation in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.