Kotai, Guizhou (600519.ss), announced revenues/net profits of RMB 40.2 billion and RMB 16.7 billion in 2016, which is an increase in comparison with the increase in volume (1), which was 22.918 tons in 2016, an increase of 16%.
The number of liquor sales in the series was 14,027 tons, an increase of 81 per cent in the same year.a Average of the food and beverages industry
For a full description of the investment summary indicators, see the present 30% increase in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2016, and we believe that the maintenance of the advance at such a high level indicates strong demand from distributors. The average price of the bottled wine was even in 2016. Given the limited supply and the strong demand, we expect that
The average price of the product will increase by 2% in 2017, owing mainly to the higher average price of non-target products such as old, raw, and custom-made wine. We believe that the impact of rising tax rates has been largely over, and that the net profit rate is expected to be even in 2017.
Asia and the Pacific buys list data from Researchassistant, see appendix to information disclosure, or contact your investment representative.
I've been working on this report for a long time.
I, Liao Yu, cfa, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of my salary is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The investment summary section evaluates the investment environment of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described are growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our screening of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns, industry status and management levels of cash investments (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry). Cafa: a share of media, a share of consumer durables, a share of food beverages, and Chinese consumer goods.
a A share of consumer durables: Goli Electrics, American Group, Qingjia Haile.a A share of food drinks: Gui Goon, Yoo River Shares, Maotai, Guizhou old cellar, Qing Qing Cing, Shanxi Wine, Qing Yi Island Beer (a), Five Grain fluids.a A share of media: Au Fung Recreation, Light Media, Gohua Cable, Hua Weibner, Blue Light Sign, South-central Media, Distinguished Media, Provincial Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Happy View Network, Orient Mingju,
China’s consumer goods: Ying Yuan, Light milk industry, modern livestock industry, Huayun entrepreneurship, Montagnard milk industry, Master Kang’s shareholdings, Qingjia beer (h), Unified Enterprise, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Ili’s shares.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services over the next three months from the following companies: Maotai, Guizhou (rmb 395.45) Goldman Sachs has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Mauptai, Guizhou (rmb 395.45), Company Ratings, Research Industry, and Ratings and Related Definitions
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, one of which represents its view of the investment prospects of the subject on the basis of the historical basis of the industry and/or valuation.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.