Food beverages in Maotai, Guizhou (600519), strong, strong growth, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company published its annual report for 2016, which achieved business income of $38.9 billion for the year as a whole, compared with +19.0 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $16.7 billion for the mother, compared with +7.8 per cent for the same period, of which q4 achieved revenue of $12.2 billion for the first quarter, compared with +28.6 per cent, and a net profit of $4.3 billion for the mother, compared with +4.3 per cent, while the company published a profit distribution plan for all shareholders.
Ten shares found a gold dividend of $67.87 (including taxes). Quite fast, a series of alcohol booms, a record high of advance payments, and a strong momentum for high income growth.1 +16 per cent of the 36.7 billion yuan revenue for the year, with a 19 per cent increase in the second half of the year.
Rapid growth: the sales of Maotai have increased by 16% from the same year to year. The company uses a steady price for the Mautai, balancing the market price by balancing the speed of the controlled delivery with increased investment in the raw gin, leading to market prices, and optimizing the product structure. 2, Series revenue of $2.1 billion, compared to +92%, Series wine starts.
The q1 series of wines will generate income, while the company ' s advance payments reach an all-time high of $17.5 billion (business income + pre-receivables equal to 38 per cent).
The ring ratio + 28 per cent) shows significant performance and future growth in the water reservoirs, mainly the increase in the alcohol series and a slight increase in the price of materials; the three rates remain stable, reflecting good corporate management capacity. As a result of the increase in the consumer tax base in the second half of the year, corporate taxes and surcharges amount to 6.5 billion.
The same-year increase of 89%, which is a drag on overall profitability, with net interest rates falling by 4.5 pct to 44.7% on the same-year scale, has led to net profit growth well below income growth. The same-year rise in the consumer tax base will have an impact on the net profit growth of companies in the first half of 17 years, and the statistical consistency of the tax base in the second half of the year will gradually disappear.
In 2017, the company planned to invest 26.8 million tons, but the actual capacity could be only 25.8 million tons, there would be a supply gap of 1,000 tons, and the price of the stock deficit would become normal. The demand for end-uses and distributors to replenish the stock was high, and the supply would start to run out in the second half of 2016.
After April, the white wine industry gradually moved into the light season, which is 1.
Prospective profits and investment proposals. High-end liquor companies are well established, with a clear competitive advantage, and will be strong, with a net profit increase of around 18% in the next three years.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.