Poo-Dai's super-expected meaning goes beyond the white wine investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Events: 1-quarterly newspaper published in Kutao, 1 q earned $13.31 billion in 17, net return to the mother
6.12 billion dollars, or $6.15 billion in net return to the mother after deduction, an increase of 33.2 per cent, 25.2 per cent and 25.8 per cent, respectively, and $4.87 per cent, respectively.
We believe that the growth in corporate income of 1q17 demonstrates the release of real corporate power. Together with grass-roots research, influenced by the spring season, the company delivers about 7,600 tons (including 16 years of advance implementation), accounting for about 30% of the year’s plan.
Process processes, 4q16 supply constraints, sales policy adjustments, 17-year spring days for spring days only, and 16-year springs for a quarter, resulting in a slight decrease in the volume of spring seasons.
We believe that the low season reflects a real strong consumer demand. The net gain is higher than expected, and the net gain is slower than the income.
The real profit gains are slower than the income when interest income increases. The main consideration is 1) 1q16 consumption compared to +2.4 pct. Considering the mismatch between quarterly consumer tax recognition and income recognition and the early confirmation of consumption tax by 4q16, the tax and surcharge should be protected on a year-round basis.
Tons of tons, income target of $4.3 billion, expected to increase further throughout the year, companies, as a result of firm corporate efforts to promote the “133” brand strategy and the “5+5” market strategy for the soy sauce series, have been working through high-visibility advertising inputs, online networking, opinion-making, displays, and basic markets.
This trend is expected to continue throughout the year with increased market inputs through the creation and flatening of firms. 4) Off-the-shelf expenditures of 370 million are mainly due to increased corporate public-interest donations.