Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
In 2016, the company produced 59.887.97 tons of Maupata and a series of rum and alcohol, of which: Maupajai, the company produced 59.887.97 tons in 2016, in comparison to the previous year ' s release of a quarterly guide to its revenue from wine business of $38.862 billion.
In 2016, the year of the recovery of the White Liquor industry led by Maotai: three years of deep adjustment in the White Liquor industry in 2013-2015, the recovery of the White Liquor industry this year was largely due to the demand of the lowlands at the top of the pyramids.
The year began with a rapid recovery of profit from the channel, which generated 36.714 billion yuan, compared to 16.39 per cent in the year; at the same time, the rapid warming of the Maoutai industry led to a significant increase in the series, which was achieved over 16 years.
Revenues of $2.27 billion, or +91.86 per cent, have risen to an all-time high, and confidence in the channel has been fully restored: by the end of 16th year, the company's advance has recovered completely, and the dealer's incentive to raise money has been fully activated.
Prices have begun to rise, with bulk price increases of more than $450 a year, a group of businesses ending a three-year loss period, alcohol series having a lower rate of Māori than a small increase, and consumer tax increases that drag net interest rates. The rapid recovery of the Maurda business has led to a more than 90% increase in alcohol series, significantly higher than the +16% of the Maurda, contributing to the overall collection.
Myths are down on the administrative cost rate. But the consumption tax rose significantly by 105% to $5,095 million, which was higher than the year-on-year, and Mao Dai emphasized the “tight balance” at the Henan Dealers' Symposium in March, after which the price was quickly reversed.
The price of the low season is now counterproductive. Mao has recently flattened the price through powerful administrative measures such as shouting, punishment, and so on, which we understand to be -- in a broader context where the market is against the market ' s selective neglect or obscurity of pre-manufacturing firms, the manufacturers re-emphasize their true intentions and disillusionment of the market 's illusions.
The intent of sustainable development to suppress short-term price hikes and maintain a steady upward trend is evident. The recent decline in the speed of shipments and the administrative repression of bulk prices seem contradictory, and we believe that the company is precipitous for the season, and that the h2 shipment is expected to accelerate significantly over h1, but on a comprehensive basis.
Given that the demand side is still strong, we still have not kept the poo price cycle going upwards. Prices are on the top, and batch prices are steady to boost the recovery cycle. Giffin's properties, determined by the properties of the poo-barrel investment, determine the resonance between the start and the price — prices are on the increase, prices are falling.
The short-term fast-foaming process of batch prices has been stifled by manufacturers, and in the context of the “tight balance” between the supply and demand of pots, the large probability of strong executive intervention by manufacturers has been to push up and down prices. In summary, price stability has helped to push the recovery cycle, lower politics, and lower politics.
Public opinion risks, both from a business point of view and from a political point of view.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.