Powerful hydroelectricity (600025.sh) with two main tap reservoirs to meet new opportunities for water-light complementarities: hydropower development is still promising, and “water-windlight integration” opens up new energy sources.
1) Hydroelectricity: Total installed capacity of 1.4 million kilowatts in the company's last river basin, which is scheduled to be fully operational by the end of 2024; hard beams in the river basin; market value of hard beams in construction in the river basin: $8.72
The total installed capacity is 11.16 million kilowatts, which are scheduled to be fully operational by April 2025. After all the hydroelectric plants were put into operation, the company’s capacity increased by about 9.8 per cent over the current period.
Power stations: The planned year-by-year adjustment capability, which will form a “tri-bureau” pattern with small bays and thugs, will be of great importance as a “one-size-fits-all” package. 2) New energy sources: from 2021, the strategic positioning of the company has shifted to the development of a large “waterwinding integration” base.
On the one hand, water and light complementarities have helped to increase resource efficiency and generate additional power generation; on the other hand, under the e-commerce platform of the Group, as of 3m23, construction supervision services for the purchase of equipment for a total of 10,077,000 kilowatts of photovoltaics and construction installation projects have been completed
The results of the winning bid were publicized, with sufficient reserves of resources for new energy projects; 75.1 per cent of them were photovoltaic projects under single-body-loading code 200mw, and the cost of those projects being ready for production by 2025: Yunnan’s electricity load was growing at a high rate, and there was room for upswing in the provincial market prices.
The share of electricity traded on the market was nearly 70%, and in the past it was more affected by the price discounts on the clean energy market in Yunnan province. For 18 years, Yunnan has introduced high energy consumption such as electrolytic aluminium, industrial silicon, and the demand for electricity has shifted to a long-term shortage since the 1455s, which will support the market in the province.
Prices are rising over the long term. And load-use properties are not matched to the power structure's strength, structural contradictions remain, and market prices vary from about 0.12 yuan/kwh in the province. The company has built two multi-year regulated reservoirs, and the two reservoirs combines can achieve dilapidation.
More electricity is available than the hysteria period, and the capacity of scarce hydropower to regulate can be realized. Advantages: 24, 25 years of depreciation of the stock fleet is expected to lead to the release of 3.5 million yuan and 610 million yuan, respectively.
In 24, 25 years, 240 and 4.04 million kilowatts of equipment were depreciated. The three power stations mentioned above invested $89.0, 450.1, 17.41 billion, respectively. Based on the assumption that the purchase and installation of mechanical and electrical equipment accounted for about 21.5 per cent of the total investment, the stock of hydroelectric plants is projected to be in 24 and 25 years.
Depreciation of mechanical and electrical equipment will release profits of about $3.5 million and $610 million, respectively.
Quantities, etc., are at a risk in the market. Scavengering access to more services. First, the energy company, which has power over the development of the river basin.
The company is the listed platform of the WAEAN Group for hydropower operations. In accordance with the commitment of the China China China China China Energy Group to further avoid competition with the Chinese company Huamengang Water and Power Company, Inc., the company is positioned as the only platform for the final integration of hydropower operations under the banner of the Consort and the controlling shareholder will meet the note within three years of the company ' s listing.a
According to the company’s 9m23 report, of the company’s inventory of non-listed utilities, the company’s only assets of the company’s Sichuan Energy Development Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Sichuan Corporation) are eligible for the company’s injection into the market.
Kilowatts, which account for about 62.1% of the total non-listed hydropower assets of the parent group, were injected in 10m23. Having the power to develop the entire river basin, there is a strong capacity for continuous development.
Based on the bottom-up staircase development of the river, the company is able to achieve the full range of dry-flow synergies to balance hydropower resources and fully generate hydropower revenues. The company is currently carrying about 25.6 million kilowatts of hydropower installed. The company’s hydroelectric assets are mainly deployed in Yunnan province, and this is a last resort.
By the end of 2022, the company’s terminal river basin holdings were carrying 18 hydroelectric units, totalling 22,949,000 kilowatts, accounting for about 28 per cent of the total number of hydroelectric units in Yunnan Province and about 6 per cent of the total number of water and electrical units in the country. In addition, following the injection of Sichuan’s assets in 2023, the company reached the scale of the hydroelectric unit.
With about 25.6 million kilowatts, or 11.6 per cent, the commissioning of the Toba, the hard beam hydroelectric plant, and the company ' s increase in the size of the utility carrier by 9.8 per cent, the final river basin focuses on the construction of the project, the total capacity of the Toba hydroelectric plant, which will be 1.4 million kilowatts, scheduled to be inaugurated in June 2024.
The fleet is operational and will be fully operational by the end of the year: the total installed capacity of the Dafu River hard beam power station under construction by the Huaro Sichuan company will amount to 28,116,000 kilowatts of water and electricity installed by the company, an increase of about 9.8 per cent over the current period
Figure 2: By the end of 2022, the company ' s share of water supply in Yunnan Province was 2h22-1h23 Yunnan, which is a decline in water consumption and a drag on the company ' s profitability. 1h23 river basins, which are about 25% dry compared to the same amount, with twigs, coves, and thugs crossing surfaces being 22.5% and 25.4% respectively.
In addition to natural conditions, the electricity supply of the 1h23 company has declined significantly, owing to a lack of water during the 22-year period and a corresponding reduction of 6.14 billion kilowatt-hours in the capacity of the basin ladder power plant, which limits the capacity of the company’s tap reservoirs to regulate it.
The same ratio is between 4 and 7%; the two main tap reservoirs, the Bay and the thugs, are transferred to water storage, the hydropower capacity and, when the prices and depreciation costs on the Internet are constant, the lower the amount of electricity generated, the higher the fixed cost of the share of electricity, and the lower the net interest rate. 1-3q23 completes a total of 82,866 million kilowatts, a 5.8% reduction in the volume of electricity generated;
In 81,688 million kWh, a 6.8 per cent decline in the same year, the increase in the price of electricity helped the company to achieve a 5.2 per cent increase in the same year in 1-3q23 under unfavourable conditions of water erosion; the net profit on repatriation fell by 2.9 per cent in the same year, less than the decrease in the volume of electricity generated during the same period.
The water situation in Yunnan Province improved in the second half of the year, and 1h24 continued to be repaired. Chart 1 shows that the company's hydroelectric unit is concentrated in the lower and middle of the Yangtze River, which flows through the city of Paoshan and the city of Lilbang in Yunnan Province.
In addition, according to winter weather projections issued by the National Climate Centre, the south-western part of the country is now experiencing more precipitation than in the same period in the current winter. As water continues to improve with the low base effect of 1-4m23, the hydroelectric capacity of 1h24 is expected to continue to grow on a year-on-year basis.
The properties of large hydropower assets give them a stable profitability and a high proportion of the red potential to match the guaranteed demand for electricity with low-cost power sources, give them a stable profitability, China has limited scope for developing its hydro-energy resources economy, and is now over half the rate of hydropower development. As of October 23, I
The country ' s conventional hydropower installations have reached approximately 370 million kilowatts, or 53.8 per cent of its technology development capacity (approximately 690 million kilowatts), and the remaining technology for the development of hydropower resources is mainly concentrated in the western part of the country, particularly in the Qing Tibetan highlands and their surroundings: hydropower works in high altitude areas generally face complex geological conditions, poor construction conditions and ecological conditions.
Constraints such as vulnerability, the limited value of conventional development models, and the need to find technological breakthroughs in hydropower generation in order to meet economic requirements on priority issues. Hydropower plants have high pre-investment costs and significant economies of scale.
In addition, hydropower is characterized by a “high cost of sunkness.” For example, the river power plant in the Yangtze River and the company's thong power station, which is designed to be 12.6 million kWh in size and produces an average of 571.2 to 64.6 billion kWh per year over the years.
The total cost of the project was 79.2 billion yuan: 58.5 million kWh in size and an average of 23.91 billion kWh of electricity generated over the years. The total cost of the project was 61.1 billion kWh. Approximately 21.5 per cent of the total investment cost was used for the acquisition and installation of electrical and mechanical equipment, depreciated on the basis of 18 years: the remaining cost was accounted for in the blockage building and 45 years was used as the base.
Figure 9: The current rate of conventional hydropower development in the country is more than half. Figure 10: Significant economies of scale in hydroelectric power generation
As a result, China has a high concentration of power for the development of large hydropower bases.
Because of the nature of the monopoly in the hydropower sector, the list of government-approved investment projects (2016 edition) identifies projects with a total installed capacity of 500,000 kW and more in transboundary, trans-provincial (regional, municipal) rivers that are approved by the State Council.
China’s 13 largest hydroelectric bases are being developed mainly by the five major power-generating groups and the National Investment Group, the tri-gorge group, and only some of them by individual power station holding shareholders in the river basin. Among them, the river has yet to be developed, the river has been developed in the upper part of the river, the river’s middle of the river, the northeast, Xinxi, Xuanteng, and the water system of the dam are relatively fragmented, and the river’s mid-rivers and the riverine of the river are relatively complex.
On a scale, the Yangtze River Water Base, which is the fourth largest hydroelectric base in China, has a planned capacity of 2,582,000 kilowatts.
There is a cross-subsidization of electricity prices based on the public good of electricity. In order to balance social equity and achieve universal access to electricity, government price authorities transfer prices between regions, between voltage levels, and between users, thereby reducing the price of electricity.
The price of electricity for low-developed regions, residential livelihoods and agricultural production. After the introduction of the “1439” (promoting coal-fired power generation and full market access for business users) and the “526” (a significant reduction in the approved transmission and distribution price for the third regulatory cycle, which is not cross-subsidized with the level of voltage), the country's electricity price system remains “two-track”: business users.
The average cost of electricity is the lowest in all electricity sources, and it is best suited to meet such a need. The population’s standard of living is improving, the level of electrification is increasing, and the demand for electricity is expected to increase.
Between 2019 and 2022, there was an overall increase in the use of electricity by urban and rural residents and in primary industries. In addition, given that there is still much room for growth in the per capita use of electricity in our country, such demand is expected to increase more rigidly than in developed economies such as Europe and the United States.
Extra-annually, the rest of the decomposition costs are calculated using 23-and-a-half-yearly reporting data. 2.2 Stable yield expectations and high non-payable costs, which can be used to spread the cash flow in red. Hydropower characteristics determine the non-payable cost of depreciation of its main cost, the only change during the period of operation.
This is based on a cost of 0.008/kWh of water. For example, in recent years, depreciation costs have accounted for more than 40% of the company’s operating costs, thus providing a source of continuous cash flow that is robust and stable, and the net amount of electricity and water on the market is now higher than in general 1.
When performance falls as a result of adverse natural conditions, the commitment to redecorating is met by a modest increase in the proportion of redscores, and the firm’s medium- and long-term growth space is maintained. 3.1. Amounts: hydropower development is still promising, and “water and light integration” opens up the development of new energy sources.
The U.S. hydroelectric plant is located on the Tibetan side of the wall, and is of great significance as it is “a whole-of-the-column system.” For the integrated development of hydroelectric bases across the river basin, the closer the controlled reservoir is to upstream, the more efficient it is to adjust and increase the capacity of the lower-middle- and lower-stream elevator power stations.
The station and the lower-middle-stream ladder power station are about 1,800 metres above the surface, with 4.2 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of water coming from one of the tap reservoirs, and more than 90 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of water from one of the reservoirs, which is equivalent to one year of power generation from the Three Gorges.
The reservoir is already in production. While the Bay hydroelectric plant has a normal water storage level of only 1240 metres, less than half the normal water storage level of the middle and middle control reservoirs of the Yagi River, which is 2,865 metres, has a limited impact on the basin-wide escalator. For example, in America, the hydroelectric plant designed a normal water storage level of 2,895 metres, with 13 hydroelectric plants (including Toba) being launched downstream:
An annual reconciliation capability, which will form a “tri-bureau” pattern with the Bay and thugs, will result in a significant increase in the utilization of water resources throughout the basin.
Figure 19: Comparison of power generation and storage capacity of comparable corporate tap water banks, which have not yet been fully developed, with ample scope for growth in the size of the company ' s hydropower installed. Yunnan Province is the country ' s second largest hydroelectric resource department, with a reservoir of 104 million kilowatts in the country ' s six main hydro-energy resources available for development.
The distance of 1780 metres is concentrated on hydropower development in Yunnan Province; it is divided into the Tibetan section upstream of the last river, the Yunnan section upstream of the last river, and the central and lower parts of the last river, with a planned capacity of 638,3,883,16615,000 kilowatts respectively. Some 9.64 million kilowatts remain to be further developed, accounting for about 30 per cent of the total planned capacity.
Since 2021, the company's strategic positioning has shifted from “focusing on hydropower development” to “water and light integration” and the size of new energy installed will increase rapidly.
As a result, the size of the company ' s new energy loadings in 2017-2021 has been maintained at 235,000 kW (100,000 kW, 135,000 kW) for wind and wind power projects.
On 9 February 2021, the Yunnan People's Government announced the publication of the 14th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development in Yunnan Province and the Outline of the Visions for the Twenty-three-Year Plan, which proposed the integrated development of new sources of energy, such as wind and solar energy, based on the lower Qing Sha River, the base of large hydroelectric power plants in the lower and lower Qingan Rivers and the route of the outlet to build the Wind.
The company issued a commitment on 22 April 2021 to change wind power and photovoltaic power stations, making it clear that it would use its own medium-sized large hydroelectric reservoirs and adjacent land, surfaces, power stations, and close to the corridors, and that it would be able to make adjustments.
On the same day, the company issued an announcement on its work ahead of the implementation of the upper Tibetan section of the Sunchang River, which aims to build clean energy bases at the southern and Tibetan parts of the Yangtze River.
Water and wind complementarities can help to increase efficiency in the use of clean energy resources, leading to increased power generation. Water and wind complementarities are stable, and economic advantages are prominent. Stability: water and wind co-opts contribute to the overall generation of electricity.
Quality and efficiency. Over the years, the water is less windy and the water is less windy; during the year, the windy “peaks” and the hydropower “peaks” are combined; and in the daytime, as the load curve fluctuates, wind and light power is replaced. Economic: overall synergy to achieve a multi-dimensional “reduce expansion” increases the profits of the company.
The cost of building a windway and the cost of building a windway; the amount of electricity delivered drove the drop in unit landing costs and increased the price of electricity on the Internet to be competitive in the markets of the recipient provinces; according to the paper " Medium- to Long-Term Optimization Control based on Short-term Water Light Complementarity Strategies " , the clean energy base of the Tibetan sector in the last river
Ground simulation analysis, for example, leads to the transfer of electricity through maximum consumption information on each day of hydropower, resulting in a reasonable allocation of current water in time and space over the generation of electricity, resulting in an increase in system consumption of 1040 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) over the medium to long term and a reduction in the average volatility of system power delivery throughout the year by 8.3 per cent.
Figure 22: Waterlight Complementarity Map Chart 23: For example, Water Light Complementarity Map, among the industrial companies, the first phase of the Project for Water Light Complementation in the Yagi River Basin, with national electricity, was completed in June 2023
According to the National Energy Agency, new sources of energy such as Kola Photovolt, Rabba Hill wind power are added, and the capacity of the escalator station can be as high as 50.3 billion kWh in the summer of peaking, adding the two estuaries to the Cora water supply, which is expected to increase by 900 million kWh in the same period. In addition to the Kola Photovolt project, the state invests
In addition, the Zala Mountains Project of 1.17 million kilowatts (kW) is under construction at a clean energy base where the electric Yagi River is co-demonstrated with electricity. Recent developments include: 380,000 kW in 2022, an increase of 161.7 per cent in the same year; and 1,180 million kWh in 1-3023, a rise of 214.1 per cent compared to the same period last year, in which the new photovolt project Gon was added.
According to the public response to investors, the company's 14th Five-Year Development Plan aims to deliver 10 million kilowatts of new energy by 2025. According to the tender announcement issued by the e-commerce platform of the Group, 3m23 has completed the collection of equipment for a total of 10.7 million kilowatts of photovoltaic projects.
The results of the winning bid for the construction supervision services for the purchase and installation of buildings were made public and the resources for the new energy projects were fully stocked; 75.1 per cent of them were photovoltaic projects under single-body assembly code 200mw, which were viable by the end of 2025.
The total size of the clean energy base is 20gw (10gw each for hydropower and photovoltaic), with an on-line electricity capacity of approximately 57.1 billion kWh. Construction began gradually during the "145" period, with electricity delivery scheduled to start in 2030 and complete in 2035.
For the past three years, the net operating cash flow of companies has remained almost 15 billion yuan and is growing.
At 3.2. Yunnan’s power load is growing at a high rate, and there is still room for upscaling in intra-provincial market-based electricity prices. The company’s market-trading power volume is nearly 70%, and in the past it was affected by a discount on market-based electricity prices for clean energy in Yunnan province.
In the company's power stations, the new energy power plants, which had been connected to the grid prior to July 2023, were in the category of priority power generation, which was acquired by the Yunnan network in full security; and in accordance with the Circular on the Purchase of Power in Guangdong, which is the point of transmission of the power plant from the upper Yanjiang, 2021-2023, priority was given to the company's fleet in 2021-2023.
Transfers are arranged according to the power plant ' s multi-year average of 23,600 million kWh; of these, 20 billion kWh are insured, 300 kWh/mWh on-line (including taxes), 3.6 billion kWh are insured by competitive prices, and the upper grid price formula is 300 kW/mw - the weighted average drop in the volume of marketed tradable electricity in Guangdong Province during the month: the rest
The amount of electricity arranged by the hydroelectric power stations above 500kv (Siwan Bay, Shizud, Gyeonghong, Kwanghong Bridge, Dragon Open) falls under the category II priority electricity premium. According to the company's open responses to investors, Yunnan's network has agreed on a price of approximately 0.24 kWh/kW for the net Guangdong: the remaining amount of locally consumed electricity is involved in marketized transactions.
Prior to the 14th Five-Year Plan, Yunnan hydroelectric companies had a much larger discount on their average combined prices under competitive market conditions. In 2013 and 2014, large-scale ladder hydropower stations in the Yandang and Kinsha River basins were concentrated, with insufficient demand for electricity in Yunnan Province combined with relatively slow construction of outlet corridors, leading to a total excess supply of electricity and water discards.
Under the guidance of the Circular on Improving Electricity Price Development Mechanisms for Electricity and Water Access, issued by the INDRA in January 2014, Yunnan has been exploring alternative market digestion methods for surplus hydropower since 2014 and completing the conversion of trading centre shares in 2016. From the results of the direct trade in clean energy in the province, the average annual transaction price before 2021 is 0.18.
Up/down the dollar/kwh, Yunnan’s electricity connection price discounts were close to 0.1 yuan/kwh compared to the price of the poles. The public sector’s consumption of electricity and water from 50% up/up to the year was absorbed through intra-provincial marketized transactions, resulting in a higher average cost of electricity access than comparable companies.
During the “13th Five-Year” period, the problem of water disposal in Yunnan Province was highlighted in figure 30: 2018-2022, where the price of electricity on the clean energy market was high, Yunnan was introduced into high-energy industries such as electrolytic aluminium and industrial silicon, and local demand for electricity has continued to rise in recent years.
During the year, Yunnan lost 31.5 billion kilowatt-hours of water. Since 2017, Yunnan has attracted a concentration of hydropower aluminium and hydropower silicon industries through preferential electricity prices. During the five-year period 2017-2021, Yunnan industrial silicon capacity grew from about 510,000 tons to about 1.12 million tons, an increase of 119.6 per cent; electrolytic aluminium production capacity grew from 1585 million tons.
On the basis of the assumption that the industrial silicon ton of electricity consumes about 12,000 kWh, the electrolytic aluminium ton combined average electricity consumption is about 13543 kWh, the industrial silicon and electrolytic aluminum bring about an increase in electricity demand of about 73.2 million kWh in Yunnan Province and 38.53 billion kWh in Yunnan Province, respectively, fundamentally changing the electricity supply and demand situation in Yunnan Province in recent years.
In Yunnan province, where the demand for electricity was maintained at a high rate of 6.4% for five years between 2018 and 2022, Yunnan's electricity supply and demand shifted to a chronic shortage of electricity after entering the 14th Five-Year Plan, which will support the upward trend in intra-Provincial market-based electricity prices. Since 2018, Yunnan's energy and electricity demand has been on the rise for a new round of growth, with a clearly short capacity-building cycle.
By the end of the “1450” period, the potential for electrolytic aluminium production in Yunnan is expected to reach 8 million tons, while the large hydropower projects that were launched during the “1405” period are only Udong, White Crane Beach, Toba hydroelectric plants, and Uburi Yunnan has only 10 billion kilowatts of electricity consumed. New power sources are dominated by new sources of energy, such as photovoltaics, but they are not yet available.
By the end of the 14th century, Yunnan’s electricity supply and demand balance is expected to be in balance. With the tight balance between supply and demand, Yunnan’s market-based electricity prices are expected to rise in 2021.
Since then, electricity prices have stabilized at more than 0.20 yuan/kwh. The load-use properties do not match the power-generating properties of the power structure, and the structural contradictions of “dry” persist. The power supply in Yunnan is largely dependent on the high cost of decommissioning high-energy industries such as electrolytic aluminium and industrial silicon.
Hydropower supports, but there are few large hydropowers with a capacity to regulate, compared to only 10% of the power plants of 6,000 kW and above in the province; the random, intermittent and volatile nature of new energy sources poses a huge challenge to the safe and stable operation of the grid.
High impact, and unique geographical and climatic conditions determine that its maximum load throughout the year tends to occur during peak winters (dry water), with provincial electricity supply and demand characterized by “suffering, overall narrowness, and a certain gap.” Given the contradictions in power supply and demand in the province, the price of water in Yunnan is expected to rise by $0.02/kwh in 24 years.
In 2023, the south-west water returned to normal, and on 30 October 2023, Yunnan's various electrolytic aluminium plants were again informed of load tubes, ranging from 8.7 to 40 per cent of the pressure reduction of the provincial electrolytic aluminium enterprise, the theory being about 1.15 million tons of production reduction, and the rate of electrolytic aluminium start-up fell significantly from 93.6 per cent of 10 m23 to 74.4 per cent of the electricity supply and demand in the province.
The lack of electricity supply and demand during the dry water cycle is a factor that will support the rise in the top of the market price. The monthly clean energy fraction of Yunnan Province, where the weighted average electricity price fluctuates by 10% of the average annual market price for the previous three years, i.e., in 2024, the monthly electricity charge for the water cycle is expected to reach about $0.29/kwh.
The company has built two major multi-year reservoirs, where scarce hydropower can be converted. The company is transporting mini Bay reservoirs, with 9.9 billion cubic metres of reservoirs, and thugs, with 11.34 billion cubic metres of reservoirs.
With a relatively strong multi-year regulatory capacity, it has the function of stabilizing the dead generation in Yunnan Province. Small Bay hydroelectric power plants have a combined capacity of 55:45, which is greater than the dead generation of the dead; on the one hand, they provide greater support for the safe and stable operation of the grid, and on the other hand they can be more expensive.
High levels of dead are expected to lead to more electricity sales. In the future, these are expected to be made possible by the construction of two major upstream hydroelectric plants, such as American and ancient water. The river basin-wide “four reservoirs” combines quarterly, annual and multi-year capacity to regulate water resources within the river basin.
Yunnan Province has a time-price policy for drying and peaking. The monthly prices for clean energy in the province are close to the annual average prices for the year in June, and the average price for the year 2020-2023 (June-October) will further increase the average price of electricity on the Internet by regulating reservoir storage.
The first half of the three hydroelectric plants (most of the month was dry) and the second half (most of the month was full) each accounted for the entire year of electricity generation. Investors asked about the depreciation of the company ' s generator unit, transformer equipment, hydraulic machinery equipment for 12 years and the year of depreciation of the construction of the hydroelectric plant.
For 45 years, it is at the lowest level for comparable companies using average age depreciation. As mentioned earlier, the company's two crews at the Kugo Bridge, seven crews at the Quantico Bridge and four crews at the Dragon Open will be depreciated over time in 2024 and 2025, corresponding to 240 and 4.04 million kilowatts for two years, respectively.
Figure 40: Depreciation of company hydroelectric dams and machinery equipment at the lower of average age
To show upward trends and move closer to the same industry average (%) Depreciation of inventory of hydroelectric equipment is expected to release close to 1 billion dollars in profits. Total static investment in hydroelectric plants is mainly due to construction work, purchase and installation of mechanical and electrical equipment, and acquisition of metal-structured equipment
In addition, according to the Interim Provisions for the Financial Evaluation of the Hydropower Construction Project (on a trial basis), the cost of a dedicated package of transmission and conversion projects should be included.
Of the cost of electricity generation. According to The Cost and Cost of Corrosion of Hydropower Equipment and Major Buildings, the cost of permanent construction in the investment structure is approximately 32 - 45 per cent; the cost of acquisition and installation of mechanical and electrical equipment is about 18 - 25 per cent; the cost of temporary construction is about 15 - 20 per cent; and the cost of migration and of water-inundation losses in the storage area is combined with other costs.
Since hydroelectric power plants are generally located far away from the loading centre, the investment in transmission projects may sometimes reach more than 30% of the investment in the hydroelectric plants themselves.
Based on the assumption that the acquisition and installation of mechanical and electrical equipment will account for approximately 21.5 per cent of the total investment, the corresponding investment for each of the three power stations would be about 0.4, 0.9, and 600 million yuan. It is expected that the depreciation of the aforementioned plant equipment will bring about total investment in 2024, 2025 public Toba and hard beams of approximately $20.3 and $16.10 billion, respectively, with an expected increase in the postnatal period.
The old fees are about $70 million, $560 million. The two newly established hydroelectric plants are expected to receive an additional $2.4 billion in revenue for the company when they are fully operational, while the total depreciation cost of the company is expected to increase by only about $300 million by 2025.
The hard beam plant, which is 11.16 million kilowatts (assembly: 4 x 27+3.6), is scheduled to be powered in June 2024 and will be fully operational in April 2025. Assuming that the hard beam plant will be installed in 2024 with 2 270 thousand kilowatt units and the remaining fleet will be operational in 2025, the company is expected to have approximately 2560/2754811 kilowatts in 23-25, respectively.
From the invitations to bid issued by the E-George platform, as of 3m23, the results of the bid for the purchase of equipment for a total of 10,077,000 kilowatts and the construction supervision services for the construction of the construction installation works had been published, with single-body loading machines accounting for 75.1 per cent of the projects below 200mw, and the feasibility of such projects to be completed within two years was based on a greater degree of feasibility.
Hydropower operations: assuming average utility hours in 23-25 years for the company, 4114/4243/4245 hours respectively. Hydropower operations: Based on tight electricity supply and demand in Yunnan Province, which is marked by inflammation, it is expected that marketed electricity prices for clean energy for the period 2023-2025 will float at the top, i.e. 10 per cent above the average market price for the past three years.
New energy business: Considering that the company ' s stock of wind power is a guaranteed premium for the acquisition of the band subsidy project, and that no new wind power projects are expected to be produced in 23-25 years, it is assumed that the company ' s wind power access price will remain unchanged at 0.439 USD/kwh. The monthly power levels for coal combustion will be implemented at 80% of the full capacity of the grid starting from 1st of the current month in Yunnan Province, and 20% will be involved in marketized transactions.
On the basis of the current policy on the price of Internet access for photovoltaics, which became operational in 2024 and 2025, it is expected that the company's 23-25-year-old photovoltaic operation: the hydropower itself will have a more stable cost structure based on fixed costs. Since 2018, the company's electricity cost has remained constant at around 0.09/kwh. On this basis, it is assumed that the company's electricity supply for 23-25-year-olds will be more stable.
The operating cost is $0.09/kwh. New energy business: The company is not expected to have a new wind power project for 23-25 years, assuming operating costs of $ 1.1.1.1/120 million for 23-25 years, respectively, taking into account the increased operational time of the wind power station and the increased cost of transport costs.
With regard to photovoltaics, given that the current year's installed increment will normally be reflected as an increase in electricity generation in the following year, the cost of investment is estimated at $3,800/w for the 2022 photovoltaic project, $3,200/w for the 2023-2025 photovoltaic project and 90 per cent for depreciation: the production and sale of electricity in the company's main battalion is a mature industry, and the cost rates are expected to remain stable overall.
Cost of sales: The main customer of the power generation is a grid company, with a traditional cost of sales of zero per cent. However, with the continuous deepening of the power market reform, the long-term orientation of new sources of energy into the market is only a matter of time.
Thousands of kilowatts of hydroelectric power plants and about 6.73 million kilowatts of photovoltaic projects, with no additional hydropower capacity for comparable companies during the same period. Markets usually reflect early expectations of performance growth as a result of new power plants, such as the Yangtze Power Plan.
The 2023 injection of Utund and White Crane Beach power station assets led to a higher valuation in 2022 than in 2023. On this basis, the company ' s 2024 valuation is expected to remain relatively high in the industry, supported by the expected build-up.
As electricity reforms deepen, the commodity attributes of electricity grow. Companies account for nearly 70% of their marketed electricity, and prices are much more influenced by supply and demand.
The amount of hydroelectric power generation depends on the capacity to load and the number of hours spent depends on the availability of water. Although the company has two main tap reservoirs and a significant capacity to regulate, it is unable to cope with the loss of water over a longer period of time.
The company achieved an increase in electricity generation of 6.6 per cent in the sum of 12.3 per cent, 5.9 per cent and 1.7 per cent of the year in which the water accumulated in Udolong, Bay, and thong crossings; however, when the Yunnan drought persisted, the water supply of 1h23 thaloons, Little Bay and thugs were reduced by 22.5 per cent, 25.4 per cent and 28.4 per cent respectively, and the company ' s electricity generation was significantly increased by the same amount of water generated.
The wind is less than expected, the new energy project in Yunnan is highly competitive and difficult to access; policies such as the use of wood and grass for land are becoming more stringent, the project is difficult to select and open, the project is being built behind the construction of the power station, and it is more difficult to synchronize the network if the company fails to do so.
The 14th Five-Year Development Goal of 10 million kilowatts of new energy loaders by 2025 will be completed on schedule and will be published in the company ' s 9m23 Basic Rules for the Electricity Current Market ( Trial) and the 10m23 Circular on Further Acceleration of the Construction of the Electricity Current Market (No. 813), which will provide clarity on the progress of the construction of the provincial/regional and inter-provincial electricity spot markets
Electricity markets adapted to new power systems will be priced differently according to the different characteristics of power power power, reliability, flexibility, and cleanliness. New energy sources, because of their intermittent and unpredictable power, will face a certain risk of discounting in electricity market transactions.
In less than a month, in less than two months, in three months.