The upper-mortality group (600104): Growth is steady and high, with products coming into the new cycle of innovation in the scale of joint branding. With the benefit of 16 years of overall prosperity in the country’s automobile market, the company has been able to sell 6,488.7 million vehicles throughout the year, an increase of 9.95 per cent over the same year.
(a) The company ' s public sales amounted to 2.0.18 million vehicles, an increase of 10.47 per cent in the same year, becoming the first country to sell more than 2 million vehicles per year; the general sales of the upper gas sales amounted to 18.871 million vehicles, an increase of 7.71 per cent in the same year, and the second largest in the number of cars;
With 2,1302 vehicles sold in Mitsubishi, which grew by 4.42 per cent on the same date, the total number of cars sold remained the highest in the country, while the number of cars sold in the country was boosted by the Bolshevik brand, and the number of cars sold in the company's own brand became the highlight of the year, with a total of 3,217,000 sold throughout the year.
Cars, which grew by 89% in the same year, have increased sales well above the industry average. Among them, the Sov-Virx5 version of the Internet concept has been marketed and is now sold to 20,000 vehicles per month; Autonomous Brand Commercial Motors has been sold throughout the year.
It is a matter of concern that, as a result of joint ventures between controlling subsidiaries and foreign investors, combined statements and the innovation of overseas market sales, the company ' s annual overseas market revenue amounted to $30.389 billion.
• The company ' s overall Māori rate rose, with the cost rate rising over the period to as high as 60 per cent; the cost was 10.11 per cent, an increase of 1.10 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to the public.
A significant increase in the Department’s transport costs has led to an increase in the cost of sales. It is mentioned that the company’s cash dividend of $1.65 per share for the current year has reached 60.23 per cent, and the company’s share has reached more than 50 per cent for several years.
In 2017, the company will be in the middle of a new product cycle, and in terms of joint venture brands, it will have a brand-new mass view, seven suvs, Ron, Scoda, seven suv Kodiacs, Chevylanders, and so on.
Products have matched current domestic consumption trends and are expected to achieve high sales, leading to a new increase in sales; in the case of autonomous brands, rx5 is expected to remain hot for sale, while the new car, Emeritus 6, has been marketed and sales are expected to continue to rise.
We expect that the company’s performance will continue to grow in the light of the trend towards the gradual sale of new and autonomous brand models. Nine, eight and seven times, respectively, and autonomy, given the new product cycle of corporate brands.
At the same time, companies maintain a high rate of dividends, security margins, and long-term investment values. We maintain the company’s “prudentially recommended” investment rating.
Joining the Department of Chinese Securities Research and Development, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry reports that Chinese securities are produced for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.