Up-supplier groups (600104.ss) are performing as expected; new sales of suv will either accelerate growth from the second quarter; Up-suppliers announced on 4 April that they would achieve income/profit RMB 222 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared to RMB 89 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016.
The forecast for High China is 7.2 per cent/0.1 per cent lower than expected, largely attributable to: 1) lower-than-expected sales of autonomous brand names as a result of the unfavourable product structure; 2) lower-than-expected returns from joint ventures offset by lower-than-anticipated sales management costs. Meanwhile, because of strong cash flows, companies announced a rate of 60 per cent.
According to the presentation, due to a strong product cycle, sales are expected to grow faster from the second quarter of this year, particularly in the suv model: three popular cars, including a new routel (on the market), a popular drive to London and Skot (600104, ss)
Dakodiac (to be on the market in the second quarter of this year); Air General Chevy Explorer; Autonomous brand, the average of the 0a-shareautos industry, rx3, Monsignor zs and Bo 510. Management also indicated that it would continue to focus on “electricization, networking, intelligence”.
For a full description of the investment summary indicators, see the information disclosure section of this report.
The main risks are: the weakening of the margin of acquisition tax preferences has led to a weakening of the Chinese automobile market; competition has led to a weakening of the volume/profit margin of the upper group; there is uncertainty in the negotiations with Audi on the joint venture.
Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should not view information in the appendix to the disclosure of information or contact your investment representative, taking into account that the company may have a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report.
Upstream group: summary financial data, who contributed to this report.
We, Mr. Yang, would like to state here that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns, industry status, and management levels of cash investments (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Yang Xiaopen: a car, Chinese car. Ting Xing: a car, Chinese car. a car: Jiang Xiao, Chang An, a car, car, glass (a), Wall (a), Wall (a), China, auto, upper gas group, chassis (a), Weifu Gaucoa.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: the Upper Gas Group (rmb25.77).
Goldman Sachs has an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: upper steam group (rmb25.77), corporate rating, research industry, and rating and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a buy-in or sell rating and has an active rating (i.e., stocks that are not suspended, temporarily rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating.
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, which is suspended at the level of overall potential returns (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High-City Securities.