We're going to be the first to be able to do our part, and we're going to be able to do our part, and we're going to be able to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do our part, and we're going to do it.
Before that, two joint ventures will be set up between the upper-gas group and the Ninder era, the New Power Generations and Automobiles and Parts and Components Industry Research Group.
The two sides have invested more than $10 billion in new-energy motor batteries, building up advanced batteries and high-powered communications, leading a smart travel service that will move to China in the near future, sign a tripartite cooperation framework agreement between China and China.
There has already been cooperation with China’s mobile and Chinese companies in the area of smart driving. With this tripartite cooperation framework, the company will further expand its tripartite cooperation in the area of car networking, with positive stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months)
In addition, the company will work with China, China, China, to explore “5g joint innovation” in the future, with a view to achieving a multiplicity of synergies. The company’s Internet, Suv Eunweirx5, was marketed in 2016, with an average monthly sales of about 20,000 vehicles, and current single-month sales.
It remains at over 15,000 vehicles, and we expect 200,000 vehicles this year to be the core product of the Department’s autonomous brand.
The company and Ningde will form two joint ventures in Xiaoyang, Jiangsuzhou, where the power cells will be limited to companies and upper-air power cell systems. The capital of the gas register will be $2 billion, mainly for the development, production, sale and after-sale services of lithium ion batteries, lithium polymer batteries, etc.;
The project provides for the construction of a total power cell capacity of 36gwh (36 billion Whh) with a total area of more than 2,000 acres, of which a total investment of about 10 billion yuan (approximately 800 acres) is planned for the end of 2018.
The upper gas group, a company that was involved in new energy cars earlier in the country, has access to the three core technologies of power-driven motor vehicles, power cells, power-control. In the new energy sector, it has introduced QE 550, QErx5, and so on.
The Ninder era, the country ' s largest power cell manufacturer, has now established a complete research and development, manufacturing system in the power and storage cell area, a whole industry chain layout for materials, power cores, battery systems, battery recovery. In 2016, the Ninder era produced 6.8gwh (68 billion W).
In China’s lithium-ion-powered battery-related market, the market share of the Ningde era has reached that of the Upper Gas Group and the Ningde era, which expands from a whole new energy vehicle up to the industrial chain in the future with the prospect of industrial co-development. At the same time, we believe that companies are working with the new energy-powered battery giants.
It is hoped that the company’s battery supply and quality assurance in the context of the rapid development of new energy vehicles will also be of great benefit to the company’s future efforts to reduce the cost of new energy vehicles. The establishment of the joint venture provides sufficient guarantees for the company’s future development of the new energy automobile industry.
As of May 2017, the company's own brand had accumulated about 200,000 vehicles in passenger cars, which has been growing at a higher rate than the previous year. In addition, unlike Emeritus, which is located in domestic passenger cars, the title is located mainly in the year.
A light-tempered client group increases the diversity of the company’s autonomous branding market. We expect that the company’s own brand will continue to grow at a high rate in the second half of the year.
For example, after large passenger cars such as Vision I and Toyon, the public is growing rapidly in sales in the future, and the product structure has improved (high-priced cars have increased). The general model covers three major brands, Caddy Rake, Berk and Chevrolet, and the product covers from economic to luxury vehicles.
In 2016, Cadillac’s sales grew at the fastest rate, reaching 46% of the year-on-year increase in the three major brands, and we expect that Shanghai General will continue to grow steadily, backed by Buick’s performance.
In the future, we keep looking at the upper-mortality group. We expect corporate revenue from 2017/2018/2019 to be less than expected in 2017 as a whole, and from the spread of new energy vehicles.
Figure 5: p/eband Chart 6: p/bbandtu Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree in the People ' s University of China and currently President of the United Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.