Replenishment Company, Power for Life Electric, Wisdom for More Events: The full-time subsidiary of the company, Chongqing Sunzheng Yi-soon House, Inc., intends to cash it in cash to all Heil Jijit (600690).
At the same time, the company formed the Ministry of Wisdom and Power for Life as a strategic unit at the corporate level, headed by the Vice-President of the company, Mr. Xin Quixiang.
In response to a new trend in the development of appliances for life, a first-level strategic unit has been set up.
Two new landwashers were launched in October, and 6878 landwashers were sold on the Heil platform in November, ranking 10th in the platform. Hal now includes cleaning appliances, new kitchen appliances, smart furniture products and other new and emerging appliances to create a life of wisdom.
The strategic units at the level of the Ministry and the deputy director reflect the importance that companies attach to the business of appliances, and in the future the company will use its overall resources to provide general technology for the company, research and development, marketing networks, and full-scale support for digital operations.
From electricity to small household electricity, to create intelligent life together. In addition to investing in more new products, companies can combine their appliances with the original electrical scenes, supplementing the three-winged bird scenes with intelligent balconys, living rooms, kitchens, bathrooms, etc., for consumers.
Provision of more comprehensive and detailed home-wide clean-up, healthy cooking, comfortable environment and intelligent care solutions to strengthen the strategic capacity of the company to network goods; and, while providing a smart life for consumers, the inclusion of more disaggregated sku helped to raise the income of the package and boost the company's income
Internal and external repairs, overall development, and Heir's keeping the industry in the lead. With multiple adverse factors, such as recurrent outbreaks, price increases for raw materials, low end demand, Heil's first 3q collected and returned to the mother's net profit by +9.2/+14.6 per cent, respectively, after removing Kao's and Hal's electrical appliances.
In the “one-man” model, the company’s landscape brand, three-wing birds, continued to land, and as of December 2021, 1,073 shops had been opened throughout the country to serve as consumers.
We believe that the ever-expanding platform of intelligent life will provide a sustained dynamic for corporate business growth.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect corporate income for 21-23 years to be: the millennium is not easy, and three risk factors: the demand for appliances in life is not as high as expected, the cost of raw materials rises significantly, and overseas
\triangleright Markets Unexploitated, High-end Market Demand Unexpected, Surgery/Scenario Education
There are not as many expectations, large fluctuations in exchange rates, recurrent overseas epidemics leading to insufficient demand for exports.cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
He worked in the tp-link hardware development department for the development of commercial communications equipment.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.