q3 has outperformed expectations and steadily increased profitability net profits of $9,935 million, or +57.68 per cent. q3 has achieved operating income of $58,684 million, or +16.88 per cent, excluding the effects of Caos operations, q3 operating income of +9.2 per cent, and net repatriation.
The city's share has been rising steadily, and the global layout has brought about an advantage in the industrial chain. According to the internal market sub-channels, the first 3-q company, according to the Mid-Ekang report, has a cumulative share of empty ice washing and water heaters, respectively.
For the offshore market, the former 3q company had an average revenue of +16.8%, operating profit margins were higher than in 2020 +1.7 pct, and the Heir business expansion had economies of scale, with the global production layout responding to the company.
Issues such as raw material inflation, rising maritime transport costs, etc., provide the advantage of global supply chain platforms, bypassing the sector, steadily increasing profitability, and digitalizing efficiency. 21q3 achieves Māori sales \triangleright
q3 q3 q3 q1 q1 q1 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q2 q2 q2 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q q2 q2 q1 q1 q q2 q2 q1 q2 q q1 q2 q2 q2 q q q q2 q2 q2 q q q2 q2 q2 q q2 q2 q q2 q q q q2 q q q q2 q q q q q q q q 2 q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q 2 q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q 2 q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q
Cost rates of 16.05/4.33/4.23/0.004 per cent, respectively, are high relative rates of client efficiency, increases in unit prices, and control of sales and management costs, including through continuous exploration of organizational performance efficiency, while companies remain committed to product renewal and system rotation, and therefore public
The Division ' s R & D cost rate is still rising; operating cash flows are good and business efficiency is improving continuously. 1) q3 end of company cash + transactional financial assets + other current assets totalled $47.268 billion, compared to the beginning of the period - 8.94 per cent;
(ii) In view of the liquidity situation, the working days of the company ' s inventory, accounts receivable and accounts receivable have increased by +4.17/+3.91, respectively, mainly because of the increase in the volume of revenue resulting in an increase in accounts receivable and reserve.
Net cash flow from Sinda Securities Inc. is $4,935 million, corresponding to 21.09 per cent; q3 investment activities result in the current cindasecuitiesco.,ltd
Net gold currents of $1.97 billion, compared to $633 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the reduction of cash from the 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing and the increase in cash flow expenditure from investments; and net cash flows from fund-raising activities in q3
Focus on high-end brands, landscape brands, eco-branding. Re-validation of global power taps. \triangleright’s focus on high-end brands in all markets around the world, optimization of product structures, ahead of domestic markets
3q Kassati revenues + 57%, cooking power sales + 123%, air conditioning + 68.6%, overseas markets, consistent strategy, U.S. market gea insists on high-end product upgrading consumer experience, high-end multiple refrigerators, oven stoves sustained double-digit increases, with European companies working through Haier and Haier.
Hoover has launched more high-end product combinations, and the Japanese market aqua has accelerated the enrichment of high-end product tectonics. Hale is a global home power tap, facing the negative fluctuations in the environment of low domestic consumption demand, raw materials, exchange rates, shipping, etc.
Strengths, systemic adjustment of production sales and risk avoidance; firm adherence to branding strategies, push for high-end branding, condominiumization, intelligent transformation, enhancement of brand value, promotion of a stable rise in domestic markets, rapid expansion of overseas markets; constant restructuring of organizational structures and digital transformation
Deepening internal efficiency. We think the company has the ability to expand its size further and raise its profitability.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to earn \triangleright for 21-23 years.
Two-degree M.A. in & Management, less than expected, less widespread education in tp-link products, more volatile exchange rates, and recurrent export demand due to overseas epidemics.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.