I'm going to have to put a code on it. I'm going to have to keep my business in line with the long-term development of Heil Jiji.
On December 15, 2021, the company announced that it was going to raise $3.5 billion to fully funded subsidiaries and set up the Ministry of Smart Living. We expect this increase to enhance the company's competitiveness in the field of household electricity and to be associated with the current situation.
There are people who complement each other by promoting intelligent families and opening up new opportunities for growth. Keeping profit predictions and maximizing the integration of resources, working together to support intelligent family strategies that guarantee long-term corporate development.
The company will use its overall resources to provide universal technology research and development, centralized purchasing, marketing networks, etc., from product production and development to marketing. We believe that this time, the field of home power can contribute to the company’s new and emerging products, on the one hand, and the existing electricity on the other.
A combination of goods and a network of intelligent families, together to enhance the experience of networking sites, thus safeguarding the company’s long-term development. Quality of life, smart home, has become a new engine of growth in the field of household electricity, and prospects for intelligent life business development are high.
Smart lights, smart door locks, smart little home appliances, etc., are at the forefront of the growth rate, and home-wide smart resolution programmes are becoming one of the major drivers of market growth. In addition, Eurowise data show that the cleaning industry of 2021-2023 earns $562 million, and there is still much room for growth in corporate intellectual life business.
Corporate Information Update - q3 performance is in line with the prognosis and continues to focus on the logic of improving net interest rates, long-term focus on the landing of intelligent household electricity, and the long-term logic of raising net interest rates -
High-end billing, top-up supply chain optimization for Māori, change management improvements in digital platforms, and cost reductions continue to look forward to the continued realization of the logic of improved net corporate interest rates. Looking ahead, with intelligent lifelines, corporate update report 2021h1 performance high
Electricity is falling and intelligent family solutions are maturing, and companies are expected to rise to new growth points. Add, the logic of improved net interest rates continues to materialize - Corporate Information Update - Equity Incentives