Wei Hongmei, November 1st, 2021.
q3 in 2021, the company's performance was as expected. For the first three quarters, the company achieved total operating income Research Assistant: 100% share in Hale electrical appliances by gloating and privatizing the city.
Contribution to income and profits for the same period, and assuming 100 per cent possession of electrical appliances for the same period last year, the company ' s accumulated income and net return profits in the first three quarters of 2021 increased by 9.2 per cent and 14.6 per cent, respectively, over the same period in 2020.
China’s smart family business continued to grow rapidly. In the first three quarters of 2021, the smart family of China and its income from his business grew by 4.0 per cent on October 29, 2021; if the effects of the kaos business were removed, it would be the same caliber.
By comparison, revenues in the first three quarters grew by 24.3% on a year-on-year basis, and companies were determined to deepen their high-end brand lines, develop eco-scenario brands, and provide home-wide solutions in the areas of food, clothing, water, air energy, etc. In the first three quarters of 2021, Kassarty’s revenues grew by 57% on a year-on-year basis, and in the markets for the whole and all categories of goods.
Roe (ttm) Households with Power and Wisdom abroad grew faster. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies earned income from overseas operations.
The company’s overseas operations continued to grow at a faster pace, mainly because of: 1 persistently insisting on the three-tier home-grown layout of R & D, manufacturing and marketing, providing differentiated solutions, with overseas regional performance leading the industry.
The overseas epidemic has been repeated, and companies have continued to deepen their online layout, working with leading power providers and increasing their share. Underline, there has been a continuous increase in offline network coverage, leading to high-end and landscape eco-brand breakthroughs through retail transformation.3 Leveraging the advantages of global supply chain platforms and global synergies.
Companies ' profitability levels are still rising at the same rate under upward cost pressures such as inflation in raw materials, shortage of spare parts, increased international logistics costs, changing patterns of use. While the original material costs rose significantly in the first three quarters of 2021, the company ' s Māori ratio rose by 2.2 percentage points to 30.2 per cent in the same year.
The increase in the Māori ratio is mainly due to measures to optimize product structure, production and operational efficiency in both domestic and foreign markets, and to continue to optimize the supply chain abroad.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.