Tungway shares (600438) and technology costs are both leading, starting the Silicon Kings era.
Substitution of national production accelerated and pattern optimized: China began expanding its photovoltile multi-crystal silicon capacity in 2009, with 16 years of production close to 50%, and the share of domestic silicon in recent years has increased steadily, reaching 34.2 million tons of domestic silicon in 2019, or 67.3% of global production, with national substitution accelerating. From 18 years q3 to the present, silicon prices have fallen rapidly from about 160 yuan/kg to about 60 yuan/kg, with prices falling sharply.
▪ The technology overlap has slowed and the subsequent advantage has faded: looking to the future, the factors driving the transformation of the silicon industry have gradually weakened and the subsequent advantage has faded: (1) smooth operation of industries without new technologies in the price parity era and slower decline; (2) China's high electricity prices and labour costs, and the transfer of low domestic electricity prices in the western part of the country has been completed; and (3) improvements in the Siemens are expected to maintain their advantage over the long term.
But only Tung Wai has proposed a clear future expansion plan, with real capacity expected to reach 315,000 tons by the end of 2023, capacity plus code, and swords for silicon taps.
▪ Multi-pronged approach, with clear cost advantages: the company ' s Māori ratio is significantly higher than that of its peers, with the company ' s cost advantages arising mainly from cost splitting, the annual report of Tonway (600438) & one quarter, arising out of five areas: low electricity prices, high automation, lower labour costs, low depreciation resulting from a back-up advantage, technological innovation
Report Review: The bottom of the profit base is now in place, and future stability will bring organizational dynamism to the low-energy, efficient Amiba management system.
▪ Technology leads, catch on to the n-type trend: in the context of monochrystal status, multi-crystalization, single-crystal price spreads, speed, planning super-expected ratio of single crystals from 2020-03-20 is up to 95% and above, and is in absolute industry leadership.
At the end of the year, 43% of the N-type supply capacity will be achieved, with a gradual increase in the N-type ratio to 80% by 2021 as the new capacity climbs. At the same time, the company’s future targets are for new capacity, further technological improvements will be made to increase purity, move towards electronic-grade multi-crystal silicon, and re-engineer alternative national production routes for silicon.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: assumption: 1) we expect future silicon price increases based on a judgement of future silicon supply and demand constraints; 1. Import substitution chain shift, pattern optimization significantly improves profitability 1.1. Import substitution, industrial chain gradual shift
Early technology routes, foreign technology monopoly, domestic import substitution are blocked, and import substitution is gradually moving to fast lanes after 11 years of improved Siemens applications. Silicon imports are high, and national production continues to replace them.
Because of the steady expansion of China’s multi-crystal silicon capacity, the proportion of imported multi-crystal silicon has been declining steadily since 12 years. In 19 years, 135,000 tons of polycrystal silicon were imported, accounting for about 30%, mainly from the United States, Germany, and South Korea.
In 2011, the world’s multi-crystal silicon market was monopolized by old European-American leaders like Oci, Wak, and Hemlock. After the improved Siemens method was introduced, the confluence emerged, with China’s low electricity prices and low manpower costs becoming industry leaders.
In 2019, China, the top 10 multi-crystal silicon companies in the world, accounted for seven, and the industrial chain gradually shifted to China.
Looking ahead, the drivers of change in the silicon sector have been weakened and the post-optimal advantage has been diluted: (i) in an era of price parity, new technologies have not hit the sector with smooth operations and slower declines; (ii) China has a clear advantage in electricity prices and labour costs, with domestic production capacity; the transfer of low-cost regions in the west has been completed; and (iii) the post-opposition advantage has been diluted and the cost of investment has slowed down.
1.2.1 The flat operation of the new technology-free shock industry in the price-neutral era slows down the global multi-crystal silicon production processes, mainly trichloride silicon (improvement of the Siemens), silicon and fluidized bed methods. The trichlorohydro silicon approach reduces energy consumption per unit of product through the use of large reduction furnaces, sicl4 hydrogenization and tail dryings
By contrast, the silicone method, although it has low temperature requirements, has high costs, explosive risk, low safety, and conversion efficiency. Fluiding the production energy of granular silicon is lower than that of trichlorohydrosilium, but it is less safe, more dangerous and less productive.
As a result, the trichlorohydrosilicon method is currently the most mature, least risky and easiest to expand in the production of polycrystal silicon, most of which is used in the country’s existing multicrystal silicon plants, both inside and outside of the country.
Models have begun to infiltrate the country, with more than 90% of the trichlorohydrosilicon technology route now in excess of a decade. Cpia expects no major changes in the technology route in the future, remains dominated by trichlorosilicon, the non-technology impacting industry has achieved a stable Chinese electricity price and labour cost advantage, and the transfer of low domestic energy prices has been completed.
The cost structure of silicon is broken down to see higher electricity, steam, and manual consumption. Silicon heavy asset investments are part of the chemical industry, and it is more difficult to stop manufacturing in the light-voltage four stages, and it is not easy to stop when machines start, so the cash cost of marginal industrial capacity determines the price of multiple crystalline silicon, and cost control is particularly important for businesses.
In terms of cost structure, 34.9% of electricity is the highest overall share, with steam and manpower combined accounting for nearly 10%. In world patterns, Chinese production resources are clearly superior, with low electricity prices plus low artificial competitiveness.
In China’s view, production resources are a factor affecting the organization of the business, with the chain shifting to low-priced areas in the west. From China’s silicon production capacity, Xinjiang and interior silicon produce nearly 70% of the capacity, mainly because of low energy prices in the west.
The best electricity prices in the Xinjiang, Intramong, etc., are only 0.24 yuan/degrees, less than the highest regional electricity prices in the layout, and the cost of steam, all of which are below $4/kg, far less than in other regions, with excellent resource endowments that allow Xinjiang and the interior to emerge, and the transfer of the industrial chain to low-priced areas such as Xinjiang, Intungmong, Sichuan, Yunnan.
Domestically, Xinjiang and the low price of electricity have been scaled up, and the price of electricity has been reduced. Xinjiang, the production capacity of the interior, which accounts for almost 70% of the country, has been scaled up, and the best price of electricity in the interior, which is 0.24 yuan/degrees, has slowed down the cost of subsequent investments, and the subsequent advantage has faded.
At a cost of 985 million yuan per kiloton, it fell rapidly to 150 million yuan per kiloton in 2016, and by 2019 it was 110 million yuan per kiloton, followed by a gradual decrease, which fluctuated between 2 and 5 per cent, and a subsequent weakening of the advantage.
1.3. The output cycle has passed, the lag capacity has been accelerated to exit, the peak concentration has been accelerated, demand has weakened during the post-capability period, and the industrial price dividend has been reduced. In 19 years, China’s policy dwindled the domestic loading cliff, and in 19 years the amount of domestic light voltage was 30.22gw, a decline of 31.64 per cent. Demand growth has been slower than output growth.
The price of silicon dropped rapidly, from nearly $20/kg to $7.6/kg at the beginning of the year to $7.6/kg at the current time. In 2020, the price of multi-crystal silicon was further explored, while the cost of overseas Wuck and Oci production was higher, Vuk was in cash from 18 q3 silicon operations, and 19 q3 was short-term good for receiving insurance payments.
Oci has also shut down 520,000 tons of optical-volatile polycrystal silicon production capacity in Korea because of the fall in the price of multi-crystal silicon. In the context of the withdrawal of overseas capacity, the supply of the industry contracted, and the cash cost of marginal capacity determined the price.
Industry concentration has been rising, with five oligarchic patterns. Silicon production has passed, and the price of the chain has fallen over 20 years, reducing the willingness of silicon producers to expand, adding only 30,000 tons in Eastern hope and 20,000 tons in Eastern hope over 20 years, while overseas forecasts are about 100,000 tons out, with an increase in production in 21 years, in addition to 80,000 tons in Tonway.
No contribution, no additional capacity. The future silicon production performance is very certain because it takes 1 to 2 years to expand the silicon chain. Figure 16: The concentration of the silicon industry has increased significantly, downstream demand is better, future supply and demand is tight and profitability has improved significantly.
The supply and demand of silicon plants has increased and is expected to remain tight in the future. Against the backdrop of rising domestic and foreign high-cost production capacity, the supply of o3, the price of silicon has recovered steadily, the current Xinjiang silicon plant explosion has increased the supply tension, and silicon prices are rapidly reflected. Meanwhile, Xinjiang produces nearly 50% of domestic silicon production, and silicon accidents are frequent.
The impact on the supply side may be further increased in a context of tightening regulation. Under the conservancy scenario, we estimate global single crystal demand for 20q3, 20q4 and 21 years as a result of tight supply and demand constraints. Industry gains can be cleared and supply contracted under the epidemic.
In the future, silicon is expected to lead to a significant period of profit improvement. The 21-year silicon profits ranged from $141-367 billion to 37-56 per cent, with a high Māori rate of 37-56 per cent.
Energetic and code-based re-engineering of power 2.1. Energetic construction costs 2.1. Work costs, low depreciation due to back-up advantages, technological innovations leading to low-energy consumption and more efficient Amiba management systems
(i) Low energy consumption in low-priced areas with low-capacity distributions. All of the power-intensive energy is located in the low-priced areas of China, Mon and Sichuan, and the company's old production energy at 0.42 yuan/degree has now fallen to 0.38 yuan/degree, including head, Yunnan and Leishan.
Energy costs are as low as 0.25-0.3 yuan/degrees. The combined power consumption of tweaks has been declining in recent years and has been ahead of the level of industrial water (ii) automation, with a higher per capita output than that of peers. By modifying the level of production line automation, tweaks have significantly increased the efficiency of production management.
The company’s new production capabilities, such as the first two, the third and the second phases of the company’s future production, are as high as 83 tons per person per capita, well above the industry average, and are highly automated. The synergies with chemical production lines reduce the cost of integrated production.
The advantages of globalization are continuous technological innovation through other chemical energy pools with companies, such as pvc, salin and cement, and the recycling of current industrial chains, even with zero consumption on new projects, reduce the costs of integrated production by companies. For example, companies can recover all used silicon powder as raw material, while others can sell it at lower prices.
Figure 19: Polycrystal silicon lines combined with chemical production lines, reducing costs (iii) low investment in production lines and lower depreciation costs than industry levels. As the industry matures, equipment investments are in a downward path and gradually decline, and therefore depreciation is declining. Convergence will expand production lines in the future, with a high level of automation.
There has been a significant increase, but investment in production lines is still below industry averages, owing to the co-location of old and new plants, shared infrastructure, and the large size of the public sector. (iv) Technology research and development is strong, and innovation continues to widen the gap between peers.
Two self-developed, industry-initiated 60-to-barrel stoves have been tested, with a large-scale application of 60-to-barrel techniques in the second phase.
Progress, with multi-crystal silicon steam consumption ranging from dozens of tons to zero tons in the second phase of the new energy source in Leysan, the cost of energy consumption has been significantly reduced.
Industry is divided into a small group, each of which operates in an independent accounting system that allows it to operate independently, to be self-sufficient, to be responsible for profit outcomes, and that activates the worker’s sense of cost and business awareness while allowing each employee to consider the efficiency of the enterprise’s profits. With such a clear strategic direction, Tonhoi has achieved the increase in the photovoltaic industry.
2.2. Capacitation plus code re-engineering, strong leadership, strong re-engineering, strong leadership. We estimate 64% in the city of Cr5, 2019 silicon, and 71% in 2020.
Following the signing of the Silicon Project, the previous phase of the clean-up process is proceeding in an orderly manner, and the project is proceeding smoothly and rapidly.) According to company reports, in 2020-2023, the design capacity is expected to be 8, 15.5, 195,000 and 290,000 tons, respectively, and the pace of production is expected to generate new growth dynamics for technology to continue to lead the way.
3.1. The single crystal scale raises the structural improvement of the Māori rate, the monocrystal status is established, the single crystallized, and the price differentials for the single crystalline are increasing. 16 years of diamond cutting are rapidly spreading, the rapid application of superc technology is superb, the single crystal value ratio is becoming more visible, reaching 66% in 2019, and we expect it to be a high-level one-crystal ratio.
The single crystal scale raises the structural improvement of the Māori rate. Due to the large price differential of the single crystal, the same multi-crystal silicon capacity, the single /kg, multi-crystal containing a tax price of R$38/kg, is only about 14.7 per cent when the single crystal is 50 per cent.
When the single crystal ratio rises to 90%, the Māori ratio rises significantly to 30.5%, and the single crystal ratio rises structurally, the company silicon ratio industry leads, and the new capacity releases further increases the single crystal ratio. With the technological improvements of the first phase and the first phase, the 2020h single crystal ratio has risen to 95%, and the next Lsan II and Bosca I projects.
In the postnatal period, the overall monocrystal ratio will increase further. For the industry as a whole, the ratio of single crystals in companies is an absolute leader in the industry. 3.2.n material penetration rate increases, the company is far ahead of the battery technology changes may trigger an acceleration of the N penetration rate.
The silicon ends are ripe for new technologies that are not yet competitive; the silicon ends have been cut and replaced by single crystals, and even if future n-type batteries become mainstream, the silicon ends can easily be switched; the battery end is the most likely link for future change, except for perc, where the stored technology is based on the n-silicon, and where the N penetration rate is gradually raised with greater certainty.
With the gradual confirmation of the technological route of the N-silicon silicon, the N-type product penetration rate increases or will result in a new round of dividends for the silicon end, similar to the single crystal instead of multiple crystals, the N-type will gradually replace the P-type, and silicon manufacturers that stabilize and supply a high proportion of the N-silicon material will reap excess gains.
Corporate technology leads the way, high-simple-scale production is the first to benefit from the dividend. The company's old production capacity in late 2019 is now 20% of the N material, and we expect to supply 43% of the N material as a whole by the end of 2020. At the same time, as the quality of the material has been validated by Lungi, the Tungwig battery, the goods are being delivered in bulk every month to see the company's future n material.
3.3. Advance electron stage multi-crystal silicon, re-engineed silicon state-owned, re-engineed silicon state-owned production. Global electronic stage multi-crysilium production in 2018 was 36,000 tons, compared to +9 per cent, with a steady increase in downstream demand. Compared to solar level multi-crystal silic state 99,9999999 per cent purity, the electron level is more numerous.
The pureness of the crystal silicon requires 99.99999%, and the production of electronic-grade polysilicon materials is very demanding for product purity, impurity control, in which the separation of chlorsilicane is a key step. Trichlorohydrosilicon removal has been a technical bottleneck in the field of domestic electronic-grade polysilicon materials.
In contrast to sifting towers, which lead to high pressure, low separation efficiency, low purity, and stable technology abroad, electronic-grade multi-silicon market players are almost exclusively foreign firms in market patterns. The company’s future targets are new production capacity, further technological improvements to increase purity, move to electronic-grade multisilicone, and recalculate silicon.
4. Profit forecasting and investment advice multi-crystal silicon operations: taking into account that the company is a global silicon tap, the production capacity is expanding rapidly, and the volume of output has increased in 20-22 years.
8.4/10.00/14.0 million tons, assuming multi-crystal silicon prices of 6.7.75.71 million yuan per ton in 20-22 years, 20-22 kg, respectively Battery operations: taking into account the company's global battery blades, growing production capacity, 20-22 years of delivery, assumptions: 1) we expect future silicon price increases based on the tight supply of and demand for silicon materials; 2) public assumption
Silicon operations have cost advantages, capacity plus codes, battery operations have cost advantages, and feed operations have grown steadily, giving companies 1) competition has increased. There are more competitors in the photovolt silicon, battery film industries, and production can expand, with further competition affecting the profitability of firms.
2. The problem of grid depletion is limited. New sources of energy are consumed or affected by grid depletion. Although energy competitiveness is strong in terms of electricity consumption costs, overall installed growth is subject to administrative restrictions and intervention.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board