Investment rating: buy-in (first time) good short-term demand in the industry, domestic gains from this year's bid and last year's parities, demand from season to season
The company’s silicon taps, the rapid expansion of low-cost silicon production capacity, have led to a rapid rise in the city’s current capacity of 80,000 tons of silicon, or about 14% of the city’s current capacity; and rely on low-priced areas for electricity through production.
Efficiency gains and cost controls, with the lowest cost of $395,000 per ton, and still space for decline, lay the foundation for expansion; silicon expansion cycles, large investments, higher entry thresholds guarantee stable patterns, overseas high-cost enterprises are withdrawing, leading to increased concentration; and few new capacity, public and private, will be available for the next two years.
The Division’s aggressive expansion plan is expected to raise the city’s share to about 40%. The company’s battery blades, large-scale layouts plus new technologies, leading technology and low-cost accelerated expansion, large-sized battery sizes with high power and high conversion efficiency in the application of new technologies, have been a trend in recent years.
The company’s price compares to the depth of 300 test wires; the company’s battery not silicon cost is the lowest in the industry at $0.19/w. Based on technological leadership and cost advantages, the expansion of the company’s capacity is evident in competition for relatively decentralized capacity.
Short-term corporate profits have improved significantly, long-term low-cost support for the build-up of new technologies to maintain competitiveness The industry’s demand has been strong in the second half of the year, adding to recent safety incidents in other manufacturers and rising prices in the industrial chain. The company’s silicon-rich ratio is expected to rise from a low of 24% in the previous period to 46% in the following year.
Without additional capacity, prices are expected to remain high; the Māori rate for 166 mm battery tablets has risen from 13% to 24%, and tight supply prices are expected to rise in the second half of the year, with companies improving their short-term earnings significantly. In the long run, corporate leadership is strong, with cost advantages effectively supporting the expansion of productive capacity and rising market power.
Demand and price increases have fallen short of expectations; return to work abroad has fallen short of expectations; and the impact of the epidemic has increased.
1.1 The company baseed itself on fodder, which was cut into the photovoltaic sector for 16 years. Tomway shares were established in 1995 as a company focusing on aquaculture and feed industries, and were listed in 2004. China’s photovoltaic industry grew in 2004-2013, and companies actively expanded their output.
In 2016, the company acquired the compost, Yongxiang shares and officially moved into the photovoltaic industry. Yongxiang shares were one of the first companies in the country to engage in solar-grade multi-crysilica technology research and production, with 15,000 tons of multi-crysilica capacity in 2015.
In December 2015, the Convergence Convergence acquired 2gw multi-crystal silicon battery capacity, making a yearly delivery of nearly 1.6gw.
After being listed, companies raise funds to build projects to increase their production capacity. Companies do production layouts, extension projects, and cover the industrial chain up and down in a number of locations, including Bo and Nanchang. As of mid-year, companies have a high-purity year of silicon.
Eighty thousand tons of production capacity, 27.5gw annual output of battery fragments, and 2.1gw of photovoltaic power grid-connected power stations.1.2 With the introduction of photovoltaics, corporate profits have steadily increased steadily to $37.560 billion in 2019, representing an increase of 36.4 per cent in comparison with the net return to the mother of $2.64 billion.
This represents a 30.5 per cent increase in the same year. 2020h achieved operating income of $18.74 billion, an increase of 16.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of $10.1 billion, a decrease of 30.4 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, with a sharper decline in product prices.
The Māori ratio of domestic operations is on the rise in Figure 9 The Māori ratio of corporate multi-crystal silicon and battery operations has been increasing since the acquisition of photovoltaic operations.
For the first time, Māori was the largest Māori account. In 2019, Māori in company batteries, feed, polycrystal silicon were 24.8/223.14.7 million yuan, or 35.3 per cent and 31.7 per cent and 21.0 per cent respectively.
The net interest rate for the feed business is generally low, but the overall net interest rate has risen as photovoltaic business has developed. The net interest rate for companies fell by 3.5 percentage points from 2020h to 5.5 percentage points in comparison, mainly because of the impact of the epidemic and the overall decline in profitability.
The company ' s cost rate has increased in recent years. The overall upward trend in the company ' s cost rate since 2011 is mainly due to an increase in the management cost rate and the financial cost rate. The increase in the management cost rate is due mainly to a gradual expansion of the company ' s size and an increase in expenditure, such as employee remuneration.
1.3 The concentration of the corporate equity structure is currently under the effective control of Mr. and Mr. and Mr. and Mr. and Mr. and Mrs. Liu are indirectly holding 46.6 per cent of the shares in the corporate equity structure.
The demand for silicon for multi-crystal silicon taps has grown steadily with the demand for installed machines. Silicon materials have a photovolt effect, generate electric currents in light and are the basic rationale for solar cell operation.
Stones are shredded to form granular stone sands, which are extracted from silicon through high-temperature high-speed depositions, deposited to the bottom of the liner, extracted from the upstream raw materials of the photovoltaic industry, and formed by casting silicon with multiple crystals. Multi-crystal silicon is raised by washing, baking, etc., to 99.999% of the pureness required to prepare the luminous silicon tablets, and then melts siliconsates and cuts by casting.
Shape cutting and other steps are made into silicon and used in photovoltaic power generation. Polycrystal silicon materials can be divided into secretive materials and vegetable flowers. Slender exteriors, bright colours, high purity, high preparation costs, rough surfaces of cauliflowers, gray colours, low purity, low preparation costs.
It is used to produce single crystal silicon silicon silicon, which is more efficient for conversion; it is generally used to produce multiple silicon silicon silicon, which is less efficient for conversion, owing to its low purity, and it is also used to mix it with denser silicon silicon, which effectively reduces costs.
The surface of the cerebral dish in figure 17 is flat, Internet access is leading to significant growth in the global photovoltaic market, which we predict will reach 245gw in 2025, corresponding to a demand of about 47.1 billion tablets and cagr = 13% in 2019-2025. The growth of the silicon market will drive upstream silicon.
The demand for silicon increased, with global demand projected at about 26.8 billion silicon tablets in 2020 and silicon demand estimated at more than 400,000 tons; and silicon demand amounted to more than 600,000 tons in 2025. 2.2 The company occupies a core low-priced area with the lowest costs of silicon production.
The average production cost for the silicon industry is approximately 42 yuan/kg, consisting mainly of electricity costs, metal silicon costs, and equipment depreciation costs. The average electricity cost per kilogram of silicon is 15.9 yuan, or 38 per cent, and is the main product of silicon production; the cost of silicon metal is 11.9 yuan, or 28 per cent; and the cost of depreciation of equipment is 5.9 yuan, or 14 per cent.
The cost of electricity is the most significant cost of silicon production (m/kg). The cost of electricity is the main cost of silicon production, usually before it is extended, and the company determines the price of electricity in the plant.
Low electricity prices are becoming less and less consistent with the expansion, and the site of the plant has raised the entry threshold for silicon, making the existing silicon plants more valuable. Diagram 21’s silicon production capacity is located in the low-priced area (mwh)
The cost of producing silicon is already the lowest in the industry. The cost falls, while the difference between the average water level of the company and industry is widening. The space for falling costs comes mainly from the increase in production efficiency and the regulation of costs. The company currently controls production costs of silicon at $395,000 per ton, and is expected to be close to $30,000 per ton in the future. The cost advantage is subsequent radicalism.
The cost of silicon production has been steadily reduced by 23 companies with a higher entry threshold of 2.3 to ensure a stable pattern of competition, and the company's post-partum expansion will become a line.
The difficulty of expansion is that the location requirements are high, the unit investments are high, the location requirements are high, the investment recovery period is long, the entry threshold is high, and the pattern is stable. The unit investment in the silicon production line is currently 1 billion yuan/tonne, well above the rest of the chain; it takes 1-1.5 years from the extension to the site to climb.
The slope to full production is expected to take about a year. The long cycle leads to a long recovery period. The entry of silicon is high, the industry’s competitive patterns are stable, and there are few new players connected. The silicon industry’s top firms account for a high output and capacity ratio, with industry accounting for about 40% cr3 and cr 53%.
The company ' s silicon plants currently include the Tungwei plant (Laysan, Beacon) and the Yongxiang plant (old plant), with a capacity of 62,000 tons, combined with a nominal capacity of 80,000 tons, with an output city of about 14%, leading the industry. The company ' s silicon production capacity is expected to expand in 2021, based on information already published by the respective companies.
At the beginning of this year, several enterprises abroad announced plans to close their production capacity, with a small increase in overall output in the industry tomorrow, with a concentration of leading firms.
The price of silicon material fell in the first half of the year, demand accelerated in the second half of the year, and the price of polycrystal silicon silicon secretive material fell after it reached its highest price of nearly two years in May 1818, and has been declining since then.
Between 19 and March 20, prices were stable and remained at $70-75/kg. Since March of this year, the price of much of the crystal silicon secret material has fallen to $60/kg. In July, as a result of a producer accident in some silicon manufacturers, there were problems on the supply side, and there was a backlash in the market, with the price of silicon now rebounding to $83/kg.
Figure 26 shows a steady price over the last two years ($/kg). Figure 27, a downward trend over the last two years ($/kg), was affected by internal and external outbreaks in the first half of the year, with fewer loads than expected at the beginning of the year.
Domestic grids, Chinese component exports, and other national component exports. Domestic grids and component exit data for the first quarter of this year were 3.4 and 14.8gw, respectively, for a total of 18.2gw, an increase of 9.1% over the same period.
During the second half of the year, domestic demand will be faster than the rest of the year, benefiting from this year’s bid and last year’s parity. Overseas demand will benefit from the resumption of work and lower interest rates that stimulate demand.
In July, production accidents in some silicon producers in Xinjiang led to a further reduction in supply of silicon, which is expected to occur in the second half of the year.
Based on the projected quarterly demand for silicon, the corresponding cash costs are expected to be 61/76/kg, respectively. As a result, it is expected that the average taxed price of silicon will rise to 80/100/kg in three or four quarters. 2.5 Based on the company ' s cost advantage, short-term profitability will improve significantly, and long-term expansion plans will be implemented.
In the long run, the company’s silicon production costs are at the forefront of the industry, lower than those of other competitors. The cost advantages guarantee that the company has a higher Māori rate than the other competitors. At the same time, the company’s silicon business expansion plan is aggressive, with an advantage in size.
In the short term, the industry’s demand was strong in the second half of this year, with some silicon producers in Xinjiang experiencing security accidents and a recent rise in silicon prices. The price of secret materials rose from $59/kg (24 June) to $83/kg (5 August).
The increase of 40.7% is expected to increase the Māori rate for corporate silicon operations from 24% to 46%, and the short-term profit improvement is evident. The silicon industry has little additional capacity next year, and silicon prices are expected to remain high.
3.1 Large sizes, new technologies are the way forward. The battery industry is in the middle of the photovoltaic industrial chain, made from silicon through cleaning, fumes, etc., which can generate voltage and currents in light. Battery cells are divided into single-crystal, multi-crystal and non-crystal silicon.
It is more efficient to convert more crystal cell cells with more cell phase, and production costs are closer to polycrystal batteries as the process increases, with higher value for money.
Large-scale battery fragments are expected to decrease further as the larger size and power significantly reduces the cost of photovoltaic power stations. As the larger sizes of 166mm, 182mm, 210mm battery fragments are rolled out, it is expected that the share of small-foot cell cells will decrease further. Cpia predicts that in 2022, 156.75mm battery fragments will be completely withdrawn.
In addition to the large sizes, new technologies are one of the future directions for batteries. The battery is now dominated by a perc battery, plus pert technology improved by perc, hit technology, and the currently most efficient ibc market is now dominated by a perc battery, which in 2019 was 63%.
Batteries such as ibc, although efficient in conversion, are not yet technologically mature and cost-effective; in contrast, perc technical prices are higher and are still rising, with market shares expected to remain high, rising to about 73 per cent in 2021.
3.2 The company has taken the lead in setting up a large scale, actively developing new technologies. Battery expansion is easier, and technology overlaps occur more often in battery cells. For new technologies, the public sector has taken a positive approach. The company has two heterogeneous production lines in the country, located in Chengdu and compost, and has combined capacity.
250mw, in the forefront of the industry. In the second half of this year, the company is expected to add a hemline and continue to work on a medium-test line.
The output ratio is 73%, and the output rate is 91% for 166mm and above. The following companies have new production capacity, all of which are compatible with large-scale battery capacity. 3.3 Company battery costs much less than industry costs.
The average non-silicon cost of a battery in industry is 0.30/w. The cost consists mainly of real money, assistive facilities, and other electricity costs. The cost of normal battery chips is 0.09/w, or 32 per cent, and is the largest cost for the production of batteries; the cost of assistive facilities and others is 0.07, or 22 per cent; and the cost of electricity is 0.05, or 16 per cent.
The company’s non-silicon cost of batteries is currently down to $0.19/w, the lowest in the industry. According to cpia, the average cost of the battery film industry is currently around $0.30/w. The company expects future costs to fall below $0.18/w.
The non-silicon costs of company 39 are among the lowest in the industry ($/w) 3.4 competition patterns are fragmented, corporate technological leadership and low-cost incentives for radical expansion The battery industry is more diversified, while the former big enterprises are still at an accelerated stage of expansion, with industry cr3 accounting for about 30-40 per cent.
In 2019, the company produced a 20gw battery, which is currently expected to produce 27.5gw battery, with a 14% urban rate, which is more radical.
The dramatic increase in battery film production in figure 41, the steady recovery of battery film prices in the second half of the year, led to significant improvements in corporate profitability and long-term technological cost advantages to maintain competitiveness
In the first half of the year, the epidemic affected demand, and the price of batteries fell to industry losses. After the phase-down of the inventory, battery chips began to recover. Until March 20, 158 mm batteries had remained around 1.00/w and had fallen to 0.79/w in May 2020. The cost of raw materials for batteries rose in July due to higher prices of upstream silicon.
Led by an increase in the price of 158 mm battery blades to 0.88 yuan/w. Prices of polycrystal silicone cells in figure 42 have steadily declined ($/w) Figure 43 Single crystal silicone cell fragments recovered ($/w)
The short-term price rises in battery chips, leading to significant improvements in corporate profitability. When battery chips are lower in the early period, companies split their global loads on a quarterly basis this year, and we predict a further increase in battery film prices in the third and fourth quarters, depending on the capacity and cost of the battery business, respectively.
Based on our projections of demand for the second half of the year, the corresponding cash cost for battery manufacturers is projected to be 0.24/0.29/w, respectively. In the short term, the supply of batteries is currently tight in the second half of the year, especially in the case of large-sized batteries, which are expected to fall short of demand.
Companies will benefit directly. In the long run, companies are actively deploying new technologies that currently apply 210 mm large-size production lines, which are the highest compared to the highest, with the added cost advantage and the firm’s long-term competitiveness. 4 companies have long been based on feed operations.
4.1 Farming forage continued to rise for 20 years, and production was completed in 1986 at the former Fish Co-ed Feeding Plant (Kulley Feeding Plant) in Tonwey County, and by 2019, production capacity exceeded 10 million tons in the year, the world's leading water feed producer and the main livestock breeder.
With the exception of 2015 and 2018, when the transition to the priority development of aqueous fodder and the impact of international trade disputes increased, the company is expected to benefit directly from the steady growth of the aquaculture sector. The fishing industry in the country has grown steadily since 2010, from 1.3 trillion yuan in 2010 to 2.6 trillion yuan in 2018.
The steady growth of the industry in 2010-2018 = 9.0% led to an increase in the demand for water feed. In 2019, the production of water products in the country was about 64.8 million tons, a 0.3% increase compared to that of the year.
Figure 48 shows a steady annual increase in the production of water products (tonnes) 4.3 feed processing enterprises have declined each year, and the concentration of the industry has increased since 2005, and there has been a gradual decline in feed processing enterprises. In 2005, there were approximately 15,000 feed processing enterprises in the country.
In 2015, the number of businesses fell sharply to 6772. This year, the number of firms is expected to drop to around 3,000. The number of competitors in the industry is declining, the concentration in the industry is increasing, and the sale of feed is steadily increasing as one of the leading companies in the feed industry.
5.1 Profit forecasts: Polycrysilium. Industry demand is strong in the second half of the year, and multicrysilium is expected to increase prices.
Due to both upstream price increases and better demand, battery block prices are expected to remain high or stable in the second half of the year. Other company operations include feed operations, power generation and chemical industries, while others are expected to remain stable or increase slightly in the future, with specific profit projections as follows:
By segment valuation, the company is the leader in the field of multi-crystal silicon. The company and Lungi shares have an absolute advantage in silicon and silicon rings, respectively. Lungi shares are expected to be 28 x in 2021, and, given the continuing shortage of silicon next year, the supply situation is expected to continue throughout the year, giving the company a multi-crystal silicon chain of 30 xpe.
Battery chain shares are labeled. Emuk shares are expected to be 21x in 2021, and the company is cheaper and has the highest market share, so it gives the company a certain premium on valuation.
In the long run, companies have an absolute advantage in all areas of business. In the short term, the profitability of silicon, the battery, has recovered steadily, and demand is accelerating in the second half of the year.
The current international economic situation faces enormous challenges, and the demand for light-voltage machines and the economic situation are closely linked. If the economic situation is weak for a long time, the light-voltage industry may face a decline.
Overseas recovery is not expected. With the exception of Europe and East Asia, parts of the United States, India, etc., are still at the epicentre of the epidemic, and recovery abroad may have some impact.
The impact of the epidemic has increased. The epidemic has affected the construction of overseas power plants, as well as the demand for electricity. More seriously, it may affect the long-term economic situation and have an unpredictable effect on the installation of the photovoltaic industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will change in any way. The information and comments in the report are only for information purposes. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.