Tungway shares (600438.sh) Battery business is a major factor in the decline in performance.
As a result of the epidemic, the photovoltaic industry was under full pressure in the first half of 2020, product prices generally fell, company silicon and battery film operations were affected to varying degrees, and battery film operations were particularly marked, with a higher impact, leading to a decline in performance, as expected.
Silicon material: Cost advantages guarantee Māori rates and production up front. 2020h1 high-purity crystal silicon continues to be produced at full capacity with capacity utilization of 116% and single crystals 90.86%, with average production cost of RMB 395 000/t, of which the average production cost of new capacity is RMB 3.65 million/tonne, maintaining it.
Industry leads. The company achieved 4.5 million tons of high-purity crystal silicon sales, an increase of 97.04 per cent in the same year, and with 14.4 per cent and 41.2 per cent, respectively, high-purity crystals, with an average Māori rate of 27.70 per cent of silicon products performing well. The company has now formed a high-purity crystal silicon.
Eighty thousand tons of capacity, with a combined total of over 80,000 tons of capacity expected to become operational by 2021, is the main additional capacity in the industry over the next two years. Battery tablets: short-term pressure from the industry, firm expansion of production taking over the market.
Hundreds of dollars, or 0.22% more than the previous year. With the delayed demand for photovoltaic terminals as a result of the epidemic, the market price for solar power tanks fell by about 30% over the same year, and the profitability of the company ' s battery business was more significant.
Already operational (compatible production of 21x and below), and currently on a productivity climb. Meanwhile, the company has launched a second 7.5gw and a 7.5gw Golden Hall phase, which is expected to be operational in 2021, when the company’s solar cell capacity will exceed 40gw and will take a further market share.
In the middle of the year, it was reported that the company had built 44 photovoltaic power stations, dominated by “fishlight as one”, with cumulative installed and network sizes of 2,127mw, with a cumulative power generation of 970.98 million degrees in the first half of the year, moving steadily forward. (2) The barrier was a steady development in the feed business, and the results were evident.
In 2020, domestic demand will be released in the second half of the year, gradually improving in the context of the overseas epidemic, and the o4 industrial chain will need to recover to a high point, which will provide a strong boost to the prices of industrial chain products, which are now silicon.
At the same time, the silicon chain has begun to rise. Due to its limited capacity in the Xinjiang region (the company’s clear cost advantage has resulted in a significant expansion in its planned capacity, which is expected to create a dominant position in the silicon and battery sectors.
The risk of an overseas epidemic affecting more than anticipated risks; the risk of a sharp fall in product prices; the risk of less-than-expected capacity build-up; and the risk of less-than-expected financing.
Figure 3: Cost of the company for the four periods (%): Māori rate of the company (%): Net interest rate of the company (%)