Fortune Glass: South, Central Europe, Richter, Jp Morgan, Pioneer! What's going on?
Figure: Corporate holdings in the three-quarterly report. This company is the global car glass tap. In the present report, Mergers will update their financial model excel tables, based on the three-quarterly report.
In terms of the quality of growth, income growth slowed and net profits fell. Of this, operating income grew by 3.38 per cent over the year, net profits increased by 27.98 per cent over the year, net cash flows from operating activities increased by 21.7 per cent over the year, receivables improved, stocks were overperformed by the same method of glass production, and the rate of foreign sales was lower, delaying the overall Māori rate; 2) Germany acquired in February 2019
The company sam, too, is still in a state of loss, affecting the Māori rate by about 3.2 percentage points. Days of inventory turnover have fallen by 2.66 days, owing to the increased automation of production lines.
Okay, here we have a lot of questions for in-depth reflection in the valuation modelling process: 1) What are the core parameters worth analysing after the release of its three-quarterly report? How will the changes in these parameters affect financial modelling from a modelling perspective?
2) What is the difference between the three-quarterly report ' s performance in this case and the previous estimates? Of these, what are the data assumptions that need to be updated? 3) This time, after the update of the 2019 quarterly report ' s data, what is the range of areas where the Glossy Glass is valued?
Today, we're looking at the logic of modelling in the area of automobiles with a glass of glory. For the auto industry chain, new energy vehicles, we've studied a lot of companies, such as the Volkswagen Automobile, the Uttarbus, Biadi, the Upper Steam Group, the U.S.A., the Ninder Age, the S.S.S.S., the Tianqi Lith, the Luoyang and the Cobalt and Cobalt industry.
The industry report bank, which captures the in-depth reports we have made, as well as the detailed excel financial model of some of the priority cases, and the in-depth research of hundreds of companies and dozens of industries to reflect in depth on the nature of the industry.
Since the three-quarterly report does not have disaggregated data disclosures, we have mainly determined whether to adjust the assumptions by using the variables factors available, or to adjust them to the purple fonts; otherwise, they are presented with the updated blue fonts in the column; the main valuation assumptions are as follows:
1) Income projection component - First model, Merger Merger Mergers split vehicle glass revenue into two variables: “Glass sales” and “Glass unit prices”. As a result of the limited disclosure of data in the 2019 Quarterly Report (no disclosure of whole car and car glass sales, glass unit prices), we have tested the previous assumptions by observing data on other dimensions, with the following updated assumptions:
(a) Glass sales increase: In this report, we use the downstream vehicle industry indicators as a reference. According to the automobile industry ' s leading indicators for the period January to October 2019: the recent increase in automobile sales, the dealer ' s inventory coefficient, and the three indicators of policy change, it is possible to judge that 2019 will be in a low cycle.
Based on a cyclical judgement, glass sales in 2019 will probably be lower than in 2018, so we only increase the unit price of glass by 2019 b): the first half of the year was an increase of 1.67 per cent in high-value-added car glass, indicating an increase in the value of glass in cars. We maintain the original assumption that prices are rising every year.
2) By top-down cross-checking - due to the greater uncertainty of the bottom-up “cyclical projection method”, we have added a “top-down” method of city occupancy, with global car sales increasing at a rate of glossy glass as a variable. By contrast, the 2019 projections are not very different from the institutions, and the difference between the two years after the forecast period is that we have recovered the industry.
Fukuoka's performance is more optimistic. 4) Capital spending — in the last report, we assumed that Fyoglass would add 500,000 m2 of glass per year since 2023 as expansionary capital expenditure. But based on our calculations of existing capacity and annual capital expenditure, we calculate it.
By 2028, it had a total capacity of approximately 1.76 million square metres of car glass, which was already higher than its actual requirements of 1.68 million square metres. Therefore, no additional expansionary capital expenditure is required in this case, and on this basis we delete this assumption.) Other assumptions — other assumptions remain unchanged, and we maintain the original assumptions.
Here, with the updated modelling report and the data-adjusted Excel table, you can compare the update with the previous data in some detail and in some depth -- what minor changes have occurred in the basics according to the three-quarterly report. How will these minor change factors affect the intrinsic value?
The world's giants, how to make a glass of beauty, the main business is made of car glass development. In 1993, a stock marketed, the real control was Cao DeWant, and the direct and indirect shareholdings together were 16.95%.
There has been a decrease in the number of warehouses, such as rich funds. Previously, 20 major overseas institutional investors had seen an increase in the number of positions in vanguard funds, jpmorgan, aberdeenstandard, etc., and a decrease in the number of sommersetcapitals in the United Kingdom.
Let's look back at the performance of the last three-year period — the three-quarters report from 2016 to 2019, with the share of income from its main business, which increased by 10.31 per cent at compound rates and 14.32 per cent at net profit rates over the last three years. In the first three quarters of 2019, operating income increased by 3.38 per cent, and net profit decreased by 28.07 per cent.
In its income structure, more than 95 per cent of the income is derived from car glass, which is used primarily internally in this case, the industrial chain is as follows: 1) upstream, raw materials such as pure alkaline, quartz, heavy oil, floating glass and energy suppliers, with the main raw materials floating
French glass, at a cost of about 30 per cent, followed by energy, at a cost of between 20 and 40 per cent, with a self-sufficiency rate of 97 per cent for the bountiful floats. 2) Downstream, mainly for car-to-car plants: upper gas, single gas, Toyota, Chang An, east wind, wide gas, north gas, etc.;
Downstream: General, Chrysler, BMW, the general public, etc., and downstream: Russian Reno, Tender, Popular, General, Fort Litt. According to the 2018 annual report, the top five clients account for 16.50% of sales, and the top five suppliers account for the purchase.
Figure 24: Automobile Glass Industrial Chains pvb membrane oem
Car glass, floating glass, learning to get married.
This industry chain has formed the following reporting structure in this case: Before the valuation modeling is done, let's look at a basic set of data: based on basic information, one of the core questions comes up — where should we enter if we model the case?
We look first at the history of the glossy glass, and here's the figure: through the graph above, we can sort out two questions:
What are the drivers of short-term income fluctuations? Both of these questions, we can all answer through a cycle perspective. Short-cycle drivers, mainly the stock cycle of cars; long-term cycle drivers, two major drivers, one vehicle holdings of 1,000 people; and two vehicle replacement weeks.
So, the next question is -- how does the stock cycle affect performance from a short-cycle perspective? How does it drive? Short-cycle fluctuations?
The short-term volatility of vehicle sales in the dimensions of the inventory cycle (Kitchen cycle) is driven mainly by business expectations of demand and stock changes. The reason for this is the imbalance between supply and demand.
Stock levels are determined by default based on market demand, but stock adjustments lag behind market demand, resulting in a complete inventory cycle, which goes through four stages: passive inventory removal, active stock replenishment, passive stock replenishment, and active inventory movement. According to the Watterkins team, a stock stock cycle is about 42 months, compared to the situation in the previous graph.
From this perspective, we look at the automobile industry chain. From 2006 to the present, cars have experienced four stock cycles, with 1) passively destocked -- starting in October 2015, when car sales were back up from the bottom, but the company was not prepared, stock was digested, stock was down at the same rate as the ratio.
2) Active Replenishment of Stock - Since March 2016, distributors have observed an upturn in the market climate and have begun to increase their stock, at a time when vehicle sales are increasing in tandem with stock growth; 3) Passive Recharge of Stock - Since March 2017, demand has been falling from the top, but no previously replenished stock has been added
(iv) Actively going to stock — the climate has continued to decline since 2018, vehicle sales have increased at a negative rate, distributors have started to go to stock and stock growth has gone down to a downward period;
This is not just the case in China. The Yogurts have turned the American data -- and if you look at the rate of growth in American automobile production, it's the same. By comparing the ratio of garage sales to that of automobile sales, the US has a five-to-six-year cycle.
Therefore, the valuation model for this case must start with the inventory cycle if a short-term increase in the automobile industry is to be predicted. And then we have another question that is crucial to the valuation model -- looking at the medium- and long-term drivers, how to do it in the long term, how to analyse it.
The medium- and long-term drivers of the automobile industry can be divided into two categories: 1) increase in per capita car holdings; 2) replacement of vehicles after they end up in business. (Car holdings refer to the number of registered cars.) We look first at the per capita car holdings, which in China followed a high rate of growth of 13.9% in 2016.
Sales are starting to slow, rising at 10.51% by 2018. So, is there still room for growth in China’s car market? How much room for growth?
The Yogurt team has carefully reviewed data on the Japanese automobile industry — in terms of the rate of growth in Japanese car holdings: from 1964 to 1973, Japanese cars moved from high-speed growth to steady growth, and the rate of increase in ten-year holdings dropped from 33 to 12 per cent (which is close to the rate of our growth in the last decade).
In 1974-2002, the rate of low retention growth fell from 7 per cent to 0 per cent, and after 2006 Japan ' s auto security was close to saturation, and the compound growth center was near the zero axis. Note that, in almost three years of the day, the country ' s holdings grew at around 8 per cent, despite the historical changes in Japan ' s automobile market.
In absolute terms, China’s car holdings are far from the top. But here is one detail: there is a huge controversy about whether per capita holdings can reach international levels.
In view of these disputes, we can not discuss whether our car holdings will reach American levels, but rather the main reference for Japan. In terms of resources, Japan has a small population, relatively poor oil resources, and natural endowments.
Even worse, it can still reach 590 levels for thousands of people. So, environmental pollution, traffic congestion, including environmental problems, can be a drag on the growth of car holdings, but more so, it can generate internal dynamics in industries such as new energy cars. So, in the long run, there is no new energy cars.
Secondly, let's look at the driving force of car replacement. Because of the age limits of cars, cars have replacement needs due to wear and wear, technical overlaps, etc., but replacement drives.
With regard to the replacement cycle, it is actually the Jugra cycle, which you have been discussing since the end of 2017, as proposed by the French economist Jugra, with an average cycle length of 8-10 years. It is driven mainly by equipment turnover and capital investment.
These two factors are mirrored by factors such as the age of use of mechanical equipment, the pace of technology and physical capacity utilization, and the rate of return on investment. The end-of-life of cars is between 8 and 15 years, and the average useful life of cars in our country is around 10 years, roughly in line with the Ju Gra cycle, which, with regard to the impact of the Jugra cycle on the entire car industry, has reached saturation through 1,000-person holdings.
After 2002, Japanese car holdings were saturated, with only replacement requirements remaining, and holdings remained largely unchanged at around 0%: Figure: China ' s car holdings and speed of increase
The annual average vehicle sales in Japan have remained at around 6 million cars per 1,000 people since 2002, with a zero rate of retention, and we have observed a net market rate for global car tap Toyota at this stage, around 2010, which can be divided into roughly two rounds.
From the above figure, two broad messages can be distilled: cycle time is equal, Toyota's valuation fluctuates, and the two rounds of the Jugra cycle can be broadly presented.2 Toyota, as the global car giant, also has a valuation that is largely reflective of the global market's Jugra cycle, because
So, what we're looking at now is basically the starting point for a new round of the Jugra cycle. Here, we can come to a clear conclusion: even if the ceiling of car holdings reaches zero, the entire automobile industry still has a growth driver, turning into a more cyclical industry.
Industry is far from reaching this point. (Of course, the long-term approach is bound to converge in this direction.) So, during our projection period, there is a cycle of replacement of equipment (Jugra cycle) and three rounds of inventory (Kian cycle). The elite has a crude model of double-cycle nesting, which is the basic basis for the cycle of automobiles during the projection period.
Back to this case, on the basis of the above-mentioned cycle model, we can make a broad assessment of the three rounds of the inventory cycle, based on the following: a strong cycle, a medium cycle, a weak cycle. When this vital model of the prognosis of the cycle is completed, we go to the next question: how do we dismantle and predict?
In addition to macro-judgment, in making detailed financial modelling, we have to think at all times about one thing: where is the Protector of Favour? The modeling is only meaningful when the Protector's River is made clear. In The Hearts of Hearts, although there is no specific discussion about the Protector's River, it contains many details, all of which are mentioned at the same time.
Two words: "Improving the quality of the product, reducing the cost." So, in the case of glazing glass, sophisticated machine parts such as high-quality + low-cost, commonly known as value for money, it's the core moat. If they are not done simultaneously, the moat will be at risk.
For example, the paragraphs in the book -- "In the light of my self-management accounting techniques of the previous years, which were used to analyse and control costs, I believe that cost control can only be effective if the quality of the product is assured" -- "in order to ensure quality and cost control of the product, I personally drew up instructions for the various production processes of the laminated glass, if every process follows the instructions.
For production, the consumption of glass sheets should be 2.26 m2 per square metre for each square metre produced by Fukuyo.” And the description - “In parallel with the preparation of the operational instructions, I have redesigned a product quality statistics table and introduced new regulations: 1 - workers must be informed of training; 2 - roll out the target management system.
Production posts must be filled with statistical tables. Four steps are taken to ensure that the target costs are met by means of statistics, analysis, evaluation, and correction.” Chapter IV of the report provides for pay-as-you-go.
In order to find the exact data, every process on the production line, I sit on the left for 10 days, right, carefully observe and calculate their completion rates, understand the needs of each place and each person's needs, based on three months of in-depth collection of recorded data, and calculate the glass per 1 m2
The single consumption should be 2.26 m2, which is 0.6 m2, or 26.5% less than the world's best level of production known to the management, and in order to ensure product quality and cost control, I personally drew up a draft of the various glass producers.
If each process is produced in accordance with the instructions, every 1 m2 of glass used in a mesh should be 2.26 m2. In parallel with the instructions, I have redesigned a product quality statistics sheet.
There are four steps to ensure that the target costs are met by means of statistics, analysis, evaluation, and correction.
I'll call Liu Zhanghua, the chief of the metro level workshop, and tell him that my calculations and my "No way." Listen to me, Liu is calling out, "No way! Do you believe me? I'll tell you who can make 1 m2 of 2.86 m2 if you believe me?
Glass, I'm not Liu, I'm just going to chop my head off." “2.86 m2? I'm counting 2.26 m2." "That's the theoretical number, it's impossible to do production."
“Do you not want to decipher why there is a gap between theory and reality?” I asked. Xuezhou's stunts and parts, from outside the world, from China's international politics, but Liu Janhua is a graduate of Fujian's mechanical and electrical school, and he went to the factory in August 1988.
When the technologist started his job, he kept it real. He said it wasn't possible, or really not, to cover up the merger, and it solved the problem of the moat, and we went back to the case, and we went on with the income forecast -- the first step of the income projection was the income.
Splitting. In the income structure, the car glass is its core business. In this case, there is a need to restructure the business with different trends, dividing it into two main categories: the whole car glass market (oem), the post-sale parts market (oem) and the whole car glass (oem), which is used for new cars in the car factory, and the demand in the oem market is directly from the gas.
(ii) Post-sale parts glass (am) - used to replace glass after sale, and the market demand for car parts is largely determined by vehicle holdings and average car glass damage rates, which are less affected by cycle fluctuations:
In terms of sales, we can see that oem glass accounted for about 85% of total glass, followed by am glass, accounting for 15%. The fall in the first quarter of 2019 was mainly due to a decline in the sale of oem glass, which sold 90.71 million square metres, 96.81 million square metres, and 99.41 million square metres, respectively, in 2016-2018.
Millions of square metres, 18.25 million square metres, 5 per cent, 4 per cent and 15.3 per cent, respectively; car glass is standard product, using a “bottom-up” approach, which divides sales into “volume” and “price” factors: first, glass sales and second, glass sales.
The glass cycle has less impact, and we split the two types of glass income. Thus, the income from the gloss can be broken down into this income = (oem glass sales + am glass sales) * glass sales.
Due to the limited disclosure of data in the 2019 quarterly report (undisclosed sales of glass, revenue from two glass operations), it was not possible to update each factor from a bottom-up approach.
Data, to verify whether the prognosis of the cycle in the first coverage is reasonable. First, to predict the increase in glass sales. How will the short-term rate change in the future?
Three dimensions to analyse exactly where the inventory cycle is, this three-quarterly update will re-examine the three indicators and update the signal of the location of the inventory cycle in a timely manner.
According to our previous estimates, the stock cycle is about 42 months. And the car has been growing negative for 15 months since July 2018.
In this update, we add some reflections. As an alternative consumer, automobile sales are driven by the economic cycle, and there are policy factors: (i) the demand for the stimulus component of the policy for the preceding period.
From 2016 to 2017, 1.6 litres of cars below the limit were granted a preferential acquisition tax, which was reduced by half, stimulating some of the demand for automobile consumption. However, since 2018, the policy has been phased out, starting with the resumption of the 10 per cent mandatory vehicle acquisition tax from 1 January 2018.
After the withdrawal of the acquisition tax in 2018, there was a downward trend in the volume of automobile sales, and by the second half of 2018 the volume of automobile sales began to enter year-2011. Data on the volume of automobile sales can be seen that in 2011, after the decline in the acquisition tax, the average annual rate of increase in vehicle sales fell from 36.15 per cent in 2010 to 2.68 per cent in 2011.
In July 2019, 65% of provinces and municipalities implemented earlier the "Light Vehicle Pollutant Emission Limits and Measurement Methods (phase VI of China)" (Six). With the implementation of the new standards, all cars sold and registered must meet the "Six" criteria.
In May, June, June 2019, facing the fifth and sixth standards, the manufacturers began to lower prices to clear their stocks, and increased significantly in May and June. Here, on the basis of high risk data, in June 2019, we took the same number of risks.
This is a direct result of the July-August data, as well as the European “E6” emission standard conversion phase of September 2018, where, according to the National Securities Reclamation, it was found that the excess effects of automobile sales should be absorbed over a period of about three months, but only gradually recovered in the first quarter of 2019.
On the basis of this analysis, the short-term decline in the volume of automobile sales is due to two factors: the excessive base of the previous year, tax cuts and early implementation of the “country six”, which, on the one hand, overstretched demand, on the other hand led to consumer watching.
The factors have been largely cleared, and in terms of the pattern of the inventory cycle, they are also close to the tipping point -- so, is there any possibility of a reversal now? We have to cross-check the vehicle with other data. What are the indicators?
2) Distributors' stock factor - According to the book "Incursions in Investments", former member of the Fund's industry, Deng Xiaofeng, said: “The dealer's inventory is a priori indicator of the profits of the entire automobile industry.” This is because car sales are mostly done on a distribution basis and stock for the whole vehicle is generally stored at the end of the channel, so the dealer's stock factor reflects the pressure on the sales side.
Inventory factor = end-of-period inventory/current sales. Generally, below 1.5 is a health indicator, indicating that the dealer's pressure is low, and profits in the entire car industry tend to be at a better stage: more than two are hazard factors. When stocks are larger than sales in the last two months, terminals tend to increase at their own initiative.
In order to make the distribution system sustainable, the entire garage usually supports 4s in a variety of ways, at the expense of the company’s profit and help to survive, and the profits of the entire car factory fall. According to our usual year-end practice of buying cars, the month of July, August and September of each year is a low-season sales season, with a higher stock factor: September
From the 2018 data, starting in January 2018, when the purchase tax concession was cancelled, the dealer ' s stock pressure increased significantly, rising from 0.9 at the end of 2017 to 1.9. The stock factor for 2019 was higher than in April and May.
The low level of health suggests that the pressure on the stock of the distributors’ five countries has been largely absorbed. Policies – the automobile industry has been historically sensitive to policy stimulus, and has been opposed to two major periods of transformation in 2009 and 2015.
The second round of the car cycle has risen; in 2015, a half-percent vehicle acquisition tax concession has been introduced to boost the fourth round of stock. To date, there has been no large-scale stimulus in the industry.
2021-2035 (by 2025, the share of new cars sold in new energy vehicles was around 25%, new cars sold in new smart network cars combined with the above three dimensions, and from the updated data, there was a certain rebound in the inventory cycle, negative logic gradually cleared out, and the probability of going down again was less, except for the transition to recovery, which was still relatively slow.
In the same vein, Zhou Jintao has stated in the Oscillation cyclical theory that the top and bottom mechanisms of the economic cycle are different, and that the top is always a systemic issue, so it is easy to predict. But the bottom can never be a systemic one, and that's what Schumpeter has already said.
Short-term needs after storage can never be explained for a systemic reason, because the economy after the second trip to stock, in addition, the two-way phase of the Jugra cycle (large cycle) and the stock cycle (small cycle) is also the stage of the entire car industry’s derelict. In this short cycle from 2009 to 2012, Biadi, upper steam, wide steam, Great Wall are all in this situation.
The rapid spread of the suv became the product of this round of juguela, which also led to an upgrade of the domestic car manufacturing industry. For the new round of Jugra, if we refer to the earlier projection model, the period between 2020 and 2021 will be the first.
The peak of the cycle coincides with the arrival of new energy sources, autopilots, car networking, etc. (there are also 5g large-scale commercial transactions at the same time). If you look back at the capital boom in the automobile industry, industrial policies, and the emergence of new energy vehicles for almost two years,
The year, so we've only adjusted the 2019 scenario to: optimistic -- in 2019, car glass sales increased by 0%, conservatively --
In 2019, car glass sales increased at a rate of -2 per cent for the global automobile industry. Post-stage increases were assumed to remain unchanged. For the rest of the year, the assumption was that: 1) oem full-time glass — more affected by the car cycle — would lead to a three-stage (strong) pattern in 2019-2028.
The speed with which the glass is sold is restored to 2/3 of 17% at the top of the powerful cycle, and 33% at the rate of 11% (because of holdings, because of the faster growth in the automobile parts market), the Merger Procuring Merger predicts that:
As a result of the sale of spare parts glass, which is less affected by the volatility of the car cycle, the acquisition of tributarys in 2018 and of the Fuzhou model will expand in the area of car components, and the short-term increase in the future is expected to be faster. So, this part of the operation is based on a two-part pattern (growth so far, in this case, in the case of the valuation model Excel model, in the case of optimism, the collection data is projected as follows.
The issue of “volume” has been resolved, and we then address the “price” projection - how the market for car glass will be priced, and the average unit price of the oem glass in Yoo has risen year by year in historical sales. In 2012-2018, the price of car glass rose from $139.5 per square metre to around $169 per square metre, and the price of cagr was 3.9 per cent.
The main reason for the increase is the higher share of high-end products, such as anti-infrared ultraviolet glass, insulation glass, heating glass, etc., which accounts for up to 30%, thus pushing the sale price of single glass. According to its 2018 annual report, "Glossy glass will enrich the product line."
Optimize product structure and enhance product value addition, such as packaged products, hud up displaying glass, soundproof glass, odious water products, spd light glass, plating glass, ultra-violet isolated glass, etc.” Middle Report 2019 shows high attachments, soundproofing, upshowing, modifiable light, ultraviolet protection, solar energy, capped modularization, etc.
The percentage of cars in value continued to rise, 1.67 percentage points higher than in the same period last year. The undisclosed unit price of the glass was reported in the three-quarters of 2019, and no change is made here. Thus, the future price increase of the glass is more certain, and we assume that:
In the future, the price of the oem car glass rose by 3% in the previous five years, the saturation of the high-end glass five years later, the rate of the unit price increase fell to its historical rate of 1.1%, and the price of the am market was equal to the price of the Oem market. Here, the bottom-up "volume" and "price" have been resolved, and the elite team calculated the values in the valuation model.
So the bottom-up cycle scenario has been completed. However, we still have a strong sense of uncertainty in our minds.
(ii) Is there a valuation method that would reduce the uncertainty in the hypothesis?
Now that there are too many assumptions in the above-mentioned approach to influence certainty, we use the top-down approach, with only one variable for the full-ball car sales increase, and the Fulbright Glass market. The country’s automobile industry has a relatively short history, with ten years of high speeds and long-terms from 2001 to 2010, maintaining almost double-digit growth.
Long-term trends. After 2011, automobile sales fell, and the industry is in a state of transition from the stage of growth and maturity. Thus, the prognosis for future increases is highly uncertain, and the rate of growth, based on data on global automobile sales for 1997-2018, has been increasing for almost two decades (except during the financial crisis).
Based on this, we cross-checked through a more stable global car sales rate approach. The formula is: “Global car glass demand * Fulbright glass market share” and several variables need to be used: 1) Global car sales increase: global automobile sales grew at an average rate of 3 per cent over the past 20 years, and at an average rate of 2.5 per cent over the last 10 years.
2) glass use in bicycles: according to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, we use 4 m2 of glass in bicycles and around 4.1 m2 in global and Euro-American car glass, with an average value of 4.05 m2; 3) car glass failure rate: according to the China Industrial Information Network, there is about 4% car glass damage in the country.
The car damage rate is about 5 per cent, with an average value of 4.5 per cent;[2] 4) car scrapping rate: about 4.2 per cent of cars worldwide scrapped in 2018. (5) Fukuoka market ratio: according to the Safe Securities Update data, Fyoglass currently has a global market of 25 per cent.[2]
The project is expanding production capacity globally, assuming an increase of 1 percentage point (1 per cent per year per year in the future. Research has led to more certainty in future projections. However, the two methods are commonly used in income projections for multiple logical cross-checking.
Method I: Quarterly Invertation - The historical relationship between Quarterly, Central, and Annual Report was reversed in 2019. The ratio of income from the Quarterly Report to the Annual Report is generally stable.
Three-quarterly reports 2019, with a business income of $15.634 billion, can be rolled out backwards: Annual Report 2019, projected revenue Method III: Intra-natural growth rate - due to steady high annual dividends from Fry Glass, expected growth rate using the formula IV: Intra-natural growth rate Method IV: Agency forecast - Wind provided 24 agency coherence forecasts for 180 days, and Glow glass in 2019
The difference between our projected rate of increase and the institutional forecast is mainly due to the fact that, after 2019, we prejudged the future cycle of car recovery and were more optimistic about the assumption of the sale of the whole car with glass. So, the data basically support the credibility of the analysis. So, the income disassembly and the forecast component, already done.
So, how do you predict the exact cost of the glass? Let's start by comparing the two glass giants.
It is clear that there is greater volatility in the Māori rate of the Shinyo Glass, and less volatility in the Māori rate of the Favour Glass, which rises from year to year. First, the Māori rate of the car glass fluctuates less than the floating glass.
The cost of a car glass is a floating glass raw material, pure alkaline, gas fuel, electricity, manpower, etc. Here, Cao DeWant, in a media talk show, clearly calculates the cost of the glass, and we quote the following:
"The human cost of making a piece of glass in the country is $1.2, and it's $8 in the usa. But the domestic cost of making glass, transporting it to North America is $5.50, and the cost of transportation to North America is $1.8. Calculated that the freight cost is equal to the human cost over there. But, of the cost of raw materials, the electricity supplied is almost at the cost of North America.
In this case, despite the expansion in North America, it did not lead to a significant increase in costs. According to the three-quarters report in 2019, Fukuyo's Māori rate was 37.43%, a decline of 5.25% and a decline in the ring.
0.1% of this decline is due to: 1) The domestic industry is depressed, domestic demand is inadequate, and the floating glass is sold out, and Māori looks first. The floating glass is equivalent to the raw material of the car glass, which belongs to the upper part of the car glass, but the floating method, which has clear cyclical properties, is due to supply rigidity, but is highly volatile downstream.
In this case, for the sake of smoothing the cyclical properties of raw materials, the Fashion Flying Glass has always been an internal supply. While downstream demand is insufficient due to the lowness of the auto industry, the upstream supply of Fashion Glass production has led to oversupply.
The sale of raw materials is far less profitable than the sale of car glass, which in turn drags down the overall rate. And for the second reason, German sam, in February 2019, is still in a state of loss, according to the national credit card.
Based on the above, the impact of the loss of depreciation was 2.6 percentage points. Management expected that Sam would take one year to integrate, and that after integration, Sam’s loss was expected to shrink, and that would lead to the same rate.
With stability, and due to cautious considerations, we do not assume that the synergy between Sam and Fukuyo has led to further increases in the Māori rate, that the cost forecast has been completed, and then that the cost of the period - the Fyoglass financial cost - is mainly exchange gains and losses, but exchange gains and losses are difficult to predict and they avoid foreign exchange risks through forward foreign exchange contracts and avoidance of swaps.
We use net interest costs as a financial cost, and before forecasting depreciation, look at sales costs, overheads - how high is the administrative cost of 14% of the year-to-year rate starting in 2009? Let's compare the glass industry and the auto parts and components industry to comparable companies:
(b) The management rate for the glorified glass is significantly higher than that of other car parts companies; in comparison with 2009, the management costs were divided into three main components: first, employee remuneration (35.72 per cent), and second, R & D.
Costs (30.08 per cent), additional costs: inventory end-of-life, consultants ' fees, lease charges, amortization of intangible assets, start-up fees, insurance premiums, etc., totals (21.59 per cent).
As a result, the fees for consultants and rentals amounted to $109 million, mainly from the acquisition of the German company Sam: inventory scrapping amounted to $99.64 million, due to the new Mansan and U.S. raw materials floating glass rotting, and employee salaries increased by more than 10 per cent per year, mainly due to the rise in the management of new factories in various locations.
Management costs remain high in the short term because of mergers and acquisitions and overseas production lines. Merger acquisitions are one-time events, and when completed, the costs of intermediaries will fall, but at this stage the costs of integrated management will remain, so we project: Sales cost rates — ratio of sales cost (excluding depreciation) to income from the main battalion operations from 2016 to 2018
At this point, the cost rates and rates have been largely projected, but there is an important issue — depreciation amortization — which, in order to forecast the cost of depreciation, must be preceded by capital expenditure, in this case the fixed assets (including construction) account for 48% of the total assets.
Enterprises, we need to construct a separate sheet at pp&e to calculate fixed asset purchases, depreciations, and lateral comparisons between construction work, where the expenditure on glass capital is much higher than that of competitors. In 2017, the share of capital expenditure on Fukuyo was 19.2%, while the ratio of the three giants, Xinziko, San Goiban and Tsumiko, was only 8.7%, 8.3% and 4.6%, respectively.
And in terms of capital expenditure’s upward trend towards cash flows and income, the ability of capex to pull cash flows and revenues has declined over the past decade, and the benefits of capital expenditure have declined as a result of slower downstream full-car sales. According to the three-quarterly report of 2019, the company purchased and built fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets to pay for cash.
Its capital expenditure is mainly directed towards the expansion of domestic and overseas production lines: first, overseas production capacity, consisting mainly of the following components: (1) Russian car glass project: the Kaluga car glass factory solidified production in 2016 with a capacity of 1 million units.
The main clients are the general population, Volvo, Nissan, Modern, Renault, Marks, Fort Lit; 2) North American Automobile and Floating Glass Project: Ohio Motor Glass Lines, Main Clients: Universal, Chrysler, Toyota, Honda, Modern, etc.; 3 million first-stage capacity planning units, yielding about 2.1 million units in 2017 and producing around 2.1 million units in 2017.
With an estimated 70 per cent utilization rate, 2.5 million units of second-stage capacity, with a book value of $500 million in construction work in progress, and a projected full conversion of tons of floating platinum production lines in 2019, the overseas production line is expected to produce approximately 6.5 million car glass units in 2019, with a projected capacity utilization rate of 70 per cent, and single capacity utilization is projected to be 70 per cent.
With a glass capacity of 4 square metres per vehicle, the yield is estimated to be approximately 18 million square metres. According to the three-quarter report in 2019, the production of glass in North America was 3.9 million units, assuming the same production in the fourth quarter, the projected annual capacity for 2019 was 390/67 per cent = 5.2 million units, with a capacity utilization rate of about 80 per cent.
(b) At present, there are 14 car glass lines in the country with a combined capacity of 30 million units/year, with approximately 120 additional domestic production lines for car glass: 1) new Suzhou car glass (4 million units) in 2017, with an estimated investment of 1 billion yuan;
The project is nearing completion, with 77 per cent of the work progress in 2018, assuming that it will be completed in 2019 for consolidation; 2) the two main bases of the stream ' s floating glass (450,000 tons), with an estimated investment of 1 billion yuan and 97 per cent of the construction work in 2018, assuming that in 2019, the country ' s total vehicle glass production capacity was approximately 34 million units, approximately 136 million square metres, and domestic targets.
One million square metres, totalling 1.27 million square metres, have stopped, the loss of fire extinguishers is greater than production, and glass is prone to molding during transport storage. Therefore, the expansion of glass lines must be consistent with increased sales of glass, and there is a marketing radius.
In summary, the Yogurts team adjusted the assumptions made by the construction-in-progress team during the projected period, as follows: 1) Income from construction-in-progress/principal operations - by reference to historical capital expenditure as a percentage of income from 2009 to 2018, i.e., assuming that capital expenditure fell back to the level of mature European and American giants after 20 years.
10,000 m2 of car glass, higher than the 1.68 million m2 of capacity required to maintain city occupancy under the optimistic scenario. Therefore, no additional expansionary capital expenditure is required in this case, and we delete this assumption on this basis. 3) Capital expenditure is divided into new constructions and acquisitions, and revenues from new purchases of fixed assets/principal operations are valued at an historical average of five years.
(4) Intangible asset acquisition/main operating income, at an average of 0.3 per cent over three years: so, the fixed asset component is partially projected to be completed, followed by a further detail to focus on - fixed asset depreciation, how should it be calculated?
The glass industry is typically a heavy asset industry, where depreciation has a greater impact on the profit statement, as in the case of the glazing glass, which in 2018 amounted to RMB 1,397 million, or 14 per cent of the total cost. Depreciation of fixed assets is divided into two main parts - the old fixed asset depreciation and the new fixed asset depreciation.
The original fixed assets consisted mainly of machinery and equipment with a depreciation age of 10-12 years, followed by buildings and years of depreciation, and we compared them to four other companies with glass-capable representatives: 1) belief glass — depreciation using the averaging of years, depreciation of machinery and equipment with a depreciation age of 5-20 years, and construction of buildings with a depreciation age of 5-20 years.
2) South Boba - average age of depreciation of buildings and buildings 20 to 35 years, old age of machinery and equipment 8 to 20 years, residual value 5 per cent; 3) Flagham group - average age of depreciation, 20 years of depreciation of buildings and year of depreciation of machinery and equipment
For 10 years, the estimated net residual value is 5%; The residual value of the glossy glass is 10% and the annual depreciation of the equipment and houses is 4.5 to 9%, corresponding to the old age of 11 to 22 years.
Here, let's be cautious about the assumption — the projected residual value of 3 per cent and the average depreciation age of 11 years — that the new fixed asset component: since construction in progress could not be refined to become fixed in a specific month, we simplify the assumption — that the new fixed asset was added to account for six months of depreciation in that year.
No change has been made to the depreciation component in the current update, with the following forecast for depreciation: In summary, the depreciation of its internal fixed assets is projected to be as follows. Here, both the capital expenditure and the depreciation amortization have been resolved.
From 2016 to 2018, the proportion of working capital to income from glazing glass was 22.34 per cent, 21.43 per cent, and 19.64 per cent, respectively, a downward trend. By comparison with industry, the share of operating capital from Fry was larger, slightly higher than the share of global automobiles.
Glasshead Xizuko, Japan, and San Goban, respectively, account for a smaller share of operating capital. The Yozo team, carefully disassembled, influenced the operating capital mainly by accounts receivable and stock turnover: 1) Xizu, a global tap glass production plant, with the main business comprising flat glass, glazing glass, and building property.
, of which 26.5 per cent were car glass, 4.95 per cent were receivables in 2018 and 2.0 per cent were inventory turnover - the third largest glass enterprise in the world, 51.8 per cent were major camp operations, including flat glass, special glass, car glass, 9.33 per cent were receivables in 2017 and 4.11 per cent were inventory turnover;
St. Goban - Global Lead Glass Construction, 5% car glass turnover, 6.29% receivables in 2018, 5.11% inventory turnover; 4) Shinji glass - one of the major manufacturers of the global glass industry chain, with the main business being floating glass, auto proprietorship
The ratio was 26 per cent, with a liquidity rate of 9.84 per cent for receivables and 5.87 per cent for inventory in 2018 and 4.48 per cent for accounts receivable compared with the previous year's turnover rate for accounts receivable in the same period, based on the three-quarterly report data for 2019.
4.16 There has been an improvement in liquidity efficiency. There is a certain seasonality of accounts receivable in the auto spare parts industry, which will gradually improve liquidity from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the year.
In contrast to the industry, in this case, the turnover of accounts payable was higher than in the same industry, mainly because the floating glass raw materials were large commodity and energy suppliers, such as pure alkaline, quartz sand, heavy oil, floating glass, with a relatively weak voice.
This represents an increase of 1.72 per cent in operating efficiency — mainly based on stock turnover — compared to other vehicle spare parts enterprises, whose stock turnover is lower, mainly due to self-generated materials.
According to the three-quarterly inventory turnover rate of 2.9 in 2019, there has been little change in the operating capital and stability in the main business discourse as compared to the previous year's stock turnover rate. In order to improve the efficiency of operating capital in the future, it is necessary to increase the turnover of the accounts receivable from the downstream voice.
Set, as follows: 1) Considering its long-standing collaboration in the world ' s large vehicle complex, the ratio of turnover efficiency of receivables is not low in the industry, and given the product characteristics, it is assumed that the inventory as a proportion of the cost remains at the same level for three years.
It's an extremely important part of the case -- valuation modelling, how exactly should it be measured?
Before modeling, let's take a look at the basics of the case: upgrading, and the difference in retention between mature markets (especially Japan). Second, the price, attention to the value of the bicycle package, such as the merger decoration and the subsequent integration, and when the synergies will be released.
2) Industry ceilings: As of 2018, China had 140 cars for 1,000, the United States 790 and Japan 590. In absolute terms, China’s cars are still far from the top.
(3) For the mooring river: the cost advantage of the existing car glass, the quality of the product, the cost of conversion of the entire factory, and therefore the pattern of city occupancy, is stable. (5) The right of speech is basically stable and there is a slight increase in the voice of the glorified glass.
Stabilized, relatively weak downstream garages, but with a negative growth in the industry, there is a slight increase in the number of working days of accounts receivable, with no tendency to relax the voice. 6) In terms of competition patterns: the share of Glossy Glass in the domestic car glass market is 60 per cent. The share of the global market is 26 per cent for the industry.
7) Risk: One is that there will be no stronger car-stimulating consumption policy in the future and the recovery will be slow; the other is that Sam's M&As will not integrate as expected, and the synergies will not be realized.
All of this, for the purposes of the financial modelling table, and the detailed valuation matrix for some of the priority companies, is to purchase a prototype or a professional version of the report.
In the case of Yangtze electricity, Haikangway, and Heng Swe medicine, for example, the modeling section is as follows:
In the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case, along these lines. Only by thinking clearly about these issues can the company become fully understood and the logic shut down. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not taken into account,
It is clear that there will still be a great disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies. What are the differences between the data zones that have been produced, and whether there are any points for reflection? Are there any differences between the big domestic and foreign companies?
2) Are the valuation ranges derived from the combination of relative valuation methods, absolute valuation methods, logical? Where are the differences? If sensitivity analyses are conducted, how much is the impact of the wacc and acceleration on the valuation? 3) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - the choice of different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial projections be combined to form a closed link to the logic of valuation modelling? 4) After the pre-surge and collapse, many people are likely to be nervous and sleepless -- so, what is the value of this case, whether it is expensive or cheap?
Due to the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the payee who will be in charge of the merger and purchase of the report, so that the M&A team will be required to report to the user, and some of the content will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function. A reasonable price for the good product will be a way to make the world a better place – the cost that everyone will pay will be in our interest.
Adding more investment elites from top universities around the world would also facilitate the M&A team's procurement of deeper industry data from a global perspective, allowing it to continue to refine and provide you with more dryer research. If you are interested in the [valued part] of this case, and more other cases, you can scan the bottom two-dimensional code to get the case.
Details of valuation modelling, and the financial risks that may be involved. At the same time, reports that were previously unpublicable for a number of reasons, as well as significant risk point tips, will be included.
No form of decision-making supports any form of investment proposal. This paper is based on public corporate attributes, is organized according to its laws, and does not endorse changes in the future, nor does it support any changes in the future. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness.
There are risks and research needs to be careful. 3) With regard to the theme: Financial modelling reports are very voluminous, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and do not ensure that all the cases you need are covered. 4) With regard to the platform: all elements of the elite team are exported only to the micro-trust platform, are not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse for counterfeiting and violating platforms.