New materials in the north: the q1 volume affected by the epidemic fell, with a slightly lower than expected performance
The expansion, the steady rise in the city's share, the advantages of the corporate conglomerates, channels and brands, which are about 28 per cent lower than the previous year, is largely affected by the epidemic, with downstream demand recovering at a slower pace than the price decline, on the one hand, as a result of the restructuring of the product structure and the share of lower-priced products in Tarzan and Dream Cards.
North New Materials (000786), "North New Materials: Illustrated Stones" ; on the other hand, due to strong market competition, and in order to consolidate the market share, some of the pieces are expected to enter a new price-raising cycle.
The change in accounting standards to a similar decline in the q1 Māori rate, combined with an increase in the cost of the period for waterproofing performance.
Gains and losses affect current performance, and the layout of waterproofing is based on a shift in freight costs associated with part of the sale of goods to integrated service providers - 2019/10/26, as required by the new revenue guidelines
Operating costs; second, due to restructuring of the company's products and lower prices of some varieties resulting in a drop in the rate of North New Building (000786).
In the future, the price of scrap paper will drop significantly, for example, in the China Rain Paper industry, and in March the country will be abandoned - 2019/08/19.
The average price was about $1530 per ton, a decrease of $440 per ton from the beginning of the year, and the cost downside led to a recovery in the Māori Ring. The cost for the company during the quarter was 22.6 per cent, an increase of about 9 pct over the same period, with sales costs increasing by 49.7 per cent over the year.
This latter increase; administrative costs increased by approximately 60 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting from the increased loss of production of q1 subsidiaries, in addition to the combined increase in waterproofing operations: financial costs increased by approximately 185 per cent on a year-on-year basis, waterproofing operations combined with increased corporate borrowing costs, resulting in increased interest costs.
In the area of water protection, a new performance growth point was created: the company's reorganization of the acquisition of the Sichuan sheep, the King's water protection and Henan's thumb protection was successfully carried out in the area of water protection, resulting in the installation of 10 major water defence industry bases covering the whole country. In 19, the company collected about 205 million yuan from the waterproof business camp.
As integration deepens, the new North is expected to build on its own financial and industrial advantages quickly, and the water sector is still poorly developed, while the new North is expected to accelerate market integration, increase industry concentration and bring new industries to the company.
Downstream demand is gradually recovering, and q2 companies are expected to catch up. The impact of the epidemic on company production is greater in the first quarter, and downstream demand is expected to return to normal gradually from April, as downstream recovery accelerates, while new real estate construction has accelerated towards completion since the second half of last year, although q1
The completion of the work affected by the epidemic was delayed, but not absent, and demand supported throughout the year; we believe that, with the accelerated resumption of work, demand from q1 is expected to be released centrally, q2 companies will be on the verge of becoming involved in the firm's super-negotiation capacity, and if future costs rise, the company will have sufficient capacity to move forward.
Downstream transmission, industry leadership is strong.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.