Weir shares (603501), company review report 20/08/2020, with a significant increase in performance and a new growth in high pixel power.
41.02 per cent of company review report for Weir stock (603501), operating income of $4,226 billion in the second quarter, a 10.72 per cent increase in ring value; net profit returns of the company significantly increased, and industry leaders continued to consolidate
The company’s level of profitability has risen significantly, as a result of the boom in the mobile camera market and its growing profitability. Howell’s participation has led to a significant improvement in the company’s performance, with retroactive adjustments in the market value of circulation (millions):
With the continued expansion of corporate cos image business, the company’s profitability will continue to rise and develop in the future. Multi-sector convergence for development, with a full-scale technological innovation pre-empting.
In the first half of the year, the company launched a number of high-end products that lead technology streams. The mobile phone has launched a high-pixel sensor of 48 m and 64 m, and has taken the lead in breaking through the industry’s lowest-pixel 0.7 micrometer technical barrier.
At the same time, the company develops the highest power management chip at the international level around areas such as cis and iot. Through the cross-fertilization of technologies in various fields, the company is expected to lead the tide of the industry and lay the foundation for the company to take off.
There's no shortage of cellular needs, vehicle-borne relays, hemopi, and in the current fields, mobile phones are the main source of image sensors, while in the automobiles.
There is a trend towards high-speed eruptions. The number of newly listed mobile phone cameras and pixels have continued to rise, with a fast-track back-to-back four-phased medium- and low-end mobile phones, with a growing trend of mainstream pixels of 48 m and 64 m. At the end of the car market, autopilots are required for camera functions based on level 1.3.
Statistics show that each vehicle is expected to carry 15-18 cameras in the future. With the growth of the mobile and automobile markets, the constant power of high-end sensors in companies, leading image sensors, Weir shares will continue to expand market ownership and industry positions, and corporate performance will continue to grow.
The company released its semi-annual report for 2020, which generated a gross operating income of $8,043 million, an increase of 41.02 per cent over the retroactive operating income of the same period in 2019, and $4,226 million in the second quarter, an increase over the first quarter.
Long 10.72%; net profit return is 990 million yuan, an increase of 1206.17% over the same period. Howell’s participation has led to a significant improvement in the company’s business performance, with an overall Māori ratio of 27.41% in the first half of 2019 after retroactive adjustment and 32.34% in the first half of 2020, with a reduction in all costs and net operating of the company.
With the continued expansion of corporate cos image business, the company’s level of profitability will continue to rise, and its future growth will be sustainable. Net profits in the second quarter will be $530 million, an increase of 18.83% over the first quarter ring.
There has been a steady increase in profitability. As a result of growing demand in the area of cameras in the first half of the year, as well as the emergence of high-end products from companies, companies, as image sensors, will continue to expand their market ownership and profitability in a variety of products.
Figure 2: Levels of gross profits (millions of yuan) and Māori ratio of companies, Figure 3: Levels of net profits (millions of yuan) and net interest rates of companies, which continued to build up in the first half of the year, gradually introduced a range of new products that contributed to growth in performance:
ov48c of 48 m and the first 64 million pixels under the flag ov64c were released in the first quarter of the year, and then again, on 29 April 2020, 64m product ov64b, which is the only single 0.7 micro-pixelscms image sensor available in the industry, with the first one-two-thirds optical.
The size achieves 64 m pixel resolution. ov48c has been placed on the latest edition of the 10th to 7th Measles, released in August, with an increase in the proportion of high-pixel products, there is still much room for growth in the company's performance; In the vehicle area, the company has released the first nyxel technology image sensor ox03a2s.
\triangleright don't automatically drive the demand statistics for camera functions, each vehicle is expected to carry 15-18 cameras in the future, and as autopilots develop, the company's long-term layout in the area of automobiles is expected to be effective as it becomes a company.
In the field of dynamic visual sensors (event-basedvisionsensor), the celex series of products developed by company-owned cylon technology is at the same level of industry and is the first to launch a 1m resolution sensor globally, with features such as time consistency between dynamic information and greyscale information and the availability of photostreams.
At present, in addition to continuously developing a more dynamic visual sensor chip, companies are working with downstream clients to develop applications based on the chip, including smartphones, home appliances, security, ar/vr (hand gesture recognition, human tracking), robots/unmanns (real-time mapping and positioning), advanced support.
(b) In other semiconductor chip areas, company technology development has also developed a good \triangleright with cos image sensors \triangleright
Interaction and cluster effects. In the power management chip ldo direction, Weir pioneered the development of a battery management chip for hyperpixel cis and an ultra-low power consumption ldo for the network of things, with product performance at the highest interstate level. In the area of overpressure protection, the company developed the best and smallest ovpic in the country.
Chips: In the field of tvs, the company has developed an international leading electrostatic protection chip: in the field of tddi, the company also launched a full screen product for low-end mobile phones in the first half of the year. As Will's own design business and Howie's design capacity are increasingly integrated, the company will be led differently through a variety of advanced technologies.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.