Veer stock (603501), electronic cis-led performance growth, sustained downstream application market expansion, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: company disclosure of mid-2020 performance, company 2020h1 revenue of $8.04 billion, or 41.0 per cent more than the previous year (after retroactive adjustment); net profit return of $990 million, or 1206.2 per cent more than the previous year; rapid growth in design operations for the 2020H1 semiconductor, with a steady increase in the combined Māori ratio.
Design operations received $6.89 billion, or 85.9 per cent, of the increase in semiconductor design operations, mainly in the area of deep layout image sensors, and 2020h1 continued to launch new products. 2020h1 launched ov64b.7um64mpcmos on the end of the cell phone to support real-time Bayer output, enabling high-end design support.
64mp pixels are thinner at the same time; ox03a2s of nyxel technology is rolled out at the end of the vehicle, designed for external imaging applications, capable of detecting and identifying objects that cannot be captured by other image sensors in a weak light environment.
Mosfet products are gradually entering the net, security markets: with regard to radio frequency, the company is focusing on lna products and is developing two new high- and low-end programmes to respond to market differentiation demands; in the field of access to goods and smart households, the company has developed silicon products in mobile phones, smart sound boxes, tws headphones, smart robots, and tws.
The small-scale low-capacity products developed by companies in the headphone field are at a national lead level; they benefit from a strong downstream demand for integrated competition for their products, with a continued high optical climate and a good look at the replacement of the national production of corporate cos products.
As head functions continue to upgrade, the company ' s product ov48c has now become the main camera for the 10th to the Humpty version of millet, watching the company ' s high-end lenses continue to cut into the client ' s high-end flagship product supply, and the high-end camera structure continues to see the increase in penetration.
In the trend towards the replacement of chips, leading companies will benefit from the Chis industry dividend, and will continue to look after the company’s alternative path. In the next three years, the net profit of the mother cagr will remain at 203.2%, due to the low profit base in 2019.
There is still a 36.0 per cent compound acceleration, based on the growth path of the offshore semiconductor enterprises, and the company as a “photoelectric tap” for the overall layout of the national microchip. Long-term interest in corporate development. The company was given 70 times as much in 2021 as expected, and accelerated competition in the industry led to a decline in product prices.
One company, the “photo-electric tap” for the comprehensive layout of the pan-mime chip, was established in 2007 and is based in the Zhang Gang High Technology Park in Shanghai, and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2017, and has been engaged in semiconductor industry design and semiconductor product distribution since its inception.
The acquisition of major assets reorganizations in Howie and Spico in Beijing covers four main areas of “power plus power plus radio frequency plus sensor” and covers semiconductor design and marketing, with a strong lead in the field of photovoltaics. Corporate business structure: The company’s current collection is mainly two: semiconductor design and sale, electronic component agency, and sale.
Revenue structure: 2020h1 company semiconductor design and sales revenue was $6.89 billion, an increase of 42.7 per cent, or 32.5 per cent, of the total battalion, and 14.1 per cent; Māori share: Māori for company semiconductor design and sales business was $2.4 billion, Māori 92.1 per cent, and Māori head of company; electronic parts agency and sales were R$200 million.
Due to the high level of semiconductor design and marketing of Māori at 34.7%, Māori accounted for a further increase in the comparative share of revenues. Corporate performance: Corporate revenue and net return profits have been growing overall since 2015, and the rate of increase in net return profits began to accelerate in 2019, mainly as a result of the company’s completion of a merger of acquisitions to Howie and Spico in Beijing in 2019.
The expansion has led to a rapid increase in the size of the collection. The net profit on corporate returns was 41.9% from 120 million yuan in 2015 to 470 million yuan in 2019. The net profit on corporate acquisitions and forms has also increased significantly.
Area and other semiconductor chip fields. Image sensor area: this business became the company's current main business by acquiring Howie and Spico in Beijing, accompanied by a continuous breakthrough (e.g. 64m), gradually delivering to major branders and on mobile phone cameras.
Other semiconductor chip areas: The company ' s current important product, which is poweric, tvs and mosfet, is expected to continue to grow steadily, with an average of 86 times per cent per year and 64 times per year per year for 2020-2022, and we believe that the company currently has a certain valuation advantage.
Yuu still has a 36.0% compound acceleration, based on the growth path of the offshore semiconductor enterprises, long-term good growth of the long track quality company, long-term growth of the company as a “photo-electric pole” for the overall layout of the national generic chip, long-term interest in the development of the company, and a comparative value for the company in Table 2 of 2021 (based on the company's cut-off price on 20 August)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.