2020/08/20 Company announcement that 20h1 achieved operating income of $8.043 billion, an increase of 41.02 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return to the mother.
990 million yuan, an increase of 12,617 per cent over the same period.According to Howell, the company ' s business income of 20q2 amounted to $4,226 billion, i.e., 38 per cent, ring + 11 per cent; non-receipt development: 20h1 introduced 0.7um64mpcms, with global exposure through led scintillation techniques.
Accumulation of light technology, nyxel near-infrared and ultra-low-light technology, high-dynamic image (hdr) technology, and deployment of core products in vehicles, security, medical, etc.
On the one hand, there was an increase in the number of cameras and on the other hand, a continuous upgrading of the single camera function and the penetration of high pixel lenses.
Given the high demand downstream and the rising proportion of high-pixel products, it is expected that we will look at the alternative path to Howie’s national production: the company is currently stocking up. In the context of the big trend of chip domesticization, the company will benefit fully from the dividends of the development of the cis industry, and the number and value of image sensors in the areas of mobile phones, cars, security will increase steadily.
In terms of R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D. In terms of R & D, Lina also develops high-low-end products to meet market differentiation needs, and is currently in the test stage. In terms of P & I, the company has developed mobile phones, smart sound boxes, tws headphones, smart robot collars.
Silicon products in the field, small-sized low-capacity products developed in the field of tws headphones, are currently at the forefront of the country and have been adopted by well-known national brands.
Performance report points: o1 optically pulls up high growth, epidemic control is not as high as expected, trade friction between Central America and the United States is escalating, and downstream customers are not delivering as much as expected.
Report point assessment: Year-round compliance with expectations, supply and demand stress of the cis, and pull on the forecast of the company ' s financial statements
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,