Small household appliances q3 performed well over expectations, full price-carriage logic gradually realized event: corporate business income of $5,689 million in the first three quarters of 23 years, a year-on-year increase
The new product has a strong life cycle, and the branding of the new flagship + value-for-money match has worked well, with a steady exchange rate and a much higher rate of internal and external sales than expected. Companies have developed and branded deep-ploughed products in recent years, adding to the regional market strategy's precision and logic. In terms of internal sales, companies are 23
The annual launch of the flagship g20 and value for money p10 series, which started by widening the full base price, has increased 45% in a single quarter of the year. In terms of external sales, the European market has continued the trend of q2 restoration; North American markets have expanded aggressively, and the S8 series has accelerated the capture of the share of indigenous competitions in North America, and the online US-American arc.
Total equity/flow (millions) Overprimeday sales increased by 50 per cent over the same period, and the under-line ka channel successfully entered the bottom gate of the Target line with total market value/flow (millions)
Businesses. Corporate sales q increased by 65% in the first quarter of the year, with more than 50% in Europe, the United States and Asia-Pacific markets.
During the period, the European market was significantly repaired, new products were sold 59.11% Māori, an increase of 10 pct over the same period, mainly due to the optimization of product structure, which led to an increase in the volume of goods sold at a higher rate of profit S8. The company’s net interest rate for the first three quarters of the year was higher.
StoneTech (688169) "Big Software Enterprises with State Encouragement" has determined that Help Corp. 1.73pt, mainly due to the company's pre-investment in product marketing and branding for the q4 season, is the main reason for this.
Conversion of sales of boost q4; 3.01 per cent increase in corporate management costs by 0.72 pct over the same period; 7.88 per cent increase in production costs by 7.03 pct over the same period; 1.95 per cent increase in financial costs by the same year; resonance of the new product cycle in and out of the traditional land sweeper, rehabilitation of the European market; unique molecule sifting
2023/04/27 Boilers bring growth elasticity. Traditional land sweeper operations, domestic sales of new items g20 and p10, which take the lead in filling empty price bands in the market for ground sweepers at Zigji Station, have a pre-existing advantage that is likely to help with the release of new items.
The price hub of North America’s new S8 series continues to rise, anchoring high-end markets abroad: the geopolitical impact on European operations has been largely mitigated, and the European region continues to be heavily repaired. The original molecular sifting machine, with its high-priced "dry blackness"
"Technology" shuffles the market and opens up a new growth curve. 11x, considering the company's continuing performance, ground sweepers plus dryers double-dump power, research institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.