Stone technology (688169) Household appliances have continued to increase their earnings and have significantly increased their profitability.
Events: In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $5.69 billion, an increase of 29.5 per cent in the same year; in the third quarter of 2023, the mother's net profit was 1.36 billion yuan, an increase of 59.1 per cent in the same year; in the first quarter, the q3 company achieved a revenue of 2.31 billion yuan, an increase of 57.6 per cent; in the mother's net profit of $620 million, an increase of 160.4 per cent in the same year.
According to Ovienet, the share of sales on the company ' s land-cleaning line in the first three quarters of 2023 was 24.8%, an increase of 7.2 pp in the same year; the share of sales was 20%, an increase of 7.8 pp in the same year. The company ' s price-for-money strategy worked, with a significant increase in the end share.
In addition, q3 launched a new product p10pro and improved the layout of laundry machine products, which is expected to grow further in the context of the forthcoming surge.
The product structure continues to optimize, and the share of external sales has risen steadily. q3-quarter corporate sales abroad have grown by 65% over the same period, up 80% from the total income. On the one hand, the company’s overseas products are new, and the distributors are active for the forthcoming overseas boosters; on the other hand, the company’s combined products are competitive, and the sea is more competitive.
The share of the foreign market in North America and Asia and the Pacific continues to be optimized. As the company’s overseas market channels are better laid, it is expected that the company’s share abroad will continue to be optimized.
7.4 pp. We believe that the reasons why the company's Māori rate has been significantly optimized are as follows: 1) q3 overseas distributors are active and profitier overseas sales have increased; 2) company products have been upgraded, and product structures have been optimized. 3) q3 low RMB exchange rate has helped companies to make better profits.
See, company sales costs are 19.3 per cent, a 0.2 per cent decrease in the same year; management costs are 2.6 per cent, a comparison of profit forecasts and investment proposals. As the volume of new items increases, it is expected that the company’s product structure will continue to be optimized, profiting 3. Stone technology (688169): short-term overseas sales commitments
Assumption 2: As the company enriches its product model to cover more consumers and expects its average price to fall, and considering the scope of our business, we have selected three companies that are mainstream in the industry as comparable companies. From a pe perspective, the value of the company in 2023 is 20 times the average for the industry and 15 times the average for the industry.
Capable, autonomous branding operations are dominated, end-market shares are ahead, channels are gradually refined, and the company's profits are further increased and a “buy-in” rating is maintained. Table 2: Comparable corporate valuations
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.