Rocks and technology: q3 outperforms expectations and significantly improves profitability 621 million yuan, +160.38 per cent of the year, net profit of 593 million won and lost to the mother, Loaiyang
\triangleright (+41.57%) further up, and we think that q3 has achieved a high increase in sales both inside and outside.
+3.83/+1.96/+1.49 pct, respectively, the same ratio for sales under the line, the same ratio for sales under the line, the lower base of 22q3, and we expect the q3 offshore industry as the overseas market recovers.
Increased sales cost inputs and significant improvements in the profitability of q3. \triangleright q3 achieved a Māori rate of 59.11%, compared to +9.96pt, which we believe is Māori ratio of q3
The reasons for this significant improvement are: 1) companies actively accelerate the upgrading of overseas product structures, which is conducive to an increase in overseas Māori (Māori) rates and, as overseas operations resume, their share of corporate business income is either higher or higher; 2) Māori rates for overseas operations are affected or further increased by exchange rates;
In terms of cost rates, q3 sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates +6.92, +0.97, +1.86, +0.51 pct, respectively, have increased the investment of sales costs. q3 companies have significantly increased net operating cash flows and reduced liquidity efficiency.
At the end of the period +279 per cent; at the end of the 23q3 period, the company's inventory totalled $921 million, compared with H1 at the end of the year +21.24 per cent, and we believe that the increase in the inventory was mainly due to preparations for the q4 countries' high-profile events such as Double Eleven and Overseas Black Five and Christmas; at the end of the 23q3 period, the corporate contract liability totalled $106 million, compared to the end of H1
The main reason is the increase in cash received as a result of the expansion of sales this year.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side, Beijing, expected, higher dependency on single goods, increased competition in the industry, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
M.A. in Fusion & Management. Used to work in the development of commercial telecommunications equipment in the tp-link hardware research and development department. New wealth in 2015 and 2017. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020.
In 2022, he joined the Credit Certificate, a study in the household appliances industry, covering white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yuko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.