Income performance exceeded expectations and the global share continued to rise by \triangleright billion yuan, an increase of 29.51 per cent in the same year; net return return profit of 1.36 billion yuan, an increase of 59.10 per cent in the same year;
In the domestic market, according to Ovienet data, the public market has increased rapidly.
The \triangleright Division ' s share of retail sales on the line for the first three quarters of the year 23, was 24.82 per cent, the same year +2.53 pct, largely benefiting from the company ' s successful price-for-price launch this year of the 3,000-bit series of new products in a weak consumer environment.
With regard to overseas markets, we expect the company to grow 23q3 overseas faster than the company as a whole. Subregionally, 23q3 Europe is expected to continue to grow at a high rate under the new item listing + the low base for the same period.
With strong product competitive edges plus brands rising further, 23q3 North American and Asia-Pacific markets are expected to remain fast-growing. In addition, the company’s offline break-through in October, and North America’s successful entry into the retail giant target channel, are important for the company’s future increase in its share of the North American market and profitability.
The Māori rate has risen significantly, and profitability has improved significantly. The company 23q3 Māori rate is 59.11%. In the medium and long term, the land sweep track continues to be a high-growth world, with rocks around the globe.
\triangleright has the potential to expand the market’s share on a continuous basis.
Global competitive advantage, with the rise in the share of national production poles represented by stone technology, Kovos, etc., from 1% in 2017, 11% in 2020, 9% in 2020, and 17%. With national production, 3. Rock technology (688196.sh) reported fast performance in 2022.
Branding has been further improved in overseas market channels, and the share of the foreign share is expected to continue to rise. Review: Outsourcing performance is over-expected, domestic markets close to the point-2 Investment proposal: corporate sales continue to rise this year, external sales recover strongly, and North America is officially on the rise
Three-quarterly reporting points in 2022. Breaking through, we keep looking at the long-term and long-term market for land sweepers and companies in the global market.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.