The focus on the digital industry is growing steadily, and the advantage is clearly to benefit from the industrial dividend. 19 April 2019
Incidents: The company issued its first quarter report for 2019 on 18 April 2019. In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved $12.230 billion in operating income, an increase of 20.85 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was $377 million, compared to Wei Hongmei.
Focusing on digital platform solutions. The company is committed to building a complete and powerful " cloud-net-end-end-end " industrial chain, and with years of technological accumulation, it has become a provider of leading digital products and solutions. With the new generation of information technology, such as cloud computing, big data, and access to goods,
In 2019, the company continued to invest more in its basic products and related solutions, working to improve the competitiveness of its products and to complete its good industrial chain layout. In the first quarter of 2019, the company’s performance maintained its rapid growth momentum.
During the first quarter of the year, the company's base structure product service operations contributed $5.5 billion to revenue collection, and its product distribution and supply chain services $7.6 billion. Control costs increased profitability.
When interest rates fall, the net interest rate is marketed because the company effectively controls the cost. During the reporting period, the cost of company sales fell by 0.37 percentage points over the same period, the management cost rate (including R&D rates) fell by 0.55 percentage points over the same period, and the financial cost rate fell by 0.19 percentage points over the same period.
At present, as the socio-economic and new generation of communication technologies develop, the amount of data will increase explosively. At the same time, governments and businesses will increase their demand for cloud computing in order to upgrade their services and business capabilities.
According to statistics from idc 2018, the company’s share of the wlan market was the first in China’s enterprise class; China’s share of the market for the Tainet exchange was the second; and China’s share of the market for the Internet routers was the first.
Two: Firewalls, intrusion defense systems, security content management, load balance, etc., are among the leading types of safety products in the market. With excellent products and solutions, the company has built nine gold projects in the “Standard Engineering” with a share of more than 70% in the central ministries and the provinces of the country at all levels.
With the acceleration of the digital economy, companies rely on their products to become more competitive within the industry, helping to promote business development and improve their performance.
Investment recommendations: Recommended ratings are given for the first time. Companies have advantages in their products and solutions, and their performance is expected to improve as demand for cloud services increases in downstream firms. Thus, `market index' references to this rating system are covered for the first time by 300 index depths.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.