Events: In recent days, the Purple Shares published their annual report for 2018, when they achieved an operating income of 48.306 billion yuan, an increase of 23.63 per cent in the same year; the realization of a net profit of 1,704 million yuan (000938.sz) for shareholders belonging to the parent company, an increase of 8.86 per cent in the same year; and the realization of a net profit of 1,311 million yuan for shareholders belonging to the non-subsequently parent company, an increase of 35.11 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright billion dollars, an increase of 6.63% over the same logo, and operating revenues from base structure products and solutions of $21,684 million, an increase of 35.57% over the same period. The company’s business structure is further optimized, and the distribution of lower-morigin submersible products continues to decline as a percentage of total revenue.
The business itself dropped its Māori rate by 6.95 percentage points, and the company ' s overall Māori rate fell by 0.72 percentage points to 21.24 per cent. Costs remained largely stable, with only financial costs growing faster as a result of factors such as increased borrowing by subsidiaries.
According to idc, the company’s share in the Chinese corporate class wlan market in 2018, the second in the Ethernet exchange market, and the second in the corporate class router market. The size of the global Ethernet exchange market grew by 12.7% in the fourth quarter of 2018, and the demand for network infrastructure remained strong at 15.6%. In addition, companies continued to grow by 15.6% in firewalls, intrusions into defense systems, security.
Content management, load balance, etc., is at the top of the market for a wide range of safety products, maintaining its first share in the domestic market of sdn/nfv. The company’s launch of the global first 400g platform’s core data centre exchange, over 30 ac and ap products, as well as its safety class products, including end safety, advanced threat detection products, etc., has consolidated the existing industry.
In the field of cloud computing, companies have built models to support public, private, mixed clouds, etc.
In 2018, the company expanded to a wide range of industries, and now has more than 300 such cloud computing projects at the national, ministerial, provincial and district levels.
The company also successfully entered the financial cloud high-end application, represented by the People's Bank of China Clearing Centre; the whole-store margin calculation solution is already safe and watery. Performance has improved significantly, cloud service strategy plus code. 2018.5.7 Xinhua Three has increased performance and cloud service strategy continues to advance.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City is 29, 23, and 19 times higher, respectively, maintaining an “enhancement” rating. Risk factors: downside macroeconomic risks; market competition in cloud computing increases risks; and research and development risks in technology and products.
\triangleright, Master of Business Administration, eight years of experience in software development, pc product management, etc., in the computer industry. In 2007, he joined the Sindash securities industry.
Yuan Haiwoo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics and Master of Condensed Physics. Joined Sunda Securities in 2016 for research in the computer industry. Wang Jooyu, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.