A steady growth in revenue, looking at the company's leading position in the field of political clouds - a steady growth in the stock exchange in the Quarterly Report, and an increase in government subsidies to boost the net profit from the mother
On the evening of 18 April 2019, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2019. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $12,220 million, an increase of 20.85 per cent over the same period, and a net return profit of $377 million, a significant increase of 52.66 per cent over the same period. The net profit of $228 million, net of non-recurring gains and losses, was realized over the same period.
13.49 per cent. Non-recurrent gains and losses have a greater impact on the company ' s net return profits, with the company having been inactive for the reporting period of $42,348 million, an increase of 273.27 per cent over the same period. In addition, transactions in which companies recorded gains and losses in the current period have resulted in fair value changes and disposal gains and losses of $52,025,000 during the reporting period.
One of the reasons why the Division returns a net profit to its mother in the first quarter is the slight decline in the Māori rate, the continuous increase in R & D inputs, and the improved cost structure, with a sales cost of 6.73 per cent, a decrease of 0.73 pct from the same year, a combination of management and R & D rates.
At 8.87%, the corresponding figure is 0.56 pct. Companies continue to increase their R & D investment, with a 7.39% R & D cost, a high share of digital infrastructure products, and a clear political cloud.
First, there is the second largest share of the country in the T-net exchange; the second largest share of the country in the business network router; and the leading share of the market for a wide range of safety products, such as firewalls, intrusion defence systems, security content management, load balance, etc. In the area of industrial applications, companies actively promote integration and services from the traditional int architecture of systems integration operations.
"A significant increase in net profits from withholding, and the transformation of its basic products and towards large integration, including cloud integration and cloud services, particularly in the area of political cloud services, which are progressing well"
Products and solutions continue to win more bids, maintaining a leading edge in the market for the political cloud. "Break-year-year-on-year growth of 33%, "Platform+Ecology" can grow with high performance, cloud computing, network products, goods."
We continue to watch company H3c equipment and industry solution business lead in the field of political cloud, and we're getting a little bit more on the Internet. 2018-04-26, ps 1.46, 1.92 and 2.39, respectively, maintaining a "recommended" rating.