Central and Far Sea Control (601919) Transport markets return to normal, integrated service providers demonstrate business resilience, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
In 2023, the China-China Portfolio Portfolio Index (ccfi) dropped by 66.4 per cent in the same year.
The annualization is 50% of the net profits of the shareholders of the listed company, and the overall capacity of the company is the world-wide leader. As of 31 March 2024, the size of the medium- and far-sea control of its own capacity reached 510 standard boxes of 310.6 million, an increase of 2.1% from the beginning of the year, with the company ' s capacity maintained.
In the first column of the industry, the average age of a single ship is 13.1 years, with an average capacity of 6090 standard boxes, increasing the distance of transport to the Red Sea at the beginning of the year, and more environmentally sound and efficient. The events of the Red Sea since the beginning of 2024 have led to an increase in the overall distance of the container ship and in the demand for transport, while environmental policy has become harsher.
Under the circumstances, the speed of old ships and non-environmental ships will be affected, and the effective capacity of container ships will increase less than the actual capacity to deliver and the overall capacity to operate is manageable.
The emphasis is on the fact that effective capacity is growing less rapidly than the new ships actually delivered, and that market power can be controlled, and that companies are expected to operate more robustly as head shipping enterprises, while at the same time, as the global economy stabilizes, it collects $15.4 to cover for the first time, giving a "buy-in" rating.
One of the world's leading container shipping integrated service providers, China Far Sea Control, is a flagship company and capital platform for the shipping and terminal operators of the China and Far China Shipping Group. The company was founded on 3 March 2005, successfully listed on 30 June 2005 on the Hong Kong joint terminal master board, and was launched on 26 June 2007 in Hong Kong.
Sea-based stock exchanges have been successfully listed. Near- and long-range control is currently positioned as a global digital supply chain operating and investment platform with container shipping at its core. It is a core company with the vision of “accelerating the formation of world-class shipping science and technology enterprises” of the Mid- and Far-Sea Shipping Group, which is committed to providing customers with a full-link solution for container shipping plus port-related logistics services.
Figure 1: Corporate transport solutions Intensible progress on the development of an integrated global corridor network for container shipping + port + related logistics and efforts to provide customers with a digital supply chain service.
External international, operating international and domestic container transport services and related operations. In 2023, the company ' s container shipping operations generated $16.130 billion, or 94.2 per cent, and its Māori operations amounted to $25.560 billion; and in 2023, the company ' s handling and storage of containers and bulk terminals through the mid- and long-range maritime ports generated $10.4 billion, or 5.8 per cent.
Māori operates at $3.21 billion. With the advantages of the network of shipping routes within and outside the country and multimodal transport services, the company strengthens port navigation and provides high-quality digital supply chain services to global customers.
Long- and long-range maritime energy, mid- and long-range maritime transport, passenger transport, etc., are committed to consolidating and developing the status of the world’s largest integrated shipping industry, with companies operating through three main subsidiaries.
A standard box of 310.6 million, an increase of 2.1 per cent from the beginning of the year, with the company ' s capacity maintained at the top of the industry ' s ranks; the average age of the ship was the company ' s continued optimization of the global layout and its capture of the new growth poles of the global economy. The company operated 283 international routes (including international feeder lines), 53 Chinese coastal routes and 84 Pearl River Delta and Yangtze tributaries, with a combined presence of about 144 countries around the globe.
In the first quarter of 2024, Asia (including Australia) accounted for 35% of shipping lines, China mainland for 19%, and Trans-Pacific for 18%. The docks of China’s five main ports along the coast of China and the lower and middle of the Yangtze, Europe, the Mediterranean, the Middle East, and China’s coastal areas.
South-East Asia, South America, Africa, etc.. As of 31 December 2023, China Far Sea Ports operated and managed 371 berths worldwide, 224 of which were container berths with a capacity of approximately 123 million TEUs in the current year. In the first quarter of 2024, the total volume of cargo through mid- and long-range maritime ports owned by companies amounted to 33.262 million TEUs, an increase of 9.8 per cent.
The shipping market is returning to normal, and companies continue to increase their core competitiveness and show resilience. In 2023, China’s export collection, the containerized combined index (ccfi), showed a decline of 66.4% in average value on the same date, and companies achieved business income of $17.45 billion, a decline on the same basis.
Faced with a contraction in demand, an increase in supply due to the build-up of new ship deliveries, an overall tightening of supply and demand, and a continuing downward trend of 2022, companies have effectively smoothed market cycle fluctuations by improving their competitiveness from a variety of routes, service capacity, etc. 2.1 pp more than in 2020. Sub-operations show that corporate container shipping has achieved 25.560 billion Māori, Māori, Māori, etc.
The rate was 15.2 per cent, the container terminal operation was worth $3.21 billion, and the rate was 30.9 per cent, while the company ' s financial structure continued to be optimized and interest income increased. In terms of costs, the company optimized the deposit structure, controlled interest costs, increased interest income, and in 2023 the group ' s financial cost was $5.66 billion net.
Net gains of $1.18 billion over the same year, 26.3 per cent over the same year, and corporate financial costs of 3.2 per cent lower by 2.1 per cent over the same year. Corporate management costs, sales and R & D rates increased by 0.9/6/0.3 per cent, respectively.
The cash dividend of RMB 0.23 (including taxes), which should be discovered at the end of 2023 in the amount of RMB 3.67 billion, plus 1) taking into account the Red Sea incident since the beginning of 2024, which has led to container deviations and an increase in the overall distance of transport, and taking into account the forecast of individual cargo volumes, we assume that the demand for container transport in 2024/25/26 (box* nautical miles) was + 9.2 per cent/+1.5 per cent/+2 per cent by the same year;
2) The speed of the ship will be affected by the timing of the delivery of the container ship order and the tightening of environmental policies, 3) the price of the ship will be affected by demand and supply, and the revenue from the company ' s container transport operations will be mainly related to the price, so, in combination, we appreciate the company ' s resilience as a leading shipping service provider in the industry, while emphasizing that effective transport capacity will increase at a lower rate than actual
Considering that the company is the lead service provider for container transport, we select each of the above shipping plates for a cut-off head company. Compared to 24 years of company pe, we believe that the company, as a head shipping enterprise, is sound and, as it does not, for no reason, will not receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.