Non-financial company stocktaking Report Performance in line with the regular energy integration platform of the Group of expected countries Investment rating: increase (maintain)
\triangleright Liu Xiaoning's quarterly return net profit is largely in line with our previous forecast of $2.4 billion, which is below market expectations.
During the first three quarters of the year, the company’s net profits increased substantially in comparison to the previous three quarters, mainly because of a one-time investment gain from the completion of the transfer of national electricity investment in the second quarter;
The net profit from the third quarter of a company alone fluctuates slightly, taking into account the size of the company’s assets and the fact that it is difficult to get direct reasons for the same decline in corporate performance from the third quarter alone. From industry trend analysis, we assume that the performance of a company in the third quarter falls on the same scale or is affected by a fall in electricity prices as a result of a market-based trade in new energy sources.
In terms of installed machinery, by the end of September 2024, the company held a stock-load of 1,080.6 million kWh, of which electricity, electricity and water, +24 and +3.7 million kWh. In terms of electricity, the company completed 12,6.7 billion kWh of online electricity in three quarters alone, an increase of 1.2 per cent compared to the same period, of which electricity, electricity, wind and light voltage were 964, 228, 42, and 3.4 billion kWh, respectively.
The increase in electricity is mainly a result of the growth of photovoltaics, which are similar to that of the same period last year. On the other hand, the company’s Internet connection cost 0.4105/kWh in three quarters alone, a slight drop of about 0.3/kWh/kw/h. It should be noted that the company’s electricity on fire in the third quarter of the year has improved in the face of weak national hydropower, and the ring has increased in relative terms.
Twenty-three percent, and four quarters of the electricity from fire still need to focus on water and climate. More importantly, we believe that four quarters of the electricity from fire is subject to uncertainty in the 2025 CDA negotiations.
By the end of 2023, the group had produced about 80 gw of unlisted electricity, 3gw of utilities, and 5gw of unlisted electricity and water.
We're counting that this year the company will be investing more than 4gw electric power and about 4gw electricity and water in 2025-2026. Profit predictions and ratings: in conjunction with the company’s operations in the first three quarters, we expect the company to return home in 2024-2026 with its own personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.