In the first three quarters of 2024, companies achieved $13.862 billion (2.79 per cent) in business and $9.91 billion in net profit.
The reason for this decline is the decline in the same price of electricity, which was transferred to the company in June of 2024 in the first three quarters of the year, and the lower income from the coal plate compared to the same period of the previous year.
Increased returns; second, higher returns on the investments of corporate affiliates. Lower net profits from non-repatriation are the same year.
New energy construction continues, and future projects are expected to drive growth in performance. In the third quarter of 2024, the company added a new energy loading capacity of 1538,000 kilowatts, including 90,000 kilowatts of wind power, a larger project being built by the company, and an adequate reserve of resources for new energy projects, which will be under construction in the future.
At present, the company’s ongoing hydroelectric projects in the area of the Grand River are mainly the two-river hydroelectric power station, the Kanagawa hydroelectric power station, and the sandal level hydroelectric power station.
Projects such as the second hydroelectric power station of the pillow dam and the second hydroelectric power station of Eagle Rock, which has a combined installed capacity of 3.94 million kilowatts, will lead to a further increase in the profitability of the company's hydroelectric plate in the future, which is expected to increase the company's hydropower plate performance once the project is launched.
National electricity (600795.sh) - Transfer of assets increases investment returns, 2402. National electricity (600795.sh)-q3 increases significantly in net profit from non-repatriation, with poor performance in terms of water availability; and changes in industrial policy.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved business income of $133,862 million (-2.79%) and net profit of $9,911 million (+63.41%), with deductions.
In June 2024, the company transferred, and the coal block revenue decreased over the same period of the previous year. The net return on the return on the return on investment in Mongolia Energy Ltd., a company transferring a controlled subsidiary, was invested in electricity construction; and on the other hand, the return on investment on the company’s joint venture.
In the case of the Kawakami power station, which is prepared for impairment of its assets, and the Da Henchuan power station, which is planned to prepare for impairment of its construction work, $842 million.
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in national electricity from mother to mother (in billions of yuan) Figure 4: Net profit from single-season national electricity from mother to mother (in billions)
Disaggregated power supply plates: 26.590 billion kWh (1.11 per cent) of the first three quarters of 2024, 47,028 million kWh (1,446 per cent) of the electricity grid, 14,130 million kWh of the wind grid, 96,413 million kWh of the electricity grid (1-05.7 per cent of the year, ring + 23.36 per cent) of the electricity grid, and the electricity supply of the electricity to the electricity grid.
One hundred and twenty-one thousand kilowatt hours (+5.44 per cent) and 3,368 million kilowatt hours (+78.62 per cent) of light-voltage on-line electricity have changed for the first three quarters of 2024 as a result of increased demand for electricity for the whole of society, an increase in the same ratio of hydropower to water, an increase in the number of new energy loaders, and the transfer of 50 per cent of the shares of Mongolia Energy Ltd. in national electricity construction.
The growth of electricity generation from electricity generation to electricity generation from the company has declined on a year-on-year basis and from hydropower and new energy sources has increased on a year-on-year basis. The decline in the Māori rate, the increase in the cost rate and the increase in the return on investment have resulted in higher net interest rates. Figure 5: Māori rates for national electricity and changes in net interest rates
Figure 6: Changes in the three cost ratios of electricity in the country rose by roe, with an increase in net operating cash flows. In the first three quarters of 2024, net interest rate hikes benefited from a public year-on-year decline; investment net cash outflows increased by $32,738 million, mainly in capital investments.
Figure 7: Cash flow of electricity in the country (millions of yuan) New energy construction is continuing, and future project delivery is expected to drive performance growth. In the first three quarters of 2024, companies added 3.251 million kilowatts of new energy installed capacity, of which 23.9 million kilowatts of wind power and 301.2 million kilowatts of light voltage;
In the third quarter of 2024, the company added a new energy capacity of 1538,000 kilowatts, of which wind power was 0.9 million kilowatts, and wind power was 953.23 million kilowatts, and photovoltaic 1161.14 million kilowatts.
The company’s performance is expected to increase, and the performance of the hydropower plates will increase further. Currently, the company’s hydroelectric projects in the Great River Basin are mainly the two-river hydroelectric station, the Golden River hydroelectric station, the sandy level hydroelectric station, and the pillow dam level II water.
In addition, the company has invested in the construction of the Ansejo Hill Pumping Power Station, a project with a capacity of 1.2 million kilowatts, which is expected to increase the company's capacity once the project is launched.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject