A sustained increase in profits and a marked recovery in electricity from fire in the main sector occurred: on the evening of 24 October 2024, the State electricity published a three-monthly report for 2024. q1-State electricity in 2024 (600795.sh)
Company operations: Fire and power loops have been restored, hydropower has dropped in the same year, and electricity prices have fallen slightly in the same quarter. In terms of electricity, the q3 electricity use has continued to increase, adding up to 329,695 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity generated since August, and the electricity generated by the grid has increased by +2.52 per cent.
In terms of electricity prices, which are influenced by the downside of the country’s multi-dial electricity prices, the company’s q3 electricity prices are very large > long-term growth space: the start-up of fire and electricity is starting to grow steadily, and the wind is expected to increase steadily.
With regard to electricity and electricity: in 2022-2023, the company's power and electricity projects started at 4.85 million kW and 6.6 million kW, respectively, and in 2023, the company's power and power units were kept steady for the last two years, and we expect the construction of the power and construction projects to begin.
The company plans to start a new energy project of 8.3 million centasuritiesco.,ltd
Wa, with 8.6 million kilowatts and 14-year plans for new energy development amounting to 35 million kilowatts.
In addition, the company announced that an additional 1.2 million kilowatts (kW) would be set in motion for the project to achieve an on-line electricity price of 0.3844/kWh (including taxes), that the cost of pumping water and electricity is expected to be implemented at 75 per cent of the base price for coal-fired electricity generation, and that the price of the project capacity is expected to be $565.9/kW (including taxes).
The Hawshan project is another year after the Eagle Rock Level 2 hydroelectric project in August, when the company’s hydropower plate was installed. The performance of the company’s hydropower plate is expected to improve further.
Profit forecasts and ratings: The state power industry, shareholder background, asset quality, development patterns \triangleright, etc. is leading in many sectors. 1) Industry position: the company as the five largest power generating group.
(b) Shareholder background: the company relies on the National Energy Group, where coal supply security is strong and fire panels, block cost end control capacity is prominent; and (c) asset quality: the company's lighter unit is more than 600,000 kilowatts.
The company has achieved coal-based power generation, with its multi-purpose business plates working in tandem with development patterns, and is robust and equipped with the potential to grow. We maintain the company ' s net return to the mother during the period 2024-2026.
Risk factors: project construction is not progressing as expected; electricity prices are below expectations; electricity market reform \triangleright \triangleright Dr., registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, China's Geological Mineral Economy
Member of the Committee of Experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Executive Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of China's Coal Industry Association, and for over 10 years of research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th and 5th national coal survey and development planning study, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice, and joined in June 2016.
From 2019 to the present, Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, Bachelor of Science in Finance, formerly Coal Institute of Securities Economics and Finance, formerly Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, formerly a second-tier business venturer of the Chinese Coal Industries Group
Minister, who has worked for many years in coal mine production, technical management of coal mine production, investment in coal mine projects, management of operations, etc., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the coal industry and upstream and downstream. Liu Hong Guang, PhD from Beijing University, Member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Institute's expert and assistant director led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry, and participated in the preparation of policy papers on oil and gas industry planning, construction of a new energy system, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in the country's ministries.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States, and Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant application research, joined the Sinda Securities Study in June 2022.
In July 2022, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where they studied coal and electricity.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental studies Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which studied coal and coal mining intelligence.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.