Shinjiyama evidence, national electricity (600795.sh) is performing as expected, and the fire is now warming.
\triangleright’s overall performance for the three quarters is in line with expectations, and the fall of water in August/September has affected hydropower; while electricity is still on fire to a certain extent, it has returned to a warmer trend in the three quarters.
Highest/minimum in year: In terms of electricity, 24q3 is affected by the erosion of water from the associated watersheds in August/September, with electricity and water consumption slightly below the pre-release a/total equity (billions):
One hundred thousand kilowatt-hours (kWh) + two hundred and fifty-two percent. Of these, 26,590 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) were connected to the grid, 1.1 percent per cent per year; 1.80 per cent per year, ring-time + 37.90 per cent; 4.163 million kilowatt-hours per kilowatt-hours (kWh) were connected to the wind; 5.44 per cent per year, ring-related prices were stable overall. 24q3 was connected to the grid at an average cost of 410.48 per cent per year for q3 companies.
24q3 light-voltage machines performed brightly. By the end of the third quarter of 24 years, the company had a total installed capacity of 10,0806.33 thousand kilowatts, representing an increase of 93.33 thousand kilowatts over the ring; of these, hydroelectric units remained unchanged, with a fire power of 71.96.9 million kilowatts and a wind power of 95,323 thousand kilowatts and a ring of 0.9 million kilowatts;
Hydropower and new energy sources have great potential for the future.
Power-related construction is on a larger scale. The new announcement of 420,000 kilowatts of hydroelectricity in the river basin at the end of the second quarter of 24 years is under construction. With regard to new energy sources, 84,447 kilowatts of new energy sources were acquired in the first half of 24 years to complete the nuclear process.
Given that the company is one of the largest electricity companies in the country, relying on the national energy complex, coal power is integrated in a synergistic manner, with greater profitability and resource integration; and there are more companies.
Flowers, which are expected to lead to increased fire and electricity profitability, rehabilitation of hydroelectric power generation, rapid power supply for new sources of energy, higher than expected price fluctuations for online electricity, less than expected construction of installed machines, risk of upstream fuel price fluctuations, macro \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.