The core of the industry is solid and structurally optimized for improved performance Analyst: Chiang Seok-joo's net return to the mother is $489 million, resulting in a reversal of the loss to gain profit, and a basic return of $0.35 per share.
Optimized structure, significantly reduced financial and administrative costs, and lost performance. In 2018, the company advanced the marketized debt conversion project, completed the introduction of a $5.4 billion increase in market investors, further enhanced resource allocation and significantly reduced interest-related expenditure on average borrowing, resulting in a reduction in interest-related expenditures.
Financial costs have been reduced by $1,299 million and administrative costs by $285 million. Total three costs have declined significantly, effectively increasing the efficiency of resource allocation and operating management.
The reversal of the losses, accompanied by a 5% increase in the exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi at the end of 2018 compared to the end of the previous year, has led to a significant increase in corporate exchange earnings. In the context of policies related to the reform of the ship industry, the trend is positive, and performance is expected to improve further.
The ship industry is leading the industry, and the core of the boxing market is solid. The company is working to create a new situation for civilian ships, seamen, and cruise ships, digging and cutting into the high-end segment of the market, actively expanding to “high, fine, sophisticated” ships.
The cumulative delivery of bulk carriers accounted for 11.3 per cent of the global fleet of high-visibility bulk ships; the cumulative delivery of 300,000 tons of large-scale oil tankers vlcc accounted for 8.3 per cent of the global fleet; and the formal signing of contracts for the construction of 135.5 million gross-ton cruise ships, which successfully led to the construction of large cruise ships.
China’s large-scale cruises are the first to be built. China’s branding is moving towards green intelligent production, leading the way in the “spirit” bulkboats, green green and green energy-efficient ships.
(a) Strength, optimization of the master ship fleet, development of a new four-type vessel to secure the market, steady movement of the marine industry, well-developed ship-type product chains and strong market position.
Figure 2: Corporate annual net return to the mother (millions of yuan)