The company ' s annual report for 2022 was released on 25 April, and during the reporting period, the company achieved operating income.
$73,8657.9 million, reflecting a decrease of 38.51 per cent in the same year; net profit of $51,75.2 million for the realization of the parent ' s share, which is for the development, sale and servicing of processors and ancillary chips, the main products and services including processors and ancillary chips
Products and basic hardware and hardware solutions.
Short-term performance pressure to maintain high R & D inputs. 1) In terms of operations, in 2022, there was full market cooperation with partners in the areas of industrial control chips, industrial controls and material networking, a range of products in e-government, energy, etc.
In the amount of $187.645 million, a decrease of 71.43 per cent over the same period; the solution achieved business income of 27.317,400 yuan in the fields of transport, finance, telecommunications, education, etc. The increase of 10.14 per cent over the same period.
In the future, however, there is a strong trend towards replacing national production, and with the subsidence of the district and the gradual decline of the industry, it is expected that the level of operations will return to normal. The rate of growth of the industrial chip and solution operations will remain steady, and the Department will focus on engineering and solutions in the future in order to improve the value and ecological advantages of the product.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: In the field, business is expected to maintain a steady growth rate. 2) The Māori rate has declined. On the one hand, the IT chip and solution-type Māori rate have declined, and on the other hand, the low Māori ratio has increased.
The overall Māori rate has fallen. Companies have a significant advantage in the field of industrial control, and Māori rates have always remained high. The area of trust and solutions is in the business expansion phase, and competition in this area is intense, and companies may have to maintain low Māori rates in the short term in order to improve their ecological advantages.
The increase in value for money and eco-efficiency is expected to compensate for the impact of the low Māori rate on net profits; 3) the company’s R&D costs remain rigid and its net profits are short-lived. The company is committed to the eco-building of its autonomous command architecture, and maintains a high level of R&D investment.
However, R & D inputs remain at a high level, with 22 years and 23q1 R & D inputs as a share of business income, respectively, 42.36 per cent and 80.86 per cent of total equity/currenta shares, respectively, being the main reasons for the net loss on corporate profits. However, the company is in the process of ecological construction.
The high investment in R & D is mainly aimed at building a solid foundation for future development. The business approach is actively adjusted to improve value for money and ecological advantages.
The impact of the downturn was to insist on the “two legs” of both policy and open markets, and to change the operator from “the platform is the platform, quality is the priority, depth is the expansion of the edge” to “the platform is the platform, quality is the priority, depth is the priority, focus is the breakthrough”.
The value-for-money and software ecology of the command set structure continues to improve basic hardware and software platforms, driven by policy markets; on the other hand, it actively accumulates marketed competitive advantages, moves into marketed areas through solutions, and concentrates on breaking through such solutions as storage servers, industry terminals, printers, bmc, hardware electronics, etc.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: short-term pressure on corporate income due to short-term contractions in the volume of computerized chips, but nationalization has been replaced by a trend towards a future associated with subsidence in the districts and industry.
Business is expected to resume. And the company has a clear edge in the field of industrial control and is committed to improving the value of sex and ecological advantages through solutions, and the business is expected to continue at a steady pace in the future. But considering that this year, we are in the middle of a letter, Research Assistant Jang Young-ja.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the boom in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports.
JANG Young-ja, Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the East Hing Securities in 2021.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.