CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
BYD (002594 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Expect high growth of NEV in 2H20E
Target Price
RMB113.09
(Previous TP
RMB112.12)
Up/Downside
+33.0%
BYD announced its 1H20 results. 1H20 top-line dropped by 3% YoY to
Current Price
RMB85.00
bottom-line recorded a YoY increase of 120%. We think 1H20 results were
China NEV Sector
excellent on stronger-than-expected auto segment performance and mask
business from BYDE. The Company guided bottom-line growth of 850%-1017%
Jack Bai
YoY in 3Q20E, implying the good momentum to sustain in 2H20. We revised up
FY20-22E EPS by 114%/53%/43% to reflect the strong earnings rebound. TP
is lifted slightly to RMB113.09. Maintain BUY.
Robin Xiao
■ 1H20 excellent results. In 1H20, revenue from auto and related products
decreased by 6% YoY to RMB32.0bn, whereas revenue from handset
components and assembly services remained flat at RMB23.3bn. GPM from
auto and related products increased by 0.7ppt to 23.93% while GPM from
Stock Data
HCAS business increased by 5.0ppt to 13.6%. Revenue from rechargeable
batteries and photovoltaic increased 8% YoY to RMB4.8bn, whereas revenue
from other businesses decreased by 39% YoY to RMB260mn.
Strong 2Q20 results were supported by BYD's mask business under
BYDE (285 HK). It can be partially confirmed as the GPM for HCAS increased
Source: Bloomberg
by 5ppt. In 1H20, operating cash inflow was RMB15.5bn with an OCF/Core
Shareholding Structure
profit ratio of 5.2. Advance receipt of good/service increased by RMB3.7bn
compared with the beginning of the year, partially reflecting strong order on
hand. One notable item was that BYD has a total of RMB658mn asset
impairment (AR /inventory/ Intangible asset, etc.). We believe BYD was
flashing out all historical burdens under the disguise of COVID-19, which will
Share Performance
provide a healthier balance sheet in the future.
Auto segment beat our expectations in 1H20. Given sales volume slashed
in 1H20, the auto segment achieved revenue of RMB32bn in 1H20 with a
Source: Bloomberg
decrease of only 6% YoY. Even though sales volume fell by 30.4% YoY in
1H20, the unit revenue increased by 36% YoY to RMB202K, and GPM from
12-mth Price Performance
auto sales also increased by 0.7ppt YoY to 23.9%. We believe it was mainly
driven by higher proportion (+2ppt YoY) of CV sales within the NEV segment
in 1H20, and that comes from strong NEV bus delivery with higher ASP both
in the domestic market and abroad.
Earnings Summary
Auditor: Ernst & Young
Related Report
"BYD (1211 HK) - Hidden giant in the
Auto sales to have further rebound in 2H20E. Led by strong sales from "Song Pro",
ICE sales grew by 13% YoY, while the magnitude of NEV decline narrowed to 9% YoY
in Jul. Looking ahead to 2H20E, supported by strong consumer demand for "Han", we
expect PV sales to have a significant rebound. Mgmt. disclosed Han had accumulated
order backlog of 300k, while BYD is ramping up capacity with bottleneck from blade
battery supply. BYD guided 4k/6k/8k shipment capability for Han EV in Aug/Sep/Oct
and thereafter. Furthermore, due to the gradual rise in the proportion of Han, we
expect that the ASP of NEPV for 2020E will increase by 18% YoY to RMB196K. Along
with the recovery of overall China's NEV market (both to B/to C business), we expect
BYD's NEPV sales volume to increase by 74% YoY in 2H20E.
BYDE to become a major supplier of Apple for iPad/iWatch. Benefited from the 1)
orders ramp up from its major customers (Apple/Xiaomi); 2) the increase in shipments
of high-margin smartphones and tablets; 3) the shipment of glass and ceramic
products, BYDE is entering into a high growth stage. The new smart products
(drone/electronic cigarettes) will bring incremental revenue.
Valuation is largely unchanged. Based on 1H20 operating updates, we revise BYD's
FY20-22E EPS up by 114%/53%/43% mainly on 1) more optimistic auto sales for
higher volume and ASP, 2) strong HCIS earnings growth in the near-term and 3) we
trim down cloud rail's contribution on more conservative assumption. We raise our
NEV segment valuation to reflect the strong NEV sales forecast supported by Han and
new PHEV products with DM4.0 in 2021E. In the meanwhile, we revised down our
situation in Brazil. CMBI TMT team (Alex Ng) has raised THE valuation forecast for
BYDE (285 HK) on 31 Aug 2020. We directly take CMBI valuation on BYDE to be
consistent. Based on the SOTP method, we derive BYD's overall value at
RMB363.0bn in 2021E. Our TP for BYD-A is lifted slightly to RMB113.09,
reflecting 79.0/70.6x FY20/21E PER. Reiterate BUY rating.
Focus chart
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Earnings Revision
Source: CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Figure 9: Revenue breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 10: P&L breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 11: Interim/Full-year P&L breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Note: *All numbers are based on A share financial statement
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.