Events: Silver-Thai Resource Bulletin, 6 April 2017, " Issue of share purchase asset and associated transaction report (draft) " (revision) " (hereinafter " reorganization report \triangleright " )
Silver and Thai resources (000975.sz), while responding to the in-depth Enquiry on Reorganization of Silver and Thai Resources Ltd. The core terms of the transaction have not changed.
The core terms of the transaction, the subject matter of the transaction, the price of the transaction, the manner in which the shares were issued to purchase the assets, the regularity of the chain in which the shares were subscribed to by the other party, and the way in which the profits were recovered, remained unchanged compared to the core terms of the transaction in the reorganization report. The increase in the profit commitment to $1,065 million.
On 31 December, an assessment of 100% of Shanghai’s equity was carried out for a base date. According to the most recent Mine Rights Assessment Report, the net profit sum for Middle Eastern and British gold mines was raised to 1,065 million yuan.
In response to the SEC inquiry, the company removed the distribution price adjustment mechanism agreed to in article III 3.4 of the Agreement on the Issuance of Equity Acquisitions, without changing the other provisions; at the same time it concluded a supplementary agreement to the Agreement on the Issuance of Share Purchases of Assets with the effect of conditionalities (ii). The supplementary agreement to the Agreement on the Issuance of Share Purchases of Assets (ii) is still to be submitted to the Shares Assembly.
According to the company's response to the letter of inquiry, the open-air mining will be increased to 24,750 tonnes/year (750 tonnes/day) and the size of the gold mining will be expanded to 495,000 tonnes/year (1,500 tonnes/day) and 450 tonnes/day per year, as disclosed in the far-over scenario. According to the assessment report on the rights of the gold mining industry of Black Rock Mining Development Limited, the remaining construction period for the gold mining company will be 2017, with a formal start in 2018 and a 2-year period of open-cut service.
During the construction period in 2017, 1240,000 tons of mines were built, 24,750 tons in 2018 and 2173 million tons in 2019. The return rate for mining based on open-air mining was 1.78 million tons.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
\triangleright, House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City of the West Side of Beijing, which includes the famous Euro-American periodicals, such as reviewouturturesmarkets, journalportfoliomanage, journalftraining.
This report has been prepared and published by the China CSRC. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.