The summary announcement proposes to grant 7.7 million stock options to the incentive audience, which will account for some of the company’s total equity incentives, to further define the new management interests.
Equity incentives, comprising 345 people, including the new Chairman of this year's Board of Directors, and the company's director, Luzhingbo, have wide coverage and are conducive to binding the company's new management with the company's core interests, sharing the results, further mobilizing the motivation from management to staff, enhancing core team cohesion, and pushing.
The firm’s performance test requires a year-on-year increase that fully reflects the firm’s long-term development confidence, with a net profit growth rate compared to the 2020 draft stock options plan.
Equity incentives continue to boost industry confidence. As the competition for white wine converges towards the head, to the name, and the best, equity incentives can fully motivate management and staff and promote corporate governance.
Capacity. Since the beginning of the year, a number of liquor companies have continued to fall into the land equity incentive policy, companies are reviewing the trend towards the introduction of equity incentive schemes, there is still room for raising the stock options offered by this plan compared to the current stock prices, and the location of the equity incentive announcements has helped to boost market confidence in the industry.
▪ The product structure continues to be optimized, and there is still room for expansion outside the province.
In addition, the extra-provincial direction remains an important expansion, and the company's role in some of the institutions has been enhanced by the announcement in June this year of a separate branding department.
"The End of the World" (603369): "Successful opening, one step of optimization and adjustment, marketing by changing the name of the Ministry of Markets to the Department of Brand Management, and sales by changing the name to sales.
The Ministry of Management, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, has been renamed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to further improve overall functionality and operational effectiveness, to accelerate the expansion of the Department during the 1455s, and to establish a clear long-term path for the company, with clear planning and steady progress towards the 10 billion-dollar target.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s 2022-2024 revenue as a stock incentive programme to further land and bind the new management interests. On 31 July 2022, the company issued a note of change on the documents relating to the equity incentive scheme in 2020 to award 7.7 million shares to the incentive audience.
In terms of incentives, the stock incentives included 345 people, including the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of the current year, Gu Xiangqiao, the Director of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and its wider coverage, which facilitated the binding of the company’s new senior and middle-level managers, core technicians and the company’s core interests, the sharing of business results, and further mobilization from management to management.
Employee motivation, increased core team cohesion, and long-term corporate growth. Figure 2: 75 splits in August 2022 for each target group of the Corporate Equity Incentives Scheme; 2) In terms of profits, the net profit growth rate required for offsetting non-recurring gains and losses is no less than that.
Response companies develop confidence over the long term, with a specific set of net profit growth rates compared to the draft equity options plan for 2020, with a profile that highlights corporate confidence in planning. Figure 3: Progress in corporate equity incentives in April 2020
The results of the annual performance appraisal of individuals in relation to the level of authority are set as follows:
On the basis of operating income in 2017, the growth rate of operating income was not less than 26 per cent in 2018; the net asset return in 2018 was not less than 19 per cent, and none of the above indicators were below the average industry-related standard coefficient 1; the rating was good and the standard factor was 1; the rating was met with a 50-segregation value of the enterprise at the level or against the target, with the main battalion ' s income as a proportion of operating income in 2018 being no less than 95 per cent.
Corresponding Standard Factor 0.8; Unqualified Evaluation Level, Corresponding Standard Factor 0. Incentive individual actual release of sales limit calculation method for the year, if performance at the corporate level is met for each year, actual amount of authority of the individual for the year = standard factor x amount of authority of the individual planned for the year
II. Restricted stock registration date and quantity III, restricted sales period and unlocking criteria IV. Charges and charges of companies for future years (millions of United States dollars)
(a) Standards for company and individual appraisals The relationship between the results of an individual's annual performance appraisal and the level of authority is set as follows:
The reference factor is 1; the rating is good, the standard factor is 1; the rating is satisfactory, the standard factor is not less than 95 per cent of the operating income from the main business in the year. 0.8; the rating is not satisfactory, the standard factor is 0.
Incentive individual actual release of sales limit calculation for the year, if performance at the company level is evaluated for each year, actual individual rights in the year = standard factor x individual rights planned for the year II, restricted stock registration date and quantity
iii. Standard for sales limits and locking down;iv. Equity incentives to boost industry confidence by raising the cost of companies in the coming years (millions of dollars).
Incentives can fully mobilize the subjective dynamics of management and stimulate the dynamism of staff, enhance corporate governance capabilities, and promote a large community of interests that will drive companies to achieve stable development in the medium to long term. In 2021, more than a dozen alcohol companies continued to develop.
The product structure continues to be optimized, the extra-provincial expansion remains open, and the 14th Five-Year Plan is progressing steadily. The company’s product structure continues to improve.
With the v series price stability and the return of good stocks, the company will continue to use the national v series as a strategic system, and will continue to promote V as the most important growth pole in the company ' s future, through the creation of high-end awards, a new v9 experience, and the formation of the v99 coalition; and the re-introduction of the country, which will lead to a substantial increase in volume prices.
After his new assignment, the company issued an announcement in June this year to implement a sub-branded enterprise system that further optimizes and adjusts some of the institutional functions, changing the name of the Ministry of Markets to the Department of Brand Management, the Ministry of Marketing to the Department of Marketing Management, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to the Ministry of Overseas Industries, further improving overall functionality and efficiency, accelerating the expansion of the Department of Foreign Affairs and the President of the Company during the 1455s.
The epidemic affects marginal expectations, out-of-country expansion, consumption recovery, and the three major financial projections of the present world.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board