Incentives for the present world are positive, demonstrating confidence in high-quality development.
The options range from 0.614% of the company ' s total equity share to 56.24 yuan per share. The number of incentives is not more than 345, with 338 middle-level backbones. The company ' s long-term incentives continue to improve, the company ' s equity incentives continue to advance, and the goal of testing is to demonstrate confidence in high-quality development.
The current stock options incentive scheme is being announced. The equity incentive scheme has not been implemented properly because the companies affected by the epidemic have had to adjust their base periods.
Incentives were adjusted from 360 to 345, of which two were added to senior management (Chairman Gu Xiangqiao and Director Lu Zhengbo), from five to seven, with a total of 15.8 per cent.
Revenue targets are positive, and revenue growth is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year. In Jiangsu province, the epidemic has affected the economy, and market consumption has gradually recovered in early May, with a generally high stock of white liquor terminals and company repayments.
In June, the company launched the 100-day Congress campaign, and it made every effort to collect the money. According to Liquor News, the company's line leaders were personally present, taking the Congress as a whole, and striving to achieve 80% of the target for the first three quarters of the year.
The cost scenario is gradually recovering, and the company’s market is becoming more expensive, and we judge that the end-markets will continue to be better. The company’s core, single items, was raised on June 25th at a price of $10/bottles, and the terminal implemented a trade-off policy, and the value chain is now stable.
Given that in Jiangsu province the epidemic was more affected in the first half of the year, it is expected that companies will increase their marketing inputs and increase their incomes in the second half of the year, if the test is successfully completed. The company’s product lines are clear, prices are better, and equity incentives are helping to boost sales.
Given the impact of the epidemic, market prices on 1 August 2022 have been used as the standard.
The epidemic has led to a lack of consumption scenes, a failure to optimize continuously.
Food beverages: white wineii