When's the breakout in the province?
Prices determine their status, and provincial vs are aggressive, and can they win the market “pricing power”? The company's 2022 strategy \triangleright revives the “grows” and differs from the “nationality” brand of “the present” in order to cut larger “cakes”.
By sub-product, 22H1Ta and above are growing rapidly, with a total of $3.041 billion in the TP + group, and Wang Xihai has taken the initiative in (1)22h1 to regulate v as market stock and price order to stabilize the price chain.
Intra-deep farming and extra-diplomatic expansion are still in urgent need of a breakthrough. We have seen the company’s outreach to the provinces since the beginning of the year.
1. The first quarter of 2022 (603369.sh) reported an expansion of the Ministry ' s structure and staffing, as well as an improvement in the product structure that focuses on large client and small regional model markets, and a continuation of rapid growth in the provinces - 2022/0
By region, the 22h1 company achieved $4.317 billion in revenues, and, by comparison, the wholesale agent earned $4.572 billion, or +21.07 per cent, and the direct sales (including group purchases) resulted in the collection of data points: “open door red” was successfully achieved and the structure was expected to be stable.
The share of products in the company ' s special category and above has continued to rise, \triangleright.
4. " Performance evaluation for the world economy" (603369) Report: "Ta+" ratio has risen steadily, and structural upgrades have contributed to performance 5. "The three-quarter review for the world economy" (603369)
Mainly, companies increase their terminal cost inputs, carry out promotional activities and advertise their sales, with sales rates of the same magnitude: a steady increase in the ta+ class ratio, and a year-long growth target \triangleright
\triangleright, etc., has led to less-than-expected marketing of the dominant products; 3) the epidemic has spread impact consumption scenes at multiple points; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective production of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.