In the second half of 2022, the current year's report was published: $4.646 billion in 2022h1 camp, with the same increase.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn performed slightly more than expected and profitability continued to increase by 3 pct) which is a net product-driven product mix, especially above a category of products.
The most rapid growth rate for the Ta category, the Nanjing regional power engine by product, 2022H1Ta+/Tea/a/b/c/d/its Nanjing/Susnan region/Susumi region/Saline city region/Hiaohai region/outside province
(603369) Event evaluation report: Motivation, new challenges for the new chapter (603369) Event evaluation report: performance instrument
The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic is driving consumption, growth is not as high as expected, v 3, and the Chinese Stock Exchange Report* is not growing as expected, and the extra-provincial expansion is not as high as expected.
(603369) Event evaluation report: State of origin, renewal of activity, renewable release time* 2020416* presentation by Food and Beverage Group
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.