A core supplier of high-end energy equipment, six power companies that benefit from energy transformation, and a global core of energy equipment, science, technology and innovation lead the energy transition. The company is the Eastern Electric Group core listed platform, with a corporate power supply, Liu Xiaoning.
Since the 1960s, the company has been working in the electricity and water industry, with its technological and innovative corporate genes, and has gradually developed a six-power mix of “water, fire, nuclear, wind, light, and gas.” Over the last 10 years, the company has been gradually developing a low-carbon transformation of its energy structure and the construction of new power systems.
Liu Xiaoning's loads continue to grow, with a high proportion of new energy-catalyzing peaks being protected. At the power-system level, the stability, characterization and flexibility value of the company's various power sources are all the more pronounced. There are fluctuations and uncertainties in the energy contribution, and the impact of a high proportion of new energy on the power system is largely evident.
At the peak of the load, the capacity of new energy sources is insufficient and, as the load continues to grow, the demand for conventional power-based back-up capacity in the electricity system continues to rise as the peak power supply continues to grow; 2) at the peak of the power generation of new energy sources, the discrepancy between the need for other power sources to reduce their capacity or to be absorbed by storage facilities; 3) at the height of the grid system, there is a deficiency in inertia and a deterioration in grid stability.
Price mechanisms such as electricity prices, electricity markets, etc., will provide a reasonable price for gas, extraction, the flexible value of coal, the time value of energy for storage and hydrogen, and the stability of nuclear power. Fire power, hydropower, nuclear power reliability, and flexibility values highlight that, in terms of gas power, single-cycle gas turbines can have a capacity of 100%, combined.
In the case of coal power, the minimum power level of coal power is further reduced from the traditional 60 per cent to 30 per cent, and the “tri-change” will lead to a market transformation of the coal unit; in the case of hydropower, the development and release of hydropower has been slow, but the two systems have improved the mechanism for generating the benefits of pumping water, and, in addition to focusing on opportunities for the development of stand-alone pumping stations, the existing power plant plus pumps have been converted to a mix.
There is also an increasing number of projects for pumping power plants. Clean energy transformation is a long way away, and companies have a vast space for wind power: wind power, which grew by 20.7% in 2023, and wind farm upgrades, which opened up a market for “new and small generations,” while far-reaching pre-work and project bids are on the way.
With regard to hydrogen, the company’s focus on fuel cells and vehicle products in the field of transport, the policy has been strengthened, and is expected to accelerate expansion. Profit forecasting and rating: under the double carbon target, energy transformation provides vast development space for upstream technologically advantageous equipment enterprises.
Under the two-carbon goal, energy transformation offers vast development space for equipment enterprises with technological advantages upstream. We anticipate the expansion of new and emerging areas like hydrogen, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In the company’s inventory, the value of coal as a source of bottom security has become more evident, with 23 years of new loads stopping to fall back and 24/25 recovering; gas, hydropower and extraction paying attention to its flexibilities; and nuclear power as a base charge of energy, which approvals for maintaining peaks have proved their stability value.
Wind power follows the transformation of clean energy and sustains the growth trend. As wind voltage rises in power systems, conflicts will grow, new contradictions create new demand, new opportunities, corporate incremental energy, hydrogen energy will grow as technological progress and policy support.
The company has pre-positioned itself and is expected to build new business growth poles with rapid growth in the industry. Social power loads are not growing as expected; the risk of increased competition for renewable energy equipment; and the size of the emerging growing industry.
The company is the central listed platform of the Eastern Electric Group of China, with almost all of its core assets, and over 60 years of technological deposits, the deployment of diversified power generation equipment, and the provision of more than one third of our power supply. In the early years, with the approval of the Ministry of Mechanical Industry, the Eastern Electric Power Plant, the Eastern Wheeler Plant, the Eastern Boiler Plant and the East Wind Power Plant were in Chengdu.
Co-constituted as the Eastern Electric Power Station Equipment Package and officially renamed the “East Electric Group Company of China” in 1992, and since then, the company has acquired assets such as the Eastern boiler, the Eastern Wheeler, the Eastern Heavy Vehicle, Eastern Finance, Eastern International, Eastern Self-Control etc. under the banner of the major shareholder, which became the central listed platform of the Eastern Electrical Group. As of the first quarter of 2024, the Eastern Electric Group was the Eastern Electric Group.
The company ' s first major shareholder, with 55.66 per cent shareholding, actually controlled by the State Finance Committee of the State Council, successfully developed the first set of 200mw thermal power generation equipment into the field of fire power in 1974 after entering the hydroelectric sector in the early years, and subsequently developed a variety of core power supply equipment, such as gas turbines, steam generators, wind units, etc.
At advanced levels; in 2010, fuel cell research and development was launched into hydrogen energy. Thus, the company developed a diversified layout of hydropower, fire, electricity, gas, nuclear, wind, solar, hydrogen energy. On the market, the company provided more than one-third of our power source equipment, with products and services spread across nearly 80 countries and regions around the world, with comparable global energy equipment.
Strong competitiveness and influence. Corporate revenue falls in 2017, as the global clean energy transition accelerates, energy equipments after the impact of the low-carbon energy transition, the construction of a “six-power mix” of industry development patterns, the slowdown in profit-making capacity, and so on.
In 2017, the Ministry of Renewable Energy was formed, and the wind and power industries were developed with a sustained increase in market ownership, and efforts were made to open up the extraction market.) In 2018, the company acquired the assets of the Eastern Electric Group and gradually formed high-end petrochemical equipment, energy conservation and environmental protection, engineering and international trade, modern manufacturing services, electrical power electronics and control, etc.
In 2022 and 2023, the company was divided into renewable energy equipment (wind power, hydropower, etc.), clean and efficient energy equipment (fired). In the past, the company used to concentrate on fire power, and with the company's energy-consortium transition strategy, on the one hand, energy equipment.
In 2023, 20,590 million yuan, or 34%, was collected from clean and efficient energy and 13,84 billion yuan from renewable energy.
In terms of profitability, the Māori rate in modern manufacturing services remains high, clean and efficient energy equipment is in second place; the power source type shows that nuclear power has higher barriers and higher Māori rates.
Figure 1: Companies 2010-2023 (millions of yuan) 2. High proportion of new energy sources add to the traditional power supply profile of peak supply issues
By the end of December 2023, the country had accumulated about 2.92 billion kilowatts of installed power generation, of which about 610 million kilowatts of solar power were installed, an increase of 55.2 per cent over the same period; and about 440 million kilowatts, an increase of 20.7 per cent over the same period.
The share of solar and wind power in total installed capacity is 36%. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA) study, when more than 40% of new energy is generated, the impact of new energy on electricity supply will be the most important problem facing the power system.
Maintenance problems: The new energy power curve determines that its effective capacity is much lower than conventional power, and the peak gap requires that the power system have sufficient backup capacity. Wind power, photovoltaic power, as compared to conventional gas, coal, nuclear power, etc., has wave activity and uncertainty, and is not matched with load characteristics. As the share rises, electricity supply is not available during the small-scale start-up of new energy sources.
The tension between the difficulty of filling a foot and a boom will occur repeatedly. In particular, during peak load periods, the guaranteed capacity of new energy sources is far away from peak load gaps, and the peaks of electricity use in the country usually occur during late summer peaks, when the peaks of electricity and wind are barely served by peak power, with a low guaranteed capacity factor. However, the maximum loads in the summers of 2022 and 2023 are the highest in terms of peak loads.
With an increase of 8.23 per cent and 3.84 per cent, respectively, the country’s electricity load has remained at a high rate of increase, and in this trend, if the actual availability rate is to be maintained at a stable level, sufficient spare capacity must be provided by conventional gas, coal, hydropower, nuclear power, etc. The guaranteed value of capacity support from traditional power sources will therefore be further highlighted from the point of view of energy security.
For example, the introduction of two electricity prices, which, on the one hand, differentiates between the energy and capacity values of the power source varieties, and, on the other hand, accelerates the shift of coal power to capacity support and power. Overseas experience suggests that even if loads remain relatively stable, they must leave sufficient leverage for the system.
For example, according to data published by the German Federal Network Office, by the end of 2023, Germany had a high share of 59.8 per cent of new energy installed and 42.6 per cent of photovoltaic and wind power generated, although Germany ' s power load was relatively stable, the volatility of new energy sources continued to have an impact on power use at the peak. Thus, on the one hand, Germany relied on power support from neighbouring countries, with nine neighbouring countries.
On the other hand, Germany will retain a certain conventional power capacity, which, according to the German Development Plan for the 2035 grid, is projected to reach about 75 per cent of the capacity of German wind, photovoltaic and other conventional units such as gas and hydropower by 2035.
Figure 9: New Energy Energizing Capabilities Maps for Safeguards and Apocalypse, China Source Securities Study, Discharge problem: from the point of view of the elimination of new energy power peaks, the need to tap fully into sources other than new energy sources
Flexibility resources. At present, gas power is a high-frequency, high-reliability, large-scale, high-scalable, high-scalable, high-scaling power-upplacing power, the main option that has not yet come to power-upplacing power systems; through flexibility adaptation, the minimum emission level of coal power has been further reduced from the traditional 60% to 30%; and, in addition, it provides a high-scaling flexibility resource through storage capacity such as pumping water, hydrogen, etc., and is the current power system.
System stability problems: In addition, a high proportion of new energy sources will significantly affect the stability of the power system, and demand for equipment such as modulating cameras is expected to increase steadily. Compared to conventional power-forming rotation machine interfaces, wind power, photovoltaics, etc., are mainly connected to the grid through electrical electronic interfaces such as transformers, resulting in a reduction in the turnover of the power system and an impact on the stability of the power system.
Inertity levels are maintained, for example, through transformer stations on the side of the grid and new power plants on the side of the power supply plus modulating cameras. 3. Change stock, make a good increment, and high-end energy equipment supports the reliability and flexibility of new power systems.
Under the new power system, the capacity-support value of coal, gas and hydropower in the company ' s traditional operations will continue to be highlighted, and the market mechanism, represented by the price of two units of electricity, is reshaping its value positioning in the power system, with reliability and flexibility features that will ensure its further development; nuclear power, as a base charge energy source, has been approved to maintain a steady peak.
Qualitative value; wind and power transition to clean energy, sustaining the growth trend. In emerging growth operations, storage and hydrogen energy are expected to grow rapidly as industry progresses.
Since our two-carbon strategy was launched in 2020, the volume of new energy installed has increased, and the share of clean energy in electricity has continued to rise as a consensus in the industry. But there have been two significant changes in the construction prospects for coal power: (i) at the time of the two-carbon strategy: the market is generally of the opinion that coal power was available at a time when the wind had levelled prices and had the potential for further substantial reductions.
There are no advantages in electricity prices and carbon emissions, which will be rapidly phased out; (2) since 2021 there have been power restrictions in some parts of the country, and in 2021 there were some who thought that coal supply was the cause of this problem, but in 2022 there were large-scale power restrictions in Kawasaka, Jiang Zing, etc., which completely exposed the weakness of the instability of the new power supply, so that we built a massive power plant in 2022.
At the moment of 2024, most of the coal power that began work in 2022 and 2023 will be in production by 2026. The subsequent development of coal power has been lost and divided, mainly due to two core concerns: (1) the use of hours
Declines in numbers: As new sources of energy are put into production on a large scale, the downward trend in the number of hours of coal power use is more certain, as used in the past in markets to measure the demand for coal electricity construction; (2) Carbon peak target: coal power, as the largest consumer of carbon emissions, will be reduced by the most important amount of emissions, and coal power will be damaged as a result.
We first conclude that: (1) the use of hour-to-hour targets is no longer valid, the standby rate will be the core indicator, and the use of small hours of decline does not mean that there is an excess of coal power; (2) the continued production of more than 50 gw of coal power per year after 27 years is required to ensure that the power shortage does not worsen. (3) The carbon peak in the electricity sector is not equivalent to a peak in the capacity of coal generators, and the core indicator is coal power.
A systematic analysis of these three findings will be carried out here. 3.1.1 Sufficiency and economics are the two core indicators of coal power planning
The country has experienced major developments in coal power during the twelve-five-year period, with a net increase of 54.2 million kilowatts in the year 2015, but in March 2003 the National Development and Reconstruction Commission and the Energy Agency issued a circular on the promotion of the orderly development of coal electricity in the country (energy transfer (2016) 565), proposing the establishment of an early warning mechanism for the risks of coal electricity planning and construction. In the same year, they issued an early warning of the risks of coal power planning in 2019.
According to this early warning mechanism, which was not updated until the last edition in 2020, three main indicators determine the risk of coal power construction: (1) adequacy indicators: a major assessment of the availability of systems in the provinces, i.e., whether the current size of the installed aircraft during the peak period is guaranteed
Electricity security, if the backup rate is too high, means that the peak load is abundant and there is no need to build more coal power. Different types of power sources have different power levels, so that coal, gas, nuclear power, etc. can ensure sufficient power output during the peak period, while wind, solar energy, is difficult to guarantee because of natural conditions.
The supply of photovoltaic and wind power is very limited for the summer peak, which is the most demanding period of the year. Thus, adequacy indicators are determined mainly by two variables: maximum power loads and non-new energy loads.
(ii) Economic indicators: The expected return on investment in coal power projects is calculated mainly on the basis of the demand for electricity in the provinces and the size of the installed machinery, and the return rate is less than the medium- and long-term interest rate on the national debt in the current period is a red warning.
(3) Resource binding indicators: mainly related to atmospheric pollution emissions in the provinces, water resources, coal consumption, etc. 3.1.2 Two-hour pre-carbon use, coupled with both abundance and economic carbon, started after the general use of more coal electricity in the past to measure whether coal power construction was ahead or behind schedule, at the core of which was the profit of the past
Hours are a direct reflection of economic indicators. This approach is not a big problem until the double carbon target is set. In the past, coal electricity prices were almost constant and coal prices were uncertain.
In this case, economic and abundance indicators actually overlap. Thus, the use of coal power is on a declining trend, with a significant increase in new energy loads and a significant increase in new energy generation, so the market believes that coal power will slow down, and that coal heat back from 2022 will only be new energy loads.
But, after a two-carbon strategy, the construction needs for coal power use hours as a single indicator have lapsed. The reason is that: (1) new energy sources do not meet peak power demand, and new energy sources are unstable to power coal.
Increased volatility and reduced correlation between the number of hours of coal power use and the system backup ratio; (2) coal power has been changed from a single to a two-stage electricity price, and the share of capacity will increase further, and the correlation between the number of hours of coal power use and the economic indicators will be reduced. 3.1.3 Standby rates will be used as a core indicator of coal power planning to halt the construction of coal power will exacerbate the power shortage.
In order to determine the subsequent demand for coal power, it is important to return to the bottom line of the coal power warning mechanism. Of the three indicators, the system backup rate is an important measure of whether the power load at the peak is sufficient to meet the demand. Because of the different power reliabilitys, we need to distinguish them by a guaranteed capacity factor, and then define the system backup = considered.
There are clear targets for standby rates in the early warning mechanism for coal power construction, generally with a reasonable standby rate of 13-15%. However, the actual calculation of the backup rates is more complex and requires consideration of inter-provincial transmission capacity, grid structure, partial power supply blockage.
The system backup rate that we calculate with a national load measure will differ considerably from the reasonable backup rate, but the trend can be considered meaningful. As a result, the actual system backup rate for the 2010-2030e calendar year is as follows (assuming the maximum load increase in 2024).
One hundred million kilowatts, with an average annual composite growth rate of 5 per cent thereafter, and a peak of 1,345 million kilowatts in 2026, make it possible to conclude that: (1) our system backup rate continued to grow and to be high in 2013-2016, when there was an excess supply of coal, followed by a reform of the coal supply side, and the system backup rate began to decline year by year.
(2) There was a sharper decline in 2022 compared to 2021, which coincides with the electricity shortage in that year. (3) In 2024-2026, with the large-scale commissioning of the approved coal power plant starting in 2022, the system backup rate began to rise but did not return significantly.
(4) If coal power cuts start in 2027, the system backup rate will accelerate the decline. One is that the country ' s maximum power load base in 2023 is 1.34 billion kilowatts, although the rate of subsequent growth may slow, but the absolute value is still significant; the other is that hydropower, nuclear power, and gas in reliable power sources are subject to each other.
The increase is limited and it is difficult to match the increase in the load of more than 60 million kilowatts per year. 3.1.4 Coal power loads do not affect the carbon peak target 27 years later, and we calculate the 2030 target with different maximum load composite growth rates and average annual coal load growth rates.
With regard to another carbon peaking concern for the expected capacity of coal electric power, we are clear: for the electricity sector, the core carbon peak indicator is coal power generation, not installed, and coal power can be reduced by reducing the number of hours it uses, low power generation, technology can be modified with flexibility, economic countries can market electricity and capacity prices.
The company’s deep-seated, high-market power generation has benefited from triple-change connections. In 1974, the company successfully developed the first 10,000 kilowatt-class supercritical power unit, with a 1 million kilowatt-class empty cooler unit, large-scale cycling bed boilers, and so on, leading the industry.
Figure 13: Air turbine production by major domestic producers, 2017-2022 (gw) Figure 14: boiler production by major domestic producers, 2017-2022 (gw) 3.2 Gas electricity: low-carbon power sources with rapid lift capacity
Natural gas power generation is one of the important ways to address new energy peaks in the current and medium-to-long term. Single-cycle gas turbines can have a capacity of 100% and combined-cycle machines can have a capacity of 70-100%.
From an environmental point of view, the environmental effects of gas and electricity are significant in thermal power generation. With the introduction of new low-nitrogen burners and denitrification, nox emission levels can be stabilized at less than 15 mg/m3, and individual advanced gas power plants in the country have reached 10 milligrams of company combustion technology with a clear market advantage. In 2022, the company developed its first national production.
For the second year in a row, Eastern electricity and gas occupied more than 40 per cent of the market in 2018 in six branded projects.
In 2019 - 2022, while keeping the market at level F, the company maintained its leading role.
As a result of the growing demand for flexible resources in the construction of new power systems, policy support is accelerating the development of pumping capacity as the most economical power source. According to the Planning for the Medium- and Long-term Emission of Pumping Energy (2021-2035), our target is to produce 62gw by 2025 and invest in 2030.
In addition, in 2021, in order to demonstrate the value of the capacity of the pumping storage power plant, the National Development and Reform Commission issued an opinion on a step-by-step mechanism for improving the pricing of pumping capacity, which identifies two “cost-plus-revenue” pricing mechanisms for pumping the pumping power plant, guaranteeing a reasonable rate of return on the project.
Millions of kw, at the end of December 2023, our capacity reached 422 million kw. According to our 14th Five-Year Renewable Energy Development Plan, the construction of large hydroelectric bases is to be carried out in a scientific and orderly manner. Data show that since the 14th Five-Year Plan, the installation of hydroelectric units has been slowing down. However, the demand for flexible resources in the electricity system is becoming more pressing, and the electricity market for auxiliary services is becoming increasingly demanding.
When pricing mechanisms are improved, existing hydroelectric plants may be converted to hybrid pumping plants with pumps, thereby increasing overall efficiency. Since 2022, hybrid pumping has been growing rapidly, with five mixed pumping stations approved, quantity and installed capacity are newly high, and four mixed pumping power stations are in progress.
According to the National Energy Agency's Medium- and Long-Term Development Programme (2021-2035), the total capacity of pumping capacity to produce water doubled by 2025 to a level of “135”
More than 62 million kilowatts; by 2030, the total capacity to pump water doubled to 120 million kilowatts over the 14th century. In terms of actual approvals, as of June 2023, with the approval of three pumping storage stations in Guangdong Tsinda, Shanxipo County and Jiangsu-Lian-Yung, the total capacity to pump water during the 14th century was in excess of 100 million kilowatts.
According to the China Energy Bulletin, in 2022, 48 new power pumping stations were approved nationwide, with an authorized total capacity of 68.9 million kwan. The annual approvals exceeded the total size of the previous 50 years. In 2023, 219 items, totalling 270 million kW, were reported to the National Energy Agency by the provinces, and most of the pre-projects for the project are in the pre-research and research phase.
The company’s water turbines are well-developed, benefiting directly from the upgrade of the collectors, and overseas markets will continue to contribute to hydropower revenues. The first super-high-water-dwelling long-drawn water-drawn conservator unit in the mid-year’s mid-point country, and the first super-high-dwelling, large-diameter long-drawn long-drawn mountain, has been developed.
As regards the market, there was a positive development of conventional hydropower projects such as Lao Dong Sahon and pumping power projects such as Rock An and Hami.
The value of nuclear power-based charge energy is highlighted, and approvals for entry into fast lanes are higher than in the past. The average use of nuclear power is maintained at more than 7,000 hours per year, stable and of the highest quality. However, there is still a gap between the share of nuclear power generation in developed countries, such as Europe and the United States, where nuclear power is available. From the point of view of energy security, countries maintain a build-up of nuclear power.
In our 14th Plan, we have clearly proposed the active and orderly development of three generations of nuclear power on the coast; the 14th Plan for a Modern Energy System, published in 2022, once again referred to the active and safe and orderly development of nuclear power, requiring nuclear power to have a capacity of about 70 million kilowatts by 2025, an increase of 25.8 per cent from the 556.3 million kilowatts at the end of 2022.
In real terms, the pace of nuclear power approvals increased significantly after 2018, with four, four, and five nationally approved in 2019-2021. In both 2022 and 2023, the highest number since 2008. According to China ' s Annual Development and Prospects for Nuclear Energy (2020), it was shipped in 2035.
The total capacity of the nuclear power plant under construction would amount to 200 million kilowatts. Based on the 1.2 million kilowatt installed capacity per nuclear power unit, it is expected that the approved unit will be maintained at around 10 units per year for the period 2024-2035.
The company has the capability to develop, design and manufacture equipment products for nuclear power generation units of 1 million to 1.75 million kilowatts. It has the capacity to deliver a package of bulk-quantified nuclear power station master equipment and conventional island engine units. The product covers the second generation plus, the third generation (epr, p10000), the autonomous third generation (“Wallon I, Nation I”), and the fourth generation of nuclear power (sodium).
In 2018, the company’s nuclear island market reached 65.9%, and the conventional island 44.9%. Given the high threshold for nuclear power equipment, the market’s share is relatively stable.
3.5 There is a long way to go before a clean energy transition, with the company ' s wind and power operations in a wide space with a high rate of growth in renewable energy installed under the two-carbon target. In 2023, our wind/light added 75.9gw/216.88gw, with a cumulative build-up rate of 20.77% and 5.5.24%. Under the two-carbon target, wind power is expected to continue to grow.
Domestic wind engine technology leads the world, and the trend towards wind engine megacity is clear. In 2020, our land/sea wind engine was installed with an average single capacity of about 2.6mw/4.9mw. In 2023, 10mw land wind system was put into operation, 15mw sea wind power was connected to the grid, and 18mw offshore wind unit was officially deactivated.
Wind power upgrade and decommissioning policies were issued, opening up the market for “new and small generations”. In June 2023, the National Energy Agency officially issued the Wind Field Upgrading and Decommissioning Management Scheme, which encourages wind farm upgrades that operate online for more than 15 years or have a single unit capacity of less than 1.5 megawatts.
(b) By 2025, more than 1,800 will be installed, with a capacity of 1.25 million kW; by 2030, more than 34,000 will be installed.
In 2023, the project for the open sea in Guangdong opened up space. Jiangsu, Guangxi, Shandong, Liaoning, Shanghai, etc.
On the technical side, the company has autonomously developed and developed the country’s first 10 megawatts of offshore wind power units, which have been successfully installed and successfully connected to the grid to generate electricity, pushing China’s wind single-power capacity into the “double-digit era.”
In Asia, the 13mw wind power unit, which has the largest single-power capacity and the largest flaring diameter, was successfully delineated. Market access rose from 3% in 2018 to 10% in 2019, with global performance exceeding 10,000 wind power units.
3.6 New storage and hydrogen energy are closely linked to the development of electricity systems. In terms of power system flexibility resources, companies ' traditional power supply equipment (gas, hydropower/discharge, coal) can provide sufficient upscaling capacity, while the company ' s emerging business blocks actively develop new storage and hydrogen, etc., as part of the daytime environment.
In terms of storage, compressed air storage is a unique advantage and a legitimate development. From the point of view of technology, compressed air is considered to be compressed.
The storage capacity is more friendly to the grid than the current popular electrochemical storage, because both the electrical storage and the new energy power generation are connected to the grid through electrical and electronic devices, which can lead to low levels of inertia, low resistance, low voltage support, etc. But, in addition to having long-term storage properties, the mechanical rotation properties of the compressed air storage can also be better matched with the properties of the power system.
In addition to compressors, companies can provide the heat storage systems, heat exchange systems, and flat-inflators needed for compressed air storage. The company’s technology has successfully migrated to compressed air storage power, and equipment manufacturing and project construction have made a breakthrough in 2022.
In addition, in November 2022, the company built the world's first demonstration project for “CO2+Flyer” storage capacity, while it provided the world's first non-fired 60mw compressed air storage power plant (the Golden Ribbon Project) for a flat-level generator.
Aerobic permeable generators and their accessories, and the Eastern Wheeler, provide the world’s first largest capacity and optimal performance of non-fired compressed air permeability equipment. As markets increase their investment in compressed air storage, companies, as suppliers of core equipment, will benefit from the expansion of industry.
Hydrogen energy as a clean and efficient secondary energy source, with a wide range of applications, is expected to accelerate development. Currently, hydrogen energy development is largely limited to the cost of the industrial chain, so the policy objective is primarily to guide hydrogen storage to the use of various links in transport applications.
Our development objectives for the 14th Five-Year Period are about 50,000 fuel-cell vehicles, deployment of a group of hydrogen-added stations, and 100,000 to 200,000 tonnes of renewables per year. Moreover, lower upstream hydrogen production costs are also conducive to large-scale downstream increases and lower green electricity prices, as the electrolytic system for extracting green hydrogen, such as photovoltaics, wind power, etc., continue to increase economically.
In the context of the trend towards carbon market expansion and improved pricing mechanisms, the time nodes for green hydrogen parity, alternative sources of hydrogen in stocks, and the company’s full-scale layout of the whole industry chain of hydrogen energy, moving faster in the downstream fuel-cell vehicle area. The company’s business layout, which involves various components such as hydrogen extraction, hydrogen storage, hydrogen infusion, and hydrogen applications, provides a comprehensive solution with hydrogen at its core.
In the case of hydrogen fuel cells, autonomous intellectual property rights to the fuel cell membrane electrodes, high power density reactors and test equipment have been developed, complete autonomous intellectual property rights to the fuel cell product system have been constructed, with a cumulative total of 13 million km of 100 hydrogen-fuel buses on board the eastern electric fuel cell motor as of March 2022. Average hydrogen consumption per 100 km is lower.
3.4kg, the indicators are advanced in industry. There is a capacity to develop hydrogen fuel engine designs adapted to high altitude, mountainous areas, and large temperature differentials.
Application costs have declined, and we expect the company's hydrogen energy business to grow into an important revenue-earning pillar as the industry breaks out. 4. Profit forecasting and valuation Renewable energy: the clean energy transformation process continues to deepen, as old wind machines are replaced with far-reaching sea wind power development.
The company's wind and power operations are expected to rise even further. Two electricity prices open up the storage market space. 2024-2026 Wind power clean and efficient power generation: under the new power system, the problem of insufficient effective capacity as new power installed increases, poses a major challenge for peak loads, and the stability value of conventional power sources as a top power source with a high degree of reliability will be negative.
This increase is even more pronounced in the case of a charge increase. The price-fixing tension has triggered the recovery of the coal power plant; a high proportion of new energy sources have led to a more severe adjustment; peak conditions, combustion operations and coal power flexibility adaptation operations have grown steadily; the rate of approval of nuclear power benefits has accelerated and projects have started, multiplied by the selection of Xu relays, which are the same as the electric power plant, and the triple energy of the power source, gold wind technology, which is comparable to the public.
The Division evaluates the average perpene of 24 to 26 years compared to 17 times, 14 times and 12 times the average, taking into account the company’s growing growth in new and emerging areas such as storage energy, hydrogen energy, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Social power loads are growing less than expected.
The risk of increased competition for renewable energy equipment. Wind power, as the company’s new business pillar, is a corporate shift.
Emerging growth industries have not expanded as expected. Industries such as compressed air storage, hydrogen, etc. are still in the early stages of development and have not yet entered the market, and companies’ new business can support profits if the pace of industrial expansion is lower than expected.
Table 6: Eastern Electric balance sheet points (millions of dollars) accurately reflect my personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers.