In the first half of the year 2020, the growth in revenue was recorded, with the mobile phone business rising by US$ 127.60 billion, or 31.57 per cent over the same period. The increase in revenue and profits was largely due to a sharp increase in revenue.
During the reporting period, companies were able to move forward in an orderly and effective manner with the resumption of work during the period of outbreak control, increasing and stabilizing African markets, while companies continued to increase their efforts to open new markets and promote brand names, with revenues from new market sales rising in proportion to the same rate.
▪ Increase in R&D inputs, with a significant increase in strategic readiness. In the first half of 2020, the combined Māori rate for companies was 26.88%, compared to 2.28 ptt. Sales, management, R&D costs increased on a year-to-year basis, including sales fees, post-sale premium premiums, sales personnel pay increases, management costs increased by 1.72% over the same year; and R&D costs increased by 1.72% over the same year.
On the other hand, net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $458 million, a decrease of 15,436 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in the value of vendors paid in the current period, mainly due to: 1) companies making advance payments in response to the impact of the epidemic and purchasing strategic supplies for critical components; 2) satisfaction
In the future, companies will drive innovation through core technology, diversification of business development, and complementarity between “smart terminals” and “mobile interconnections” to expand markets.
(ii) Digital accessories, household appliances: as the industry grows steadily, the company will actively implement it.
Multi-brand development strategy, co-development of online and offline operations; 3) Mobile Internet operations: as global Internet penetration increases steadily, companies will build up 1, Audio Holdings (688036) through a strategy of sea travel with Internet companies:
Market prospects are wide, and new business growth can lead to profitability predictions and investment ratings: as the emerging market upgrades its smarts, it becomes more powerful.
With the prospect of a significant expansion of the Department's mobile phone business, a further increase in corporate brand influence, an expansion in the size of new business such as digital products and household electricity, and a sustained high increase in profitability, we have raised the company's performance.