Newtime security
q2 Reverse growth, the rise of technology and new poles - the sound-controls report that the company's performance is not infested by the epidemic, and the net gains are on the rise.
It is strongly recommended (higher rating) that net gains be increased in both ways, and that profitability be further enhanced: company H1 achieves revenues of 13.8 billion yuan, or 32 per cent, and net gains of 940 million yuan, or 36 per cent. q2 returns, or $8.2 billion.
46 per cent increase, 45 per cent increase in ring, q2 net gain not attributable to mother ' s share, 48 per cent increase in ring ' s share, and $460 million increase in net cash flows from company h1 operations, which is close to $4.5 billion increase in cash payments for commodities and 106 per cent increase in the corresponding stock over late 19 years, behind which the company increased the chip, etc.
Core devices are prepared to respond to the instability at the end of the future chip supply, and to increase the overall stock to meet the high quality of the industry ' s 20h1 mobile phone industry in the face of two major negative factors: the epidemic and the slowdown in global sales of smart machines over the same period.
Lowest/highest dollar per year: 12.26 billion yuan in mobile business, an increase of nearly 32 per cent over the previous year, benefiting from the relatively small impact of the epidemic in Africa and, more importantly, from firm ownership of emerging cities such as Africa and South Asia.
In addition, the growth of cellular and mobile connections around the oss and mobile connections has increased rapidly, increasing corporate revenue. Looking at h2, given the adequacy of company stocks, especially core equipment, and the global slowdown in the epidemic, the firm's mobile phone business has grown with certainty and convergence.
The core advantage of technology brands is a unique grasp of emerging market demand: companies are ranked first in Africa's cities.
The plant, “Mobile phone + self-research os + mobile app + home appliances” is in its initial form. The beta factor behind it is the strong penetration demand in developed electronic manufacturing ecosystems and emerging markets in China, and the alpha factor is the firm’s deep-seated and effective marketing model of consumer demand in Africa.
This alpha factor has enabled companies to retake the first-ever position in Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Bangladesh. The two-tier cycle, both within and outside the country, opens up a vast space for emerging markets: a company based on advanced electronic manufacturing in the country, with its own advantages for emerging markets, is expected to be in Africa and South Asia.
The success stories, transplanted to other areas along the same income range, fully benefited from a two-cycle strategy, both within and outside the country, to become a new logo for technology branding.
Enlarged Smart Terminal brand 2020-07-15