Bank of Henging (601166.sh) Optimized asset and liability structure with excellent rate of growth and positive rate of net profit growth from negative to negative rate of growth, provision for pressure mitigation to boost performance release in 2020, company camp
At one latitude, the net interest gap was wide and the asset-liability structure continued to optimize in 2020, with net corporate interest income of $14,351.5 billion, an increase of 17.36 per cent over the previous year; net interest difference of 2.36 per cent, an increase of 11bp over the same period.
1.11 percentage points: the share of individual loans in housing and commercial housing decreased by 1.42 percentage points in the same year, while the share of individual loans in business increased by 2.3 percentage points in the same year.
Rewind the interest rate on the savings, add up the company ' s low market interest rate window, increase long-term bond issuance and the absorption of medium- and long-term co-financing, and significantly reduce the end-of-debt costs. In 2020, companies recorded rapid growth in intermediate business income, excellent investment and wealth management performance, non-interest.
The net income was 59,622 million yuan, an increase of 10.2 per cent over the same period. Although credit card instalments have been re-classified to reduce the contribution of the silver and card operations to the median income, the company’s median business income has been growing rapidly. In 2020, the net revenue from company fees and commissions was $37.710 billion, an increase of 24.14 per cent over the same period.
For example, investment and financial market transaction-related fees and commission revenues (including investments, ficc, treasury, trust, funds, etc.) increased by $21,143 million, or 33.85 per cent.
Gains/losses, fair value changes, gains/losses on exchange gains/losses of $20.70 billion as a whole are lower than in the same year
It is clear that the asset and liability structure is optimized, the share of individual loans is increased, high-cost deposits are down, duration and goods are optimized, the cost of liabilities is better off; middle-level operations are of excellent quality, investment and financial market endowments are visible, wealth management operations perform well; asset quality is improved and risk offset capacity is enhanced.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.