The rate of growth in the first quarter of the booming bank has slowed but earnings have remained stable. Corporate credit in the first quarter has been positive, deposit growth has slowed down, asset quality has improved steadily, books have been poor and provisions have been made for coverage.
They're both at a better historical level, with improved pressure on potential asset quality. We're looking at the company's “1234” light capital, with higher fees and higher performance by roe.
A slight slowdown compared to 2020, but double-digit growth is expected to remain relatively flat in the listed banks. Discounting shows a sharp increase in fees in the first quarter of the year, which was low during the same period last year, if the fees related to investment banks and wealth banks were to increase faster, by the end of the quarter.
The share of revenue was 20.1 per cent, an increase of 3.5 percentage points from the end of last year. The Bank of Employing in the first quarter increased its readiness by 0.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, supporting a 13.7 per cent increase in net profits and a significant recovery in net profits, leading to an increase of 68bp to 68bp to 68bp to 68% on a year-on-year basis.
An asset-end structure is optimized, and a quarter of the increase in deposits is under pressure. 1 quarter of active bank lending, the annual credit structure is largely stable, with individual loans increasing by 1.11 percentage points to the same year.
The company takes advantage of the relatively high interest rates to increase the investment of credit assets, while at the same time crushing high-cost deposits, catching low-interest window periods and increasing long-term active liabilities, making the end of the debt more costly than the end of the asset. Looking forward to 2021, monetary policy has gradually returned to normal and liquidity-side.
There is a need for sustained attention to the effectiveness of corporate cost control at the end of the debt. Poor performance has fallen to a low of nearly five years, and the provision coverage has continued to improve.
Industrial banks have a negative annual rate of 0.82 per cent for the first quarter of the year, a marked downside from last quarter of the year, and a very low level of compliance.
A 28.7 to 247.5 per cent increase in the coverage ratio and 18 bp to 2.92 per cent increase in the loan coverage ratio, the level of which has similarly risen to a high level in recent years and has further increased risk resilience.
We maintain the company's projection of $3.50/3.82 for 2021/202, corresponding to the rate of net profit growth.
As a result of the downside of the economy, the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations and regulatory controls exceeded expectations.
In the first quarter of 2021, the net profit was equal to +13.7 per cent in 2020 (+1.2 per cent). Business income was higher than +10.8 per cent in 2020 (+12.0 per cent), fees were higher, roe showed a rebound 10.8 per cent increase in the first quarter of the boom bank, a slight slowdown over 2020, but double-digit growth is expected to occur in the listed banks.
Quicker levels. Disbursing banks shows a sharp increase in revenue from fees in the first quarter of the year, up 34.2 per cent from the same low base in the same period last year, further up from 2020 (24.1 per cent), mainly by faster increases in fees related to investment banks and wealth banks, 20.1 per cent at the end of the quarter and 3.5 percentage points higher than at the end of last year.
According to the 2020 report, the ratio of bank charges to bank charges in the booming industry was as follows: consultancy fees, bank card charges and agent revenue, with the share of consulting and agent income rising by 4.95, 2.13 percentage points to 31.5 per cent and 11.7 per cent, respectively, reflecting good developments in the banking sector in terms of investment and financial management.
A decline of 5.3 percentage points has been recorded. In addition, the company’s investment returns have fallen by 35.4 per cent over the year. As the epidemic has improved, the company has been able to reduce its preparedness by 0.3 per cent in the first quarter of the year, supporting a 13.7 per cent increase in its net profits and a significant recovery in net profits, leading to an increase of 68bp to 17.6 per cent (annualization) in the company’s Roe over the same period.
The asset end-of-term structure was optimized, the increase in deposits in the first quarter was sustained by a positive increase of 5 per cent in bank credit in the booming quarter, and the share of total assets increased by 1.8 per cent to 50.8 per cent at the end of the 20-year period. The credit structure remained generally stable in 2020, with individual loans increasing by 1.11 percentage points to 43.2 per cent in the same year, and liabilities increased by 1.11 percentage points to 43.2 per cent.
As a result of the continued optimization of the negative capital structure, banks experienced a $2.36 per cent increase in net bank interest rates in 2020, up 11bp. Companies seized relatively high interest rates to increase credit asset investment while at the same time depressing the year, monetary policy gradually returned to normal and liquidity was tightened, requiring constant attention to the effectiveness of corporate cost management at the end of the debt.
At the end of the first quarter, the rate of bad loans dropped by 10 bp to 1.27 per cent, the rate of bad loans was at its lowest level in almost five years, and asset quality continued to improve.
The rate of production was 0.82 per cent, a marked drop from the previous quarter, and the absolute level was lower. The bank default was even more stringent, with loans exceeding 90 days in 2020 accounting for 65.7 per cent of total loans, a decrease of 13 percentage points from the 19-year period. The bank provision coverage at the end of the quarter slowed down the growth of the bank in the first quarter, but earnings remained stable.
The economy’s downside leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Under the 2020 epidemic, supervision guided banks to make a profit for the real economy, and it is expected that the 2021 economic development policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation or the supermarket for profit policy is expected, it will affect the bank’s profitability performance.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)