The balance sheet is more robust by keeping the balance sheet refined;
Four quarters of the pre-repreparation period saw a significant increase in profits, a rapid increase in revenue to the top of the industry, an increase in risk offset capacity, and an increase in profits to the top of the pre-receiving and pre-repreparation lines in 2020 by the Episode Bank.
We believe that the company’s growth performance is positive because the company’s size expands at the same time as the balance sheet structure continues to be adjusted; the firm’s growth in surging fees is robust. The company’s net profit is 1.15% higher than in the previous three quarters (-55.3%).
This represents an increase of 6.68 percentage points, the creation of an investment bank + an investment ring with a ratio of public-to-public fpa over-exceeded net revenue from the Employing Bank, which increased by 24.14 per cent over the year, and is expected to increase at a slightly higher rate than the equity bank.
In terms of revenue from fees, the same increase in fees is mainly due to consultants and agents, which is 47% and 51%, respectively. We believe that the strong growth in revenues is beyond the firm’s capacity to generate rapid growth in the size of clients and asset management through investment in the biosphere and investment in its construction.
Millions of dollars, and the ratio of off-the-shelf and non-traditional to public finance has risen to 51.8 per cent. The advantage of the end-of-debt cost ratio is highlighted by the fact that the year-round interest differential has increased by 11bp to 2.36 per cent compared to 2019.
30bp) is greater than the return on assets (15bp). We believe that the excellent performance of the end-of-the-end cost of corporate liabilities is due to: (1) “settlement banks” that drive the sinking of low-cost settlement deposits and the downfall of the current annual market interest rate.
The end-cost advantage is likely to be weaker than it was in 2020, and companies are expected to intensify the expansion of low-cost settlement deposits and optimize the duration structure to ease upward pressure on the end-of-debt cost ratio.
The four-quarter bad rate of the Bank of Episode, 22bp down sharply from the three-quarter period, with absolute levels in listed banks, also known as the Bank of Episode: short-performing, low-yielding, low-capital, low-asset business strategy, laying the groundwork for further improvements in the quality of the assets on the table.
We maintain the company's projection of $3.50/3.82 in 2021/202, corresponding to the net profit growth rate.
The economy’s downside leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than anticipated, and regulatory controls that are more than expected. Four quarters of pre-rearing profits have increased significantly, with revenues from the main business growing at the same rate as those from the same industry as the pre-receiving and pre-repreparation banks in 2020.
We believe that the company’s performance is positive because: (1) the growth in the size of the company has been accompanied by constant adjustment of its assets and liabilities; the end-of-season loan ratio has risen further to 50.24%; and (2) the firm is doing a strong off-the-shelf strategy to drive a rapid increase in fees and fees. The company’s 4-quarter provision has been reduced from 3-quarters and is expected to be driven by macroeconomic recovery and improved asset quality pressures.
In this context, the net profit on corporate homecoming increased by 1.15 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a significant increase of 6.68 percentage points over the previous three quarters (-55.3 per cent). Development of the Investing + Investment Eco-Cooper, with an over-form of public-to-public fpa ratio.
Still beautiful, with 24.14% of the year-on-year growth, the rate of revenue from fees is expected to be higher than the level of equity holdings. In terms of details, the increase in fees is mainly due to consultants and agents, with 47% 51% more than in comparison. We believe that the strong increase in revenue is from the firm's performance, with clients extending from endf (financial institution end) to end g (government end), end b (business end), end c (zero)
On this basis, the firm ' s balance of public financing (fpa) increased by 12.47% to 6.06 trillion yuan from the end of 2019.
The financing scale rose to 51.8 per cent of total retail customer management assets (aum) of 2.6 trillion yuan by the end of 2020, an increase of 22.87 per cent over the previous year ' s end. In 2020, in the context of regulatory guidance to the economy of the enabling entity, the growth bank increased its annual interest margin by 11 bp to 2.36 per cent from 2019. Of this, the end-of-the-life cost ratio (30bp) was higher than the return on assets (15bp).
At the end of the year, there was a slight decline of 0.2 to 57.9%, but the “settlement bank” strategy has sunk low-cost settlement deposits and the share of current deposits has diminished, and companies are expected to intensify the expansion of low-cost settlement deposits and optimize the time frame to ease the upward pressure on debt-end cost ratios.
The 4-quarter negative rate of banks dropped significantly from 3-quarter 22bp, down from 29-bp-1.25 per cent at the beginning of the year, down to the lowest level in almost five years, with absolute levels at relatively low levels in listed banks; the company ' s 4-quarter-end-of-season interest group loans accounted for 30-bp to 1.37 per cent at the end of the 2-quarter comparison. We believe that the asset quality indicators for 2020 are good for us as a result of the company ' s increasing clean-up and disposal of potential adverse risks.
Concern is expressed that, by the end of the four seasons, retail lending was between 5bp and 1.04%, but remained at a lower level and that the overall risk was manageable. The firm’s negative perception was more stringent, with loans over 90 days overdue at the end of the four seasons at 66% and 20 percentage points below the end of the two seasons. Looking forward, the Hewlett Bank will adhere to the “1234” strategy of “banks plus investors” and coordinate development on the inside and outside of the table, using a more meta-based approach.
Clients provide a wealth of non-credit-type financial services, with a stronger focus on light capital, light assets, and efficient business strategies, laying the groundwork for further improvements in the quality of their assets. Companies spend between 37bp and 2.74% less on loan at the end of the fourth quarter than on the third quarter, with banks increasing their coverage by 7.14 percentage points to 218.8% against the background of an increase in stock disposal.
In 2020, the bank’s pre-harvest and pre-arrangement profits were at the top of the equity line, with better asset quality indicators and better risk offsets. Companies insisted on a more robust balance sheet; they made strong efforts to build an investment bank + an investment eco-circle, fee-earnings, and a more diversified income structure.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
In the event of an outbreak in 2020, the regulations guided banks to give way to the real economy, which is expected to continue in 2021, but if interest rate regulation or the market supermarket of concessions were to be expected, it would affect the bank’s profitability performance.