• Events: The Bank published its annual report, which achieved business income of $20,337 million in 2020, and a 32.4 per cent increase in net profit for mothers in the fourth quarter, which slowed down the rate of impairment loss in the fourth quarter.
The same year-on-year increase of 32.4 per cent in the single-season period of net profit returns a positive annual increase in net profit. Increased liability management, resulting in a rebound in net interest differentials. Net interest spreads of 2.36 per cent over the reporting period, an increase of 11 bp over the same period, particularly in the context of industry-wide interest differentials.
The increase is mainly the result of the management of the asset portfolio and the liability structure. 1) Adjustment of the liability period structure through a selection of options, resulting in a faster cost reduction in the liability items, such as bonds, peer liabilities, and interest-bearing liabilities throughout the year, total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Cost falls by 30 bp, which is greater than the reduction in the return on assets, leading to a recovery in interest differentials. 2) Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) negative double drops, with asset quality indicators generally improving.
For the first time in almost five years, the negative balance has been double-drawn and the provision for coverage has returned to 200%.
A few years have eased the burden, and in the future, it may be possible to make up for counter-feeding profits. In the face of the impact of interest rate marketization, the net interest charge revolves around the “breaths plus comptoirs” strategy, building light capital banks, green banks.
It has been structured around the “Boards + comptoirs” strategy, and it has become a top-down, top-heaviness, which has led to a steady increase in the revenue from the on-the-table assets and fees associated with off-the-shelf operations. At the same time, in green finance, banks have taken a step ahead, receiving a rating of esg for the second year in a row.
As the “carbon peak, carbon neutrality” strategy moves forward, it is believed that the booming banks can seize more of the relevant opportunities, and that green finance may become a new performance growth point. Performance forecasts and investment proposals: the booming banks adhere to the “investment plus comptoir” strategy, and assets.
At the same time, assets are of good quality, with strong non-interest growth, and the point of performance has come to pass.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Employing banks: interest-rate deficit upwards, asset-quality indicators generally improving
Bank of Enghing: The interest gap is going up, the asset quality index is moving up to the perfect level.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.