q1 short-term pressure on the performance of the media (002027), deducting a net profit of $5.414 billion (yoy+48.48%) from the mother.
Two hundred and thirty-nine billion yuan (yoy-18.19 per cent); net profit to mothers of 929 million yuan (yoy-321.12 per cent); loss of effective control of the epidemic and the recovery of the macroeconomic reheating advertising industry, with 21 years of growth in cinema media. With 21 years of effective control of the epidemic, the macroeconomic situation has stabilized and consumption has increased.
There has been a gradual recovery in confidence, with a year-on-year recovery in the advertising industry as a whole. Ctr reports show that domestic advertising costs have increased by 11.2% over the same year, with elevators, icds, elevator posters, and cinemas showing a sharp increase in media.
It is excellent, of which the building media generated 13.618 billion yuan (yoy+17.64%), the cinema media lost its impact in 21 years, the cinema recovered completely, and 1,173 million yuan (yoy+145.08%) was recovered year-round.
The reason for this is that the cost of leasing cinemas has risen markedly over the 21-year period since the closure of cinemas during the 20-year period of the epidemic. The remaining costs have declined steadily over the 21-year period under cost management, which has continued to be effective over the past few years.
The value of the investment is recognized, price increases, location expansion are opened, media resources are large, coverage is wide, and the share of daily consumer goods in the building media is increasing again. The company has built the largest urban life media platform in the country, covering as far as the end of the first quarter of the 22nd year.
There are 825 thousand elevator TVs (oy+16.86%) and elevator poster media.
18.84 million (yoy+81%) and 1927 (yoy-3.65%) cinemas under contract have become -aaa - third-quarterly press reports (002027.sz) close to the core media platforms of consumer life.
Expanding efforts to further optimize the density and client structure of the company’s media resources to provide better service to clients, and continuously expanding the leading position of the corporate media in life circles. Among these, new consumer goods have a significant advantage and the proportion has increased again, with the daily consumer income of the building’s media increasing.
3.67 pct to 39.12%. Since the month, the demand for advertising markets has weakened as a result of local epidemics and the epidemic has also made public summer clear.
The regular publication of advertisements in some of the Department ' s cities has been limited, resulting in a decline in the performance of the company in the current period over the same period of the previous year, with the building media receiving 2,655 million yuan (youy-18.15 per cent), cinema media resources and rich product lines, which are expected to recover in the long term.
Risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks, risk of recurring epidemics, risk of policy regulation, risk of new and emerging media, risk of diversion of advertising owner budgets, risk of uncertainty of demand in advertising markets.