The press (002027.sz) published in 2021 and the press in the first quarter of 2022.
In the first quarter of 2022, companies achieved business income of 2,939 million yuan (compared to 18.19 per cent).
Media network. The company's current main business is the development and operation of the media in the life circle. The main product is the building media, with a net return of $919 million to the mother (same as 32.12 per cent).
(including elevator television and elevator poster media, cinema screen advertising and terminal sales media, etc.)
In 2021, the share of corporate consumer advertising owners increased further, and cinema media businesses recovered, entertainment and consumption scenes were consolidated. In 2021, the company achieved a revenue of 148.36 billion yuan (compared to 22.64 per cent).
For the media network in the world of life, 13.618 billion yuan (+17.64 per cent of the same year) has been collected, driven by a 2021 return to the housing scene, and 5805 million yuan, or an increase of 3.67 pcts to 39.12 per cent, has been generated in the public year by daily consumer advertising.
To be a solid driver of growth in corporate ladders. For the future, the current consumer goods advertiser is mainly responsible for debt and cross-share presentations: for traditional fast-dismantling brands, new consumer brands are still under-represented, taking into account the growth rate of new consumer brands.
Strong, with the recovery of macroeconomics, the share of new consumer brand advertisers is expected to reach $100 million (year-on-year +8.32 per cent). Media resources cost $3.34 billion: as a result of the closure of cinemas in 2020, there were no cinema rental costs, but the return of ticket houses in 2021 led to cinema operations.
Total equity/flowa share (millions) Rental costs increased significantly by 221.53 per cent over the year; compared to the cost of corporate media rental in 2021 Communicationb/h share (millions)
In addition, since March of this year, the epidemic has repeatedly affected the normal functioning of the company's staircases, with the expectation that the company's elevators will be leased by early 2020, and that the number of media developers will be reduced.
The reimbursement has resulted in relatively rigid management rates, but corporate control rates have worked better overall: in 2021, company sales rates, management rates and R&D rates remained largely stable at 17.92 per cent, 3.39 per cent, short-term performance in the event of an outbreak, without prejudice to corporate ladder leadership. In 2022, q1, affected by local epidemics,
The impact of price increases in large products, the lower willingness of advertisers to invest, and the restrictions on the regular distribution of advertising in some of the companies’ cities led to a double drop in revenue and profits during the season. Of these, 2,655 million yuan was collected by the building coal system, a decline of 18.15 per cent in the same year, and 282 million yuan by the cinema media, a decline of 16.85 per cent in the same year.
In 2022, the epidemic repeatedly put pressure on business, and the total number of company locations is expected to remain stable, but the structure has been adjusted to the core cities, smart screens. Profit predictions and ratings: We believe that while the current business of the company is more affected by the epidemic, the public
The Division remains firmly at the top of its high-value core, and the core investment value as a career leader remains the same, and we are firmly committed to the company. With the impact of the epidemic on the company’s performance, we lower profit forecasts, and are expected to be the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The public media (002027.sz) reported in 2021 and in the first quarter of 2022: the share of income in the consumer sector rose, many initiatives were taken to reduce costs, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is the online, short video, long video, live broadcast, music and audio books, and that the United States Corps is at the core of tracking the development of the Internet in the service of life.
It covers such life service routes as catering, tourist accommodation, and automobile services. It covers such areas as troupe, tracking business progress and competitors, covering the network community, short videos, long videos, digital reading, etc. The United States Mission is central to tracking the development of the Internet for life services, covering such services as catering and tourist accommodation.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the press (002027.sz) published an annual report in 2021 and an evaluation in the first quarter of 2022: the consumer sector ' s revenue ratio rose, more initiatives were made to reduce costs, and there was no guarantee that the information and recommendations contained would not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.