China's East China Air (600115) Transport, three quarters of performance is under pressure, and the aircraft is bringing strength to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Incidents: China’s East China Airlines published the 2022 Quarterly Report. The company collected $16.5 billion, or 7.3%, in the third quarter; realized a net profit on maternity – $9.38 billion and a net profit on non-mortality – $9.5 billion. The company’s first three seasons saw a significant increase in international warming and passenger traffic. In response to the gradual increase in the number of international flights by the State Council and the Civil Aviation Authority.
Since July, it has gradually resumed international routes such as Hangzhou-Manila, Hangzhou-Kuala Lumpur, Qingshima-Osaka, Qingshima-Seoul Incheon, and Kunming-Colombo, and has increased the number of passenger flights per week to 42 classes, following the official opening of the winter and spring season on 30 October.
In July-September, the international route for the East voyages rpk was 137.5, 184.6 million kilometres, 210.6 million kilometres and ask 246,7, 313.1 and 321.3 million kilometres, all of which saw a significant recovery.
More than $15 billion was raised, of which $10.5 billion would be used to introduce 38 aircraft projects and $4.5 billion would be used to supplement liquidity. On 1 July, the Easter Airline purchased a total of 100 aircraft of the Airfleet a320neo series.
In the context of this change, the East China Air Plan is to raise additional funds to strengthen the fleet, improve the financial structure, and revive aviation demand – in Shanghai, where the regional advantage is evident. The East China Air Base, located in Shanghai, has a strong economic and trade link with Asia and the Pacific and Europe and is an important interface between the "one-way" and "the Yangtze economic zone".
Sea Rainbow Bridge and Pudong Airport have the largest market share, and the dominant position of the main area is clear. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we look forward to the development of the civil aviation industry and the growth of the international airline market demand.
1. China’s East China Airlines (600115): The epidemic has increased by 0.65 yuan, and based on the company’s main business, South Air and China National Airlines have been selected as comparable companies, with larger than companies, with a loss of 15.1 billion yuan in core profits on the withholding of remittances.
In 2023, 30 times the pe, considering the advantages of the two main bases in Shanghai, at the most popular commercial level (2022-03-31) 2. China East (600115): excellent quality of aviation products
Many times. Given the advantages of the two main bases in Shanghai, the largest share of the most popular commercial line, the Kyouta Line, is granted 20%. No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.