Core strengths and potential of companies: The market for suquoises has a wide space, and the steady development of national boundaries has laid the foundation for growth in the production of high-value products, e.g. v., and is expected to upgrade the system, cut larger cakes in a competitive environment. Companies have a comparative advantage, and products are still in the upwards stages of development, with spreads and tubes.
With incentives, the branding industry operates in a sophisticated fashion, with the potential for growth. Brand positioning varies, and channels continue to rise upwards. 1) Brand ends: companies own three sets of national, present-day, and high ravine, each covering different consumption scenarios. 2) Product ends: product systems are perfect, with full coverage.
Price belts. National v is a high-end location, and the differentiated product layout "v9 for image, v3 for sales, v6 for additions" has been completed; the mainstream consumer price belt for large card openings has been rapidly released; and large consumer products such as lightly, and treasures have been growing well. 3) Channel ends: Executive Business Group buys continued, and “1+1+n” was advanced in 19 years.
In-depth marketing model reform, with manufacturer-led, division of labour, upgrading channels to flatten and fine-tune management.22 In the year of Wang Xinhai, the “Three One Divisions” branding department was reformed to further upgrade branding and market specialization.
The company’s share of cities and cities in the province is still expected to increase. Jiangsu’s economy continues to generate a net inflow of people, and the provincial economy has a solid base of alcohol and public consumption for domestic business, 2021 White Wine.
The research assistant Hu Hye-jung, whose size is about 56 billion yuan, is the second largest in the country, with an average increase of 8.3 per cent in gdp in the last 10 years.
There's a potential for breakthrough under a positive layout. Prices ranged from a significant advantage in high-end wines to a still high-end wine that is still in the process of being imported; high-line sub-high-end growth space, with Ocean River Dream 6+ and the present world's edge v3 as the main valorized product; low-line sub-high-ends are the main price belts in the province, and the world's edges are growing core opinion leaders through group purchasing advantages.
In the semi-annual review of 2023, the world's horizons (603369.sh) reported a steady increase in awareness, the share, and the advantage of the proprietorship rate for the popular consumption of low-line products from the ocean rivers and the present world.v is a double-wheel drive, and growth is sustainable in and out of the province.
\triangleright 2. 3-quarterly review of Consort (603369.sh) 2022: marketing at all levels, branding based on core opinion leaders, v9 base level, is low and high growth is expected.)
3. In mid-2022, the world of present affairs (603369.sh) reported high profit margins, enjoying high-line sub-high-end price expansion and a wide range of growth possibilities.
4. In the first quarter of 2022 (603369.sh), a review was made of the results of the survey: 1) which originated in the north of the country, the city of Huai An has the highest presence and there is still room for improvement in the future through the downfall of the channel; the product structure continues to be optimized and the provincial growth continues at a rapid rate of 2022/0.
2) The early impact of the Nanjing offensive is evident, with higher-end products and group purchasing, which is expected to continue. 3) The Sino-Sunan empty market is large, large singles are still in the process of being released, and the city’s share is higher. 4) Intra-provincial priority is placed on the Jiangsu model city, with a pre-emerging brand base and a follow-up solution v price.
It is possible to break through the nationalization of the problem of the distribution of the bit layout with the subtle cognitive bias, v with the six-channel competition. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
1 Soup Market - high consumption, higher prices, high prices, high prices, high market growth, 1.1 Jiangsu Economy, leading the country, driving high consumption of alcohol in the provinces.
In 2022, Jiangsu had a disposable income of RMB 49862 per year, well above the national level of RMB 36883 per year, and had been growing at a rate that had led the country for many years. Jiangsu was growing rapidly, the wealth of the population was growing, and the size of the middle- and high-income population was growing, while the middle and high-income population was growing.
High-quality white wine (high-end, sub-high-end) is the main consumer group. In the context of “Little drink, good drink,” the quest for high-quality white wine became the main theme of the provincial white market, and consumption of the second-high-named white wine increased. Figure 2: Jiangsu per capita gdp is above the national average.
On December 8, 2013, the Central and State Office issued the Regulation on the Domestic Reception of Party Organs, which explicitly prohibits public hospitality from providing high-quality alcohol.
With a view to strict implementation of the eight provisions of the Central Government and the Regulation on the Use of Savings and the Fight against Waste by the Party Administration, Jiangsu subsequently introduced the “No Liquor” regulation, which introduced a sharp contraction in government consumption and made the consumption of white wine the main consumption scene.
According to the Jiangsu Bureau of Statistics, there were 3.72 million private enterprises in 22 years and 5.3% in 5 years; the 22-year private economy added as much as 57.7% to gdp.
The year-to-year rise in asset investment will further develop the private economy and promote the expansion of the market for the consumption of wine and wine. Large-scale consumption: the growth of the private economy has led to a sustained net inflow of Jiangsu population, with a permanent resident population of 8,515 million in late 2022 and a growing resident population.
The number of marriages registered in Jiangsu is at the forefront of the country, and Jiangsu's wedding dinners have been stabilized by the use of alcohol as a basis for drinking.
Figure 5: Sustained economic development in Jiangsu private sector Figure 6: Completion of investment in Jiangsu fixed assets increases year by year Figure 7: Net inflow of population in Jiangsu year by year
“Consumption escalation” + “White wine market expansion” supports the rapid expansion of sub-high-end prices. People in Jiangsu province have seen rising disposable incomes, rising consumption and an improvement in consumption structure.
The ratio has risen steadily; the present-day contours of cagr have been growing at a high rate of about 33.1 per cent in 16-22 years, with a high level of economic development, a high consumer power, a high public consumer price uplifting belt, a constant expansion of sub- and high prices in the province, and a demand for business hospitality, wine in the banquet, etc., which has stimulated the town of white.
The price of alcohol was moved to over $300, the sub-high end low line (300-600) was eliminated for the provincial white wine mainstream, and the high-end white wine market space cagr remained around 10.0 per cent.
Figure 10: Mainized consumption prices of Jiangsu-Bhai have risen to over $30 billion, expanding to 55.960 billion yuan in 21 years, the second highest in the country, with 10.2 per cent in the past three years, 13 years, when the pre-Su-Balco sector increased mainly on the basis of supply, and the production of Su-Balco rose from 311,000 litres in 09 to 13 years
With 941,000 litres, cagr as high as 28.8 per cent, the production of wine fell from year to year after 14 years, the expansion of the industry was driven by an increase in volume to an increase in prices, the average price of wine rose from 32,000 yuan per 1,000 litres in 14 years to 262,000 yuan per 1,000 litres in 21 years, cagr as high as 35.2 per cent, the economy of Jiangsu remained at a relatively high level of growth, with some population.
In the future, there is still room for an increase in the average price of white wine in Jiang Su Province.
Intragdp grew at an average rate of 8.3 per cent, and we expect to continue to expand at about 8 per cent per year.1.2 North-South development varies widely, and the Subei real estate has a clear advantage over alcohol.
Sino-Subei, with its long triangle, is bordered by Shanghai and Zhejiang, where it gathers the wealthiest urban groups in the country, Yuan; the three cities of Sud-Tung, Yang and Taizhou are located between Sunan and North, with a premium of $200-300 for the main consumption of white wine; and North Subei, with its main border with Anhui and Shandong, where the overall economic level is relatively weak and the main white wine is dissipated.
The price is between $100 and $200. (1) Subei: where Su wine comes from, two dragons develop their roots.
In 2022, the permanent population of approximately 9.76 million was the source of wine - the main base of the present world and the ocean river - and the two suquoise businesses were more dominant in the region. The district of Huai An is located in Subei, where economic development is weaker than in Sunan, while the total population is smaller than in other regions, and where the white wine market is relatively small, we expect to be more than $4 billion.
Salt City: The White Wine Environment is close to light and the Sou market is doing well. The Salt City area includes Salt City and Lianyun Harbour, located in North Subei, with a population of 1,132 million inhabitants in 2022. Given the relatively poor level of economic development, we expect the White Wine market to be about $5 billion or more. The area is relatively close to Xiaoan culture, economic exchange, and the White Wine market.
There is also a relative bias toward suction, with two taps growing more strongly. In recent years, the focus has been on the salt town, the main focus has been on the sinking of channels, the expansion of channels of contact, and the number of distributors has been increasing, with a total of 875 million yuan in sales in 2022 in the salt town region.
Shiru has entered the market, with two dragons occupying half of the market. It is also located in the city of Xuzhou, north of Su, where the disposable income per person and the average per capita expenditure on food, alcohol and tobacco are small, but there is a large resident population of about 9.03 million people in 2022, and we judge the size of the overall white wine market to be around $4 billion.
East, Anhui, Henan are relatively close to each other, with a share in Xuzhou, and an equal share in the world's rivers and worlds. In 2022, 779 million yuan in the region is the market that companies are now focusing on.
SOUTH: The swarms, the high-end, the nationalized sub-high-end wines, the susan region: the multi-competition, the suction base is weak. Including Suzhou, Sioux, Changzhou, the region's economy is more than billions of yuan. The susan region has a large foreign population, a strong national branding competition, a relatively weak suction base.
This is the beginning of the expansion of the world’s southern region, which, although still small in size, generated $1,012 million at the end of 2022, is beginning to work and is growing faster. Nanjing Region: a model for the development of the two dragons’ southern market.
Nanjing, as the capital city, has a better market base in Nanjing, and has a radiation effect on the town. This world started out as a group buying model, and the brand was founded with the support of government procurement and became a wine for the Olympics of Jiangsu athletes on several occasions.
Billion dollars, which is now a model for the development of two su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Si-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Si-Si-Si-Si-Su-Su.
The provincial economy is relatively well developed, as a major province for the sale of white wine, in 2022 it was about 56 billion yuan, cr4 = 58.2 per cent of the industry.
At the same time, Jiangsu’s higher levels of consumption and consumption have become a significant market capacity, making it a priority for other brands outside the province, in 2018.
In the run-up to the Quantue National Company's selection of Jiang Sonamjing, the Xiangzhou old cellar, Ken Nam Chun, Qing Yu, the wine and the five grains, among others, the brands have focused their resources on Jiangsu, which has captured the upper-middle-level and sub-high-end price segments, and the market has grown in scale. Nationalization of the high-end white spill continues to show its strength in Jiangsu.
Highlighting, the share of Pao-Dai city was about 8.9 per cent (12.5 per cent) respectively. Figure 15: White wine competition patterns in Jiangsu (2022)
High-end wine (over $800): Bao has an absolute advantage and Su is still in the process of being imported. Jiangsu's high-end white wine market is about $13 billion or more, and it is still the country's top leader, five or five, and three high-end wines occupy a larger share of the market.
At the lower end (300-800 yuan): Soup takes advantage of the land, and the central sub-prime price segment is focused. (1) High-line sub-high end (600-800 yuan): the market blue sea, with the double-drawn head the main power of the price segment.
High-line prices are still the blue sea of the current market, where the first six of the river’s dreams are more pronounced, and where the consumption base of the old dream 6 is rapidly released. The present-day national v system is still under cultivation, of which v3 is the public’s future master of the price belt, and where high-level markets such as Nanjing and Sunan are invited.
The main product is the fast-discharged soy sauce under the two indigenous brands and sauce heat. (2) Low-line sub-end (300-600 won): Sub-high-end major consumption belt, where the share of Soo has steadily increased. Sub-high-end low-line prices are the main current sub-end consumption belt of Jiangsu.
The price is mainly the blue of the ocean and the crystal of the dream, the kingdom of the present world, the sword of the sword of the sword of the southern spring, the number 8 in the wellhouse, the welltop, the ancient 16 and 20 in the well, the red man of the wine, the green 20 in the wine, etc., which are the masters of the wine companies, who have been working for many years in the market.
The formula is relatively mature. With strong market competition, Soup still has a certain advantage, with the borders of the present world growing fast at the opposite and the other ends of the world for the last five years, the blues of the ocean are growing faster than the size of the market as a whole, and the share of Soup is still rising steadily.
Mass consumption (100-300 yuan): Ocean rivers, low-end products of the present world and real-estate white wine are highly competitive. 1.3.2 National brand name wines focus on the Blue Sea market, and market space opportunities coexist with the challenge of increasing competition.
To promote the integration of stores, self-employed companies, supermarkets, electricians and i-pots in Jiangsu province, and to make every effort to ensure that the prices, channels, markets and expectations are fully stable. In marketing, active marketing, digital marketing, cultural marketing, brand marketing, and service marketing are implemented.
In Xu County, for example, a large number of low-powder products were invited to identify Chen ' s wine to create a strong cultural atmosphere; in Suzhou, a Mautai Cultural Exploition House was established; and Mautai Specialized Shop 3.0 added smart technology to reach young people. Companies dominated the Jiangsu market, amounting to about 7 billion yuan in 2022.
In 2015, the company proposed a project to create 10 billion Chinese people, with a focus on the Jiangsu market. In product planning, in conjunction with Jiangsu market preferences, the 42-degree-five-food fluid was used as a single item. In the administration of the distributors, Jiangsu's distributors were brought together to build a single product.
In regional planning, a market of 1.5 billion yuan, a market of 380 million yuan, a market of 300 million yuan, a market of 400 million yuan, a market of 700 million yuan, a market of 20 model counties, and a market of 5 billion yuan in 2022. It is also now centred on “Ecology, Quality, Culture, Figures,”
By optimizing channels, increasing their profits, implementing more precise channels, and improving their incentives. At the same time, increasing branding, combining markets, advertising, and strengthening the market climate. The company has further enriched the product system in Jiangsu province.
In 2017, the company proposed an “E-N-N-T” scheme, in which Jiang Yu was the main marketing area in China’s eastern region.
The company has established 190+ brand image shops in the East China market, and nine specialized stores in Jiangsu, focusing on the Sudong, Sina and Nanjing regions, with a focus on the Suzhou, Tin and Nanjing markets. The company has focused its core resources on the cellars, 1573, and is steadily consolidating its high-end drinking position. In the context of Suzhou ' s preference for low alcohol, the company has also focused on promoting low-level products.
In 2021, the cellars sold about $1 billion in the Jiangsu market in the series 1573 series, of which low-yield products showed good performance. Guai Goon: flexible choice of 1+1 business model and platform business model to achieve a rapid breakthrough in Jiangsu market.
The 1+1 large-scale business model is aimed at strong, cooperative markets with higher profit and cost support to attract the participation of high-quality dealers, while the platform-based model is primarily aimed at markets with relatively weak or lower depth through the organization of small distributors and end-gates to form sales companies.
In earlier years, companies were operating in the platform business model to open up medium- and low-end markets, with a rapid increase in the 1+1 model’s share following the rise in Jiangsu’s price belt and the rise in their brand power. The same year, in Jiangsu’s market, about $2 billion in revenue was achieved, accelerating the breakthrough in the region’s second-highest prices.
In order to meet one of the core areas of the bottle, Jiangsu makes a focused layout, focuses on the eco-dwelling series, and creates marketing centres in Jiangsu to actively seize Jiangsu markets.
The company pushes the dealer to win and develop the new dealership, and expands the dealer base. The focus is on working with large, super-businesses to achieve a rapid layout through branding of wine and large, super-business advantages. At the same time, the company uses the "1+1+1+n" service model.
An office manager with a business manager and a number of business clerks is currently located in Jiangsu province, which has been fully deployed to the local city, with the company collecting about $1 billion in Jiangsu in 2022.
- Clarity of brands and strong channels of 2.1 equity: stable equity structures, employee incentives in place State capital holdings, strong government support, firm interests and executive depth. The company's first shareholder is
The company’s second largest shareholder is Mr. Zhou, who owns 3.31% of the shares, and the company’s employees have limited access to public funds.
In total, the Divisions and Geyo Trading Ltd. hold 6.54% of the shares. In the top ten shareholders of the company, the incumbent Qing Jin Chun et al. together hold 4.39% of the shares, and the interests and interests of the company are tied to the depths of the executives.
And for many years in the company, Vice-President Wu Jianfeng has the title “China White Liquor Master” with nearly 30 years of work experience in the liquor industry, and Deputy Managing Director Sheng Dynasty has many years of first-line work experience. The company’s management is familiar with long-term development strategies, equity incentives are in place to motivate internal employees.
In 2022, a total of 334 persons, including 7 executives, were officially awarded shares of about 7.68 million. The equity incentive scheme further tied employee interests to the firm’s depth, allowing employees to enjoy the full dividends of corporate development, which helped to stimulate internal efficiency.
Real revenue and net non-mortality profits increased by 23.09 per cent and 22.83 per cent, respectively, assuming that the company would be able to do so over the next two years, figure 21: assuming that the terms of the concession were met, the net non-mortality and acceleration performance 2.2 brand end: three branding differences, product coverage of different consumption scenarios
The brand is very strong. The world's origins are known for their history as Liquor Trench, which was awarded the “Breathing First” flag by the Jiangsu government in 1956, and the “Gang Su Province Quality Wine” title in 1978 by the High Gorge; in 1984, at the Fourth National Wine Review Conference, it was ranked the second most popular white wine in the country.
In 1996, the high-trenched wine factory was in a state of difficulty, and management decided to create a cultural white wine brand with its “culture of origin” at its core, which was the birth of the “date of the present”.
Three major brands are precisely positioned, and differences cover different scenes. The 1996 creation of the “Fate of the World” brand is based on “China's weddings” and the mosaics of mosaics and weddings, building a solid consumer awareness based on differential positioning.
In 2022, the company launched a high-end branding campaign to return to public consumption, with the main strategy being “community breeding, town-farming.” Three major brands of the company are different.
Culturally differentiated marketing takes advantage of consumers' minds. Companies move in with consumers through systematic cultural public relations activities.
In the context of communication, the branding of the Chinese youth wedding ceremony, the celebration of the century of marriage with the Republic, the celebration of the 2500th anniversary of the present day in the city of Yangzhou, the branding of the present world as a “China man's wedding”, and the creation of the “patriarchy of patriotism” of the brand name of the nation.
The company’s name is the national v9 satellite, which innovatively operates the high-end customer service platform of the national vv, which connects high-end cultural resources and strengthens the high-end brand image of the national v9.
In 2004, the main price of Jiang Su-bhai was around $100, with the price of 300 to 400 at the end and the price of the group at the time being higher than that of Flying Heaven. The pre-arrangement was super-pricing, with a high-end brand image of the nation, leading the way.
Consumption has been upgraded, with sub-high-end products represented by four-quarters stabilizing the mainstream price belt. In 2016, the position of the nation was upgraded to “China's high-end medium white wine”, and the series became the core of the company's brand power, covering 300-600 yuan of mainstream price belts, with China taking the lead in making large monolithic products available on the national market.
Following the opening of the system, the varnish accelerator v9 was launched again in 2019. V9 was priced at $2299, opening a new Qing accelerator with a different competition from the head. The company has now completed the "v9 image, v3 sales, and v6 supplementation" of the different product layout.
Products, v3, v6, and v9, have three fragrances that may have the potential for confusion. Firms are strong, sub-priced, and have super-high power, while maintaining two hundred-dollar-priced product fundamentals that are less national and more elegance, and are rapidly developing with strong brand influence.
2.3 Channels: The barriers to the channel of group purchase are deep, the profits of the channel of circulation are high, and the core opinion leaders are firmly in charge of the channel of deep farming acquisition. In 2004, the company launched a high-priced series of national origin targeting channels for group purchase, with the core item “Four-Four” at $480 per bottle.
The company’s grip on opinion leaders has led to the creation of a core group of buyers based on the state’s capital background. The brand name has been worth hundreds of millions since 04. The company launched high-end products v3, v6, 11, and super-high-end new products v9.
The industry is in a period of deep adjustment, the v series of developments have been suspended, but a branding awareness has been created in the core circle. The company's strategic transformation, dynamic business group acquisition, and the focus on corporate customers and wedding crowd consumption, has continued to grow.
Since 2016, the company has been promoting the “1+1” marketing model, promoting the downfall of the provincial channels and strengthening the control of the terminals.
In 2019, the +5+New Retail network was upgraded to the +1+n marketing model, integrating terminal operators into the distribution services system, and strengthening the base support of the terminal.
Business-end-doors, up to the sales of the core consumer (members), form an in-depth cooperative system of producer ownership, division of labour, reduction of marketing inputs, timely acquisition of end demand, flattening of channels and fine-tuning of management, improvement of end-service and marketing enforcement.
The company has made several organizational changes since its listing to improve organizational effectiveness. In 2018, the company abolished marketing centres and restructured six regional layouts to further promote flat organizational structure and management efficiency; and a pilot outside the province was set up a “Sandong region” to enhance marketing.
In late 2020, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Advanced Industries, the Ministry of Market Inspection and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs were set up to fight hard, the Ministry of War Promotion, the brand name of the present world, to activate the war, and the marketing strategy for the break-through outside the province; and in 2021, the Alliance of the V was established to strengthen the V as a strategic position.
In 2022, the Ministry of State v9 was renamed the Ministry of State v, while the Ministry of State and the Ministry of the Future was created to strengthen the model of the division.
In 2023, the Department of Corporate Marketing and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs formed the Department of Marketing and further delegated authority to the heads of branding industries; and the Department of Strategic Studies, the Office of the Chief Engineer, the Big Data Centre, which incorporated the Department of Brand Management into the Ministry of Culture, reflecting the company’s relationship.
High-quality development in the billions of years is a high priority. 3-record contrasts — clear strategic positioning, style shift from a dot to a dot 3.1 pre-position high-end, long-serving.
The ocean's moorings started early, and the world's leading forces of conservation broke out. From 2003 to 2007, the Soho River, with a fast-growing $100 price, introduced the medium-end series of "Blue Classics" in the middle and high-end series, which covered the city of River 8 and fostered a blue monolithic consumption climate in the sea, and the Nanjing Highlands Market in the capital of the province.
In 2014, when the world came to the market, the alcohol industry was in a period of deep adjustment, and the company's strategic focus moved out of its difficult position and began to grow rapidly in 2016.
This is a world where deep farming groups purchase and caterer markets, and the ocean rivers move from nurturing core consumers to deep distribution. For institutional reasons, the world’s origins are closely linked to the government, which has earlier become the government’s exclusive drink, while the world’s series has a high consumer sticky effect in the North Su. The ocean’s early years were oriented towards consumer development, starting in 2005.
In 2009, the river introduced the producer “1+1” model for deep distribution, and in 2012, the “Skynet project” was introduced to sink further, to promote full-scale distribution and to exert some pressure on the competition. A flexible channel strategy helped the river to open up its markets in and out of the province, and revenue grew rapidly.
In 2013, the eight regulations were introduced, the white wine market entered a period of deep adjustment, and income fell significantly between the ocean and the current economy.
Don't fall by 14.75% and 3.73%. While maintaining a high-end position, the world's current economy is concentrating on the acquisition of channels by the executives, shifting them to commercial groups and to public consumption. The ocean rivers are moving towards a fast-disposal approach that has led to higher market revenues in the provinces and abroad since 2015, at a rate of more than 20% for the third year in a row.
The rapid expansion of the field helped the ocean to get out of the industry adjustment period earlier, when income was restored to the province, the structure of the products of the present world was upgraded to a better level, and the process of high-endization was slowed down in the province.
Mainly price belts, product structure continues to upgrade, with revenue from high-end products (Ta and Tea+) rising from 55.22 per cent in 2011 to 74.36 per cent in 2016. The blue of high-end products from the ocean river has been reduced by government consumption.
Figure 32: The share of income from high-end products of the present world has been rising by 3.2, taking advantage of the provincial opportunities, and the strategy has been shifting from a defensive approach to a fast-track development in 2017.
The growth rate of net profit growth in the province was 21.68 per cent and 22.81 per cent in 2017-2022, respectively, significantly higher than in the Ocean River. 2023H1 net profit from the present world and return was $5.97 billion, respectively.
The ocean’s expansion has eased the maintenance of the intra-provincial market, the blue classic series is in urgent need of upgrading, and high-priced products have been promoted since the introduction of the high-end Dream Blue Manual in 2017. This is an opportunity for the world to seize.
At the lower end of the spectrum, the income from the ta+ group rose from 36.82 per cent in 2016 to 2023h1 with a series of products achieving full coverage and high regional ownership in Jiangsu, with a reduction in small-scale, low-profile regional products and the introduction of the National Crystal V system to foster higher-end products of more than $800 in order to create a new level of growth.
Figure 35: Ongoing increase in the share of income of the current-day speciala+ group: Figure 36: Rapid growth of income outside of the river province: Figure 37: Rising trend in the current-day gross domestic product (Māori) ratio
Figure 38: The net interest rate of the present world increases the loyalty of the distributors and the advantages of the channel emerges. 1) Group buying channels: this world starts with the government, deepens the barriers to the support and long-term upbringing of the major shareholders, acquires more opinion leaders and incremental group buyers
(ii) Channels of communication: the early ocean river used deep distribution to expand the market rapidly, with manufacturers taking charge of the cost, maintaining the market, etc., but the loss of customers in the province led to weak growth due to the transparent product price system, low profits for distributors, and the gradual emergence of weaknesses. The present world uses the “1+1” deep marketing model, with sub-products, subregions, etc.
(a) Management, distribution, quantity and quantity, flatening of channels, and co-financing of development costs by the manufacturers. The product price system is not yet transparent, the channel profits are higher, and the distributors are more motivated because of the late entry of the current world into the circulation channels. In recent years, the world has made numerous price increases and controls over the products, ensuring that the channels are reasonable in stock and stable in prices;
In 2020, based on national v-products, a “control board share” model was introduced, a uniform and stable distributor parities were established, sales were settled by cost after cost, profits were fairly distributed, channels were increased, and consumer growth was deepened.
In 2022, the company organized a restructuring process to divide some of its branding and decentralized branding, raising sales costs by 2.52 pcts on a par, and raising advertising promotion costs as a percentage of revenue.
Figure 39: Cost of sales in the present world and in the ocean river, Figure 40: Cost of advertising promotion in the present world.
In recent years, the world has increased its efforts to develop channels of communication, increasing the number of sales workers from 621 in 2016 to 1214 in 2022, representing an increase from 19.92 per cent to 27.99 per cent of the active workforce. The world's current sales teams are more capable of generating income than the ocean rivers.
In 2022, the income of single salesmen in the world and the ocean river was $6,497.5 million, respectively, and figure 41: The market force in the world is growing, figure 42: The income-generating capacity of salesmen in the world is higher per capita.
Income per person for salespersons of the present world (million yuan/person)  Income per person for salesman of the ocean river (million yuan/person)  4 spatial calculations — v + double-wheel drive for openings with deep cultivation channels
4.1v is a high-volume, open-range crop, and the product continues to grow upwards. The product structure is sub-high, with growth potential for all the series. The company ' s product matrix is perfect, with a product of the type of ta+ at a price of $300 or more, which accounts for 66% of the total, and maintains a high growth rate of more than 20% for many years.
1. National v3 has developed in recent years a better consumption climate in local areas such as Nanjing and has been successfully marketed with the resources of four channels, which are still in the early stages of development, with higher profits than mature products at the same price band, thus giving them a stronger boost; while v3 enjoys a 600-dollar expansion at the last high end, maintaining a good quality with m6+
Competition is expected to lead to high-speed growth. 2) Country v9 builds on core opinion leaders to develop brand awareness, focussing on marketing inputs at the circle level, leading to a number of concerts that raise the profile of the product and are expected to increase at a low base. 3) The country has grown from a 400-600-dollar mainstream price range to a large single item with the price, and the group buys a lot of resources.
Channel profits are high, leading to a high repurchase rate and maintaining development performance; 4) v and open-source share of corporate income for low-end products such as open and low-end products are 10 per cent + and 50 per cent + respectively. Based on the company ' s responses to the queries, v and open-up still have the capacity to grow by 2 billion yuan and 5.5 billion yuan planned in the company ' s $10 billion plan.
There is still a strong regional space and a blank market with potential. The company's headquarters is located in the city of Huaiyang, which has a strong influence in the north of the country, and there are still large gaps in the south and centre of the country. In particular:
1. The city of Huai An has the highest rate of ownership, and the north-western region still has deep-farming space. In 2022, the district earned 1,581 million yuan, or 20 per cent of the total, and estimated the company ' s share of approximately 38 per cent in the city of Huaian and nearly 20 per cent in the city of Salt City and Huaihai; the district of Huaihai has grown the most in recent years in terms of the rate of income growth.
There's room for development, with an increase in the number of distributors in 23H1 Xiaoyan and Salt City, which is accompanied by further cultivation, city and Nanjing, where growth is expected to continue. The company started out as a group buying model, the brand name of the nation, and began with the provincial capital Nanjing as a priority city, supported by government procurement and repeatedly become Jiangsu athletes.
The region of Nanjing, an area where marketing reforms had taken place earlier, in 2015 the company eliminated the city marketing centre and promoted flattening of channels, decentralized the write-off of fees to sub-firms, and supported the core business priorities. Nanjing has a high level of consumption, an upscaling pace of consumption, and the world's present-day purchases in Nanjing have been excellent.
A good consumer climate, accompanied by sub-high prices and expansion, is expected to continue leading the national series in Nanjing. 3) Central and South Sudan are weak and empty markets have potential. The size of the sales of white wine in the Su-China and South Sudan regions is about $21.9 billion and $10.1 billion, respectively.
Increased spending is expected to generate a greater market share; South Sudan has a high level of consumption, a strong demand for political and commercial dinners, a fragmented pattern of 400-600 price bands, a lack of monopoly power, large monoliths are still in the process of being released, and the market share is expected to continue to increase, while v enjoys sub-high price band expansion and substantial company input costs
In a culture of growth, there is room for growth in the South Sudan market.
In 2014, the company proposed a plan for the construction of a priority market outside the province, but it has not been successful after many years of developing a market outside the province because of its weak branding base. In 2015, the company’s foreign branding was mainly about $100 in its present-day series, but the price was competitive.
In addition, the company focused its development efforts on Shanghai, Beijing and others, and branded it as a national nominee. In 2018, the company established the Shandong Region and attempted to buy the “Sang Chi Industry” to seek out-of-town breakthroughs, with the company maintaining a single-digit share of out-of-town income due to a change in strategic positioning.
In 2023, the company recommenced its development strategy at the provincial level, as follows: 1) nationalization of the sub-high-end monolithic State, with the construction of a long-term system of inter-triangular integration with a view to accelerating the formation of silos. 2) The company took the lead in building 10 local and municipal markets around Jiangsu Province, with radiation-led perimeters, and built the whole complex.
We believe that the company's strategic planning for this extra-provincial location is becoming clear, drawing on the experience of the inter-nationalization of the river, the Guai, and the wine, and that the product is the preferred single item with a good base in the province.
At the same time, there is a lot of room for growth, taking into account the fact that v is the price of the product, and that the layout and the three fragrant cognitive deviationsv are competing with the six-way channel. 4.3 Sojus have different development strategies, sharing the sub-high-end expansion dividend.
Consumption upgrades drive rapid expansion at the lower end of the province, and competition between the present and the ocean rivers is evident at different stages of development. In the case of incremental competition, Soho has a clear advantage in terms of branding, channels, products, etc., compared to other real-estate and foreign wines, and will fully enjoy the expansion dividend in the future and maintain a high rate of development. At the same time, the ocean river and the present world depend on its foundations.
The comparative advantage at different stages is slightly different in brand marketing, channel focus, and development orientation, and there is no need to worry in the short term about the deterioration of the pattern of competition. Stability and v3 are in the import phase, and there will be no crowding competition; m3/crystal dreams are in line with national affiliations.
When it comes to sharing the price with dividends. 2) From the end of the brand: the two are different in brand positioning. The world's reasons are based on "bench" as the core culture of the brand, emphasizing the social and cultural attributes of white wine, its three brands: "country", "world" and "grow"
Don't focus on political activities, weddings, and public consumption. Red is the main tone of the “twilight of the world” series, which is consistent with the features of the wedding festival, and promotes an atmosphere of “twilight for the world, always with it.” The river corresponds to the culture of “temporality” and highlights the “dreaming” that is business-oriented. In recent years, the ocean has actively sponsored cultural projects to enhance its quality.
Cards, which also have a blue-centric, cold-coloured and elegant style. 3) At the end of the channel: The world focuses on group buying channels, with a higher share of group purchasing. Companies start their home, long-term deep-drawn, have a better relationship with clients, such as a number of enterprises, and have a greater advantage in the field of group purchasing.
The main reason is that 13 years later, public consumption is limited, and companies prejudge the future consumption of the industry.
(ii) With regard to the structure of the production, the core stream of the ocean's monolithic sea sky series is concentrated in mid-grade prices, suitable for a high volume of tobacco and alcohol, super-business, and a high volume of channels for the flow of goods and their ability to absorb them, with the rapid growth of the company's size, the way it operates is inclined to do so.
Deep-farming flows, in addition to the company ' s recent rediscovery of gang purchasing patterns, which have been used as a key point in the flow of power. (4) In terms of development orientation, the river ' s nationalization process has been excellent, with out-of-provincial income rising from 36.8 per cent in 2013 to 53.7 per cent in 2021, and the focus has gradually shifted to the outside of the province, in an effort to create a high-end state of nationalization.
Liquor enterprises. The share of off-the-road income in 2021 was only 7 per cent in the domestic market in the current period, not much since it was listed, and it is in the early stages of nationalization. 5.1 The profit projection assumption is split from business.
1) tera+ category: considering the firm ' s high level of input to v3 and the current high profits in the import channel, v3 is expected to grow rapidly and there is little room for price increases; the main price of the large card openings has a consumption base 2), tera category: more sticky consumption in the North-Suix region, with benefits, e.g., more monolithic, lightly, 15/10
3) Other products: a product with a public price band of $50-100, subject to an increase in low-end alcohol consumption, Māori ratio assumption: rapid growth in revenues from national v and open products, steady and sustained increase in product structure, and less volatile production costs for white wine enterprises, relatively stable ton costs, company Māori rates are expected to continue to rise, projected
1) Cost of sales: Prolonged in-house, sustained expansion of the company, model effects of income growth and expected efficiency gains in spending after 22 years of division of branding, stable sales rates 2) Management cost: stable corporate governance structure, stable share of management costs under scale effect, and I
In summary, we expect the expansion of the company in and out of the province for 23/24/25 years, with the same rate of increase in revenue, and we select the five leading nationalized enterprises that are similar to the main business, which are valued to take account of the growing brand power of the company, the deep barriers to access, and the dividends of rising consumption in the Soju market, estimated at 23 years.
The steady development of the vast market space + national open-up system provides the basis for growth in v-high-value products, and in the system upgrading + cutting larger cakes in a competitive environment. Companies have a comparative advantage, and products are still in place.
At the upward stage of development, under the incentive of profit spreads and management, the branding industry has become more competitive. 1. The company’s main competition is Ocean River and National Infamous Wine. If the River increases its maintenance of sub-provincial price segments, the national production has stepped up its efforts to develop popular price bands, or to intensify the province’s efforts.
Internal competition results in less than expected product sales. (2) product structure upgrades are less than expected.
Intra- and out-provincial markets cannot be opened as fast as expected. If corporate channels of intra- and intra-provincial circulation are sunk, the pace of new customer development slows down, empty and out-of-provincial markets are not well developed, or corporate revenue growth is hampered.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.