For the first time, Weir Holdings (603501) was covered on the 28th of March 2024.
Weir shares were created in 2007 and acquired the third largest company worldwide, Hawet and Spico, officially cut into the cis track.
In addition, the company acquired the tddi business of synaptics in 2020, which now forms three business systems: cis, touch and display, and simulating solutions.a Shares in circulation (millions of shares):
Multi-cam boosts cis demand, and the company’s products go into high-end markets. The company’s total equity in consumer electronics a (millions): the growth logic in cis is largely due to the slow recovery of smartphones.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): The higher stock level at 23q3 in 2022 when mobile phone sales fell has been phased out, and the pressure rate of Maori is expected to be repaired marginally, adding up to the fall in the price of mature crystal round workers in 2023, crystal round generation.
In addition, the smartphone back-to-back configuration is gradually focusing on three cameras: "Main camera + ultra-wide corner + long focal" , "Main camera + 50 mpcis" , camera upgrade to ultra-wide corner and long focus.
The flag ship has upgraded the hyperbolic and long-focal lens to 50mp, and the future national producer 's 50mp product matrix has been gradually refined, with a strong value-for-money advantage, which is expected to accelerate the sinking of low- and medium-end markets. The company has shifted its focus to the 50mp product at the bottom, and has published four products, of which ov50h is in the middle of the line.
The high-end product, imx707, is already up to 14 p.p., and is expected to be used in China as p. 70. The company expects to release in 2024 a single inch of low-pixel 50mp products of high-level and higher-size subpixels, with a high-end product of high-pixel products that will be introduced in the future into super-wide angles and long-focals of high-end machines, with 50 p.m.
The matrix continues to improve, leading the way to a high-end national production of cis. Autopilot + pixel upgrades, and car loads of cis are up. Autopilot levels are increasing continuously and car loads of cis are up. In terms of numbers, the current mainstream vehicle pattern is up.
During the transition period from l2 to l3, the assigned amount for a single-car camera was raised from 3 to 8 to 12 and the garage left room for upgrades to follow the ota, with a higher load of a single-car camera than the mainstream option.
In terms of prices, the trend in high pixels on vehicles is clear, with more than 5 m of products entering the release period, previously more remote detection as needed and wider view angles, upgrading to a higher value of 8 m. We believe that future growth in carcis markets will be of high value.
Formerly considered the main, supported by cameras such as eye-to-eye, side-view, and inside. For nearly two decades, the company had enough pre-entry, technical and customer advantages to farm in carciss, and in 2022 it had a 30% share of car-cis, which was just lower than Ansomé. The company launched 8mp car-cis-to-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-sis.
High-pixel trends, which add up companies that, based on their original overseas car customers, are heavily imported into new domestic transmissions and car-making forces, or may become new growth points in the company’s performance. Downstream demand is not as high as expected; 50mp products are not being used as expected; and new products are not being developed as expected.
1. The industry has arrived, and the Cis leadership is expected to restart its 1.1 focus on the cis industry, with product upgrades up to speed. Will’s shares acquired the third-largest lavish technology and Shenzhen Spiko in 2019, officially marched into the cis field and became the company’s core business.
In recent years, the company has increased its progress in research and development on consumer electronics, automobiles and security-related cis products, and the trend towards the artificialization of mobile phones and the development of car intelligence will drive demand for cis and revive the rapid growth.
1.2 The recovery of the industry has come to a point where inventory and clean-up performance has improved. After the company ' s acquisition of luxury technology in 2019, the net profit on collection and repatriation increased considerably and peaked in 2021.The downside of consumer electronics in 2022 led to a fall in corporate revenue, a steady upturn in corporate stock, and a loss on high asset impairments led to a return.
Smart phones are the company’s main application area, with the lower profile of the smartphone industry in 2022 and the first half of 2023 leading to a sharper decline in the mobile phone industry. Auto-electric intelligence trends are accelerating demand for car-borne ciss, which accounts for 14% of automobile operations from 2021.
To 31% in the first half of 2023. We expect corporate cis operations to be accelerated by consumer electronic warming and car intelligence, with a steady increase in product output. Figure 4: Substream area receipts in image sensor operations, Figure 5: Corporate cis chip sales and projections (millions)
Companies continue to optimize their product structure, Māori rates and net interest rates, but in 2022 there was an increase in stock levels, product prices were down, crystal round prices were up, corporate profit spaces were upped, Māori rates and net interest rates were down. Companies’ profitability was at the top, slightly higher than that of Stewy and Gkkovi. Gekco and the transformation of the Fab-lite model, 2023q2 self-crystal mills were officially produced, bringing the overall Māori ratio to a higher level than that of deposing.
Weir in storage, but net interest rates are lower than Weir. Stock is nearing completion, and profitability is turning. 22H1 sales of smartphones have declined considerably in size and demand for components such as cis has weakened, causing companies to keep up their water levels.
In 2021, the stocking phase is nearing its end. As downstream customers recover, adding up the consumer electronics industry to a slow upturn, it will slow down the downward pressure on the prices of the company when it goes to the inventory phase, and corporate profitability is expected to turn.
2.1 Flagship ultra-wided + long focus upgrades, with 50mp sinking medium- and low-end master market smartphones being the main application area for cis and the climate of the cellular industry affecting the size of the cis market. According to yole, smartphones are the main application area for cis, with 63 per cent of applications, and weak demand for smartphones led to a decline in the size of the global cis market in 2022. q1-1 in 2023
q3, cellular pixels have continued to rise, especially in the direction of medium- and low-end cell pixels, which have increased in value, adding automatic driver penetration rates to speed, which has led to a recovery in sales of cis. Figure 10: Global sales of cmos image sensors (millions of United States dollars)
According to the Statistics Department of the Ministry of Economic Affairs of Taiwan, prices of raw materials have increased by 41.64% for cars and industrial industries. In 2023, while the prices of crystal round workers have been rising steadily, the prices have increased mainly from advanced processes and mature ones.
The price of Taiwan Province’s 12-inch crystal round-worker prices (millions of new Taiwan dollars per piece) account for more than 60% of Sony and Samsung’s share, and only Chinese manufacturers are located in Top10 in Howetech, Gekkowi and Stewy.
The overall market share is only about 20%. According to the China-Chole International 23q3 performance fair, the market share will increase as Hbm and bsicis are used to reduce back and key-coupled processes for the same process. We believe that Samsung and ssk Hercules have the incentive to transfer low-end cis production to higher value-added Hmb, and that Chinese manufacturers are expected to take over this segment of market demand.
Figure 14: Global cis competition patterns, smartphone sales are starting to warm, and 23q3 are turning. According to idc, global smartphone sales have stagnated since 2022, and smartphones are starting to move in the second half of 2023, as markets recover gradually and the surge in market sales rises.
Based on the global smartphone sales for 2023-2027 disclosed by idc, we divided our mobile phones into three price bands, with reference to the traffic in mobile phones exposed by tidal wires. Assuming that the number of 50 mpcis installed by mobile phones varies from year to year, and based on the price of different pixels, we measured the size of the smartphone after-scs market in 2023 at $10.76 billion, which is expected to rise to $17.697 billion in 2027, cagr.
The smartphones after the cis market space (US$) where cell phones are divided or unified, and the big bottom 50mp becomes the trend. Three stars adhere to the high pixel program, but the individual pixel intake is reduced due to hyperpixel, which makes it less than satisfactory at night. On the other hand, sensor manufacturers such as Sony and HowieTech have launched the big bottom program, the big bottom cis device.
There is more light to capture more details in the dark light or complex environment, with a higher volume of noise and dynamics, and a better degree of dilution. In pixels, sensor manufacturers, for example, identify 50mp as an ideal solution in terms of a combination of photo effects, ISp hardware, algorithms, storage capacity, etc.
Smartphone pixels have been gradually raised, and the average number of single-camera after-camera cameras has stabilized at three. According to Counterpoint, in 2022, the 50 mp ratio rose considerably, from 5.92% of 21q4 to 11.79% of 22q1. With regard to the number of single-camera cameras, according to Counterpoint, the mainstream cell phone camera has gradually set the camera configuration of the main camera + long core + wide angle. 2022q1, the three cell phone account for 35% of the mainstream.
The number of cameras will be increased in the future, with the further application of Big Bottom Cis and the enhanced quality of medium- and low-end mobile phones, and the use of single-camera cameras will be stabilized at 3. The Big Bottom program will be the mainstream of the flagship aircraft, with the main cis supplier still being Sony.
Some of the aircraft hosts a 50-mp base program, while the three-star flag aircraft hosts have been upgraded from 108-mp to 200-mp. According to the cis supplier, Sony is the main supplier of the mainstream flag ship, with the three-star combustor and only a small number of aircraft on board, while the Howie technology cos product is in the mainstream flag, with less on board, with only 14 pros on board, and is expected to go up from p70 this year, marking the start of Howie technology cutting into high-end markets.
The smart phone sciss pixels converged to 50 mp, and the share of low-end and high-end pixels decreased. According to tidal apparel, we revealed the volume of the mobile phone types at the price of 1q22 and 3q23, and we counted its master camera configuration, with a larger share of the aircraft types carrying 50 mpcis at the price of 3 q23, particularly in the low- and medium-end models, at $400-599 and an increase of 53.4 pt for the 50 mpcis model at the price of 200-50.
The 32.84 ptt and 48.81 ptt. 3q23, with 12mp mobile phones on board, have larger shipments, resulting in a larger proportion of 12mp mobile phones out of more than $800. In the future, as the new Apple model continues to be updated, the 50mp product continues to sink, the mass ratio of high pixels continues to expand, and the pixel upgrade continues.
Figure 21: 1q22 Global Best Seller Host caric. Figure 22:3q23 Global Best Seller caric. Mainstream 48mp+. Two plus three 48mp+.
In addition, the ratio of two and three 48 mp+ programmes has increased, with two 48 mp+ programmes increasing by more than $800, while the size of the cellular cis has continued to expand and the demand for the base cis has continued to rise. According to the congenial consulting data, the number of Andre high-end machines in 2023 has increased.
The demand for hypersensors of 1.1.6 "and above will be increased, with an expected 25 pct increase in the ratio of 23q1 to the same year. The mid-end machine, due to cost constraints, has a narrower scope for upgrading the headpiece, most of which will use a 1/2" ~1/2.8" cis. Sensor manufacturer has the size of a collage and 1 inch is the cellular cis limit.
In addition, from the optical point of view, the larger the size of the cis, the thicker the mirror is, and the cellular operator can only mask the increase in thickness by reducing the equivalent focal range or by increasing the atrocity of the body, but the equivalent focal distance of the flagship is already at its limit.
Figure 27: Cis Sensor Size Comparison Maps The mobile phone becomes an important carrier for the ai and calculates photo-guided graphic performance. The Hexagon processor (ai processor) and Spectraisp have added hexagon to the lynchron 8 processor issued by the Hightower, creating a "i+isp" that allows quick recognition of the scene.
Toggle the corresponding lens and automatically adjust the parameters to obtain better exposure, focus and colour effects, reduce the user's manual adjustment of the parameters, and provide a solid basis for the mobile phone's "multimaster" program. With regard to camera specifications, the most recently released 8gen3 scaffolds form three 18-bit perceptive Ispsps, photographing support for single 108mps or two 64mp+36mps of zero-speed doors, stacking up self-researched Isp chips from mobile phone manufacturers, photo processing capabilities
In the future, as the computing power of Isp in smartphones increases, the range of pixels that support zero-speed door delays is expected to increase, and the level of pixels in smart hands is expected to continue to increase. The pixel values and sizes of mobile phone hosts are gradually set, with a clear trend towards multiple hosts. Oppo called "double master" in 2021 and 2023, respectively.
And the slogan, "Multimaster" , solves the problem of a marked quality gap in lens switching. The smartphone multimaster automatically selects the lens according to the scene or pattern, reduces the quality gap between the different lenses and optimizes the user's participation steps. Currently, the ultra-widepixel of the mainstream flag ship has been raised to 50 mp.
Long focus is upgraded from remote to clean, 48mp has become a "start threshold." High pixel long focus lenses provide users with more viewing angles and distances, with better visualization and dilution effects. At this stage, mobile phone manufacturers such as Mi, Opo, vivo, Hua, Samsung have upgraded the branded flag ship owner to 48mp or 50mp, with two 50mp focal lenses loaded by the forthcoming Findx7ultra, and glory magic6pro.
China’s Cis manufacturer is constantly refining the 50mpcis product line, with small pixel products dominated by ultra-broad angles and long-cool lenses, accelerating the downfall of the product as costs continue to fall. Smart phone sciss is dominated by Japanese-Korean manufacturers, and Howie’s product progression is the first to break.
The main suppliers, is, accounted for 83 per cent of the global share, and the share of domestic firms in the market was only 12 per cent. In mid-2022, a significant decline in low-end mobile phone exports led to a decline in the share of the market of manufacturers of chis whose main markets were Howe-Technology, Gekkowi, etc., while Sony and Samsung turned to high-end products to offset the negative impact of the decline in unit prices.
The iPhone 15/15pus main camera has been upgraded to a three-storey stacking structure, and the low success rate of the new product has led to a decline in the production capacity of Sonyega assigned to apples, resulting in a drop in the supply of Andre high-end cis. Howell technology’s 50mp product has moved into high-end areas and is expected to take over Andre’s high-end cis and take over Sony and Samsung high-end markets.
The Sony Focused Bottom Cis program, with Samsung focusing on high pixels. From Sony and Samsung's mobile phone cis product lines, Sonycis products are mainly focused on 48mp-64mp at the bottom, where the Imx 989 sensor size reaches 1 .0.98, and the monopixel size is 1.6um.
Three stars focus on small pixels, hm and hp, which are the main forces of the three stars, with pixels reaching 108 mp and 200 mp, but, depending on the future direction of the big bottom pixels, three-star billion-grade pixels are mainly found on the three star flagship and some low- and medium-end models. The gn series is a major bottom product of the three stars, and the jn series is a small pixel product of the three stars, which accounts for most of the market share of 50 mp small pixels.
The iPhone15 series upgrades the mainframe to a three-storey stack of 48mpcis, squeezing more Sonycis production capacity. According to the crystal-circle capacity disclosed by Sony, and the different cis diesize disclosed by techinsights and eet-china, considering that the iPhone 15/15pus masters use three layers of stack structure, the number of crystals required to measure the cis on an apple-type machine in 2023 is about 630.5 million, or 46% of Sony ' s total capacity, of which three layers are considered.
The capacity required for stacking products is about 1121,000 units, or 8% of Sony ' s total capacity. It's 34% of Sony ' s total capacity in 2022, up by 12 pct. Apple ' s new architecture combs more Sony ' s capacity, Sony 's supply will be reduced for Andre camp cos, and domestic cos suppliers are expected to take over, assuming that the iPhone 16 series is full of a three-storey scaffolding system, and the pixel layer diesize with 15 series.
In 2024, we measured the demand for crystals in the three-storey stock of Apples, which accounted for 62.02 million pieces of Sonycis crystals, about pct. In 2024, Sonycis was even more scarce, and the national producer is expected to take over more Andres cis. Figure 32: The demand for Sonycis crystals in different Apple structures (millions) is 33: The demand for Sonycis crystals in different Apple structures is proportional to the demand for Sonycis crystals in different structures.
2.2 In 2022, smartphones began to decline, and company consumption of electronic ciss reached the bottom of history, while company stocks continued to rise and companies were forced to go to the stocking stage. After several quarters of inventorying, companies moved to healthy levels at 2023q3 stocks, adding electricity to their consumption.
The company adjusted its product structure and launched high-pixel cis products, and the ov50h, launched in 2023, became the main camera of some of the flagship aircraft, gradually increasing the load of the ov50h and the future release of the 50mp new material.
The company’s more popular ov64b product is mainly used in the ultra-broad corner and long-focal position of mobile phones, and the company’s development strategy foresees the introduction of a 50mp product of small pixels to replace 64mpcis in the second half of this year. The company will introduce more than 50mpcis, and the 50mp product share is expected to increase continuously.
By 2025, the share of exports was close to 40%. By 2022, the price of consumer electronics and crystal round workers had risen, the company’s Māori ratio had fallen considerably, stock was stacked up, unit prices were charged, the company’s Māori rate had reached a historically low level in 2023, and, as the inventory was cleared, the cost of crystal round workers had fallen, high pixel products had risen and the company’s Māori ratio had risen.
Figure 36: Quarterly export structure projections for corporate consumption. Figure 37: Quarterly Māori forecast for corporate consumption. 50mp.
In 2022, the company rolled out ov50e to provide a leading low-light image and high-motivated video capture capability for mid-end mainframes. In June 2023, the company launched a small pixel ov50d, a product for three-star jn1, and a 50-mp market for small pixels. In January 2023, the company launched a large bottom ov50h against the sign Sonyimx 707 and three-star gn1, using the first H/vqpd auto-focal.
It's faster to automatically focus and enhance the weak light performance. Although there's a certain difference in performance with Sony, it's got a higher value, and it's starting to be picked up by mainstream flagships, with a higher load rate of ov64b, ov50e and ov50h from the company cis. ov64b is mainly the host of some of the lower-middle- and lower-end machines and the focal position of the flagship; ov50h is the company's main product, which, because of its higher value for money, has started to be located in 14 pm, 14 pm,
Glory magic6pro, iqoo12pro, etc.. The ov50h production time started in the second half of 2023 and was late in production, and is expected to increase in 2024, with a strong performance and a higher value for money advantage, driving the company to continue to grow.
3.1 Auto-drive boost demand, pixel upgrades, cars are another important application area for cis, and steady growth in car sales will boost the cis market. According to Marklines, with new sources of energy driven by cars, total global car sales have been warming since 2020, and s&pglobalmobility predicts that global car sales will be on par in 2024.
According to the Chinese Industrial Association, the increase in car sales in China also began in 2020 at a higher rate than in the world, with the Association expecting 31 million cars to be sold in China in 2024. Smart driving levels are rising, and the penetration rate of 122 and above continues to rise.
The annual global penetration rate is 67 per cent for grades 1 and above.Figure 40: China ' s intelligent driving grade load and penetration rate.Figure 41: Global intelligent driving grade penetration rate
In 2023, 55.3% (43.4% of l2 and 11.9% of l2+) of new-energy vehicles were significantly higher than 36.6% of fuel vehicles, and fuel vehicles were not yet graded. In terms of the breakdown of vehicles, the price of vehicles in vehicles in vehicles in vehicles in vehicles in vehicles in cases of l2 and above was more than 160,000, and there was still much room for improvement in low-cost vehicles.
The cameras are the core sensor for autopilot, and the number of cameras for the entire vehicle has been increasing as autopilots have become more frequent. According to the English-language consultation, there is only one front-vision camera for Lo-level autopilot, while the 1-5 level requires 10-16, which is considered to be the main growth area in terms of the increase in the use of different cameras, from 1 in Lo to 5-8 in l5.
One-car cams have been increasing continuously, and the speed of the vehicle is clearly higher than expected. Acrobatic kryptonite 001 is carrying 15 cameras for the 122 type, and a scavengers 12.5 type c11 is carrying 11 cameras, while a traditional car factory with 11 cameras is also carrying 11 of the Peng 6, jifls6 and Ures8 level 193 type, all of which belong to the camera with a larger number of head-loaded models, leaving a surplus for subsequent upgrades of the ota, mainly for the mainframe plant, which will have a significantly higher volume of cargo than expected.
BMW3 and Odia4 carry five cameras on each of the 122 vehicles. According to the sale of Chinese cars at different prices in 2023 revealed by the Automotive House, we have selected a total of 25-35 million, 35-500,000 and over 500,000 tons of top 50, based on the location, number, and pixels of cameras carried by the different models.
In 2023, China had the highest output of video-cams, with the mainstream vehicle carrying almost four. In terms of the share of goods delivered, it accounted for half of the total. Second, it accounted for 23 per cent of the total, and the bottom-up was only 5 per cent. At present, the mainstream vehicle-mounted pixels are below 2 m, representing 66 per cent of the total, and the second advantage of the promotion is the demand for high-pixel cameras.
Both the 8m and the 5m pixel cameras have increased significantly, reaching 12% and 11%, respectively, in 2023. China has now started issuing the L3 test license plate, the L3 model will be on the domestic stage, the demand for high pixel cameras will increase further, and the next 8m and 5m are expected to be the leading car sciss growth.
Two-fold, 24%, and three-fold, only less than 1%. Only two front-sighted, two-vision, Aveta 11, are available. Multiple-folds have the advantage of unrecognizable, sophisticated and non-maintenance of the sample database, compared to one-line programmes. Two-eyed visions are based on comparing two.
The difference in the image allows for distance measurements, while the one-sighted vision requires extensive data training to estimate the target distance by comparing the sample information in the database, and there is a problem with incomplete database information that cannot be measured, leading to a higher rate of leakage of the one-sighted visual programme. Auto-smartness requires greater accuracy of visual information, and multi-sighted programmes are expected to become a trend in the future.
Pre-visual cameras in China are dominated by 2 m and below, and high pixel cameras are relatively low but rising. Auto-intelligent-induced pre-video cameras are upgraded to pixels, with 5m and 8m pixel cameras increasing to 14% and 18%. Pre-visual cameras are required to detect further distances and more sophisticated perception content, and pixels require far higher detection distance than the rest of the car. 1m-2m pixel cameras have an effective detection distance of 100-150m, with only 50° viewing angles.
8m pixel cameras can achieve 200-250m detection distances, 120° view angles, with a higher hdr and better light flash frequency elimination function, and better visual capture capability. 8m visions are more intelligent and are expected to become the mainstream of the market. Circus cameras have a high low pixel ratio, lower than the overall pixel level of a car camera.
With 84%, 2m and above, only 16%. The clairvoyant camera is currently being upgraded to 2m pixels. Although the level of pixels is not as high as the level of front, side and back-view, the clairvoyant capacity and the number of bicycles are higher than the number of other cameras.
The number of cameras needed for the asp and the different driving levels of the English-language consultation was calculated from $2.12 billion in 2022 to $4.95 billion in 2026 and 23.61 per cent in cagr. To benefit from the upgrade of the car-mounted camera pixels, the 8m and 5m pixels market space has been brought to a high value before being regarded as the dominant, supplemented by slightly lower-value loops, side visions, internal visuals, etc.
Industry barriers are high, and the Matthews effect is clear. Automobiles have high requirements for stability and reliability of their products, with longer periods of two to three years of certification of car products and higher levels of customer stickyness. According to the icvtank, the car-car-car-cis industry was dominated in 2022 by Ansomy, Weir and Sony, with Ansemé and Weir accounting for 44 and 30 per cent of the shares, respectively, and it is expected to increase to 48 per cent in 2023 and Howe.
Figure 56: Global auto-cis competition pattern 3.2 Deep-farmed cars with a technological advantage leading the country. Howell technology released its first car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-p-v-v-p-v-v-p-v-p-v-v-v-v-v-v.
In recent years, car-car smartness has driven demand for car-borne cis, and companies have used the car area as an important track to speed up the roll-out of car-car-car-cis products by 2020-2023. The company’s performance is expected to continue to improve as the company rolls out the new car-car-car-car-car-cis product.
In 2019, the company pioneered the launch of the first high-end 8mpcis product with lfm ox08b40, filling the gap in the country's 8mp car-borne cis product. The front video camera needed to quickly identify the dark details under different light conditions, accurately capture the images, and the desired dynamic range would require over 130db's eyehdr.
The 140dbhdr product was launched each year, covering 100db to 140db in different applications, and was the lead manufacturer in the country in the production of 140db vehicle products, and was endorsed by the terminal oem.
The led lamp is a pulse-driven exchange that adjusts the bright and dark intensity with a base frequency and a regulated occupancy ratio, and the hdr camera captures the different brightness that can be generated during the opening and closing weeks of an invisible led. To address the pains of the led light flash, the company launched the lfm product in 2017 using splitpixel technology, the country's first cis manufacturer capable of producing a quantity of led flashing problems.
Figure 62: Comparison of lfm technologies 4. Steady growth in the field of security, emerging areas with 4.1 security cis pixel upgrades and increased demand for ar/vr usage
Security is another important area of application for the cis, with the security field gradually increasing its requirements for cis pixels. According to yole, the global security cis market was $1.241 billion in 2022, and is expected to reach $3.280 billion in 2028, and cagr was 14.88 per cent. According to tsr, the mainstream resolution range for cis is 1.3m to 12m. The current mainstream resolution is 2m. But the ratio has been declining since 2022.
As the demand for high-resolution cameras becomes more evident in the field of security, the high-resolution cis penetration rate will continue to increase, leading to the expansion of the secure cis market. Nationally produced cis companies have a higher market share in the field of security, but have a lower product value.
The first two shareholdings are domestic companies, Statwell and Wehr, but in terms of sales, there has been a significant decline in Stewy’s share, and the increase in Wehr’s share is significantly less than in Sony, indicating that domestic firms have lower unit prices for security cis, which are far from being the same as foreign players such as Sony. In the future, as domestic manufacturers move towards higher pixels, the product price is expected to rise.
Aar/vr shipments have continued to climb, becoming a cis-cum-volume market. Prior-stage eco-decorations in content and technical and product definitions are still being explored have led to a decline in ar/vr's output. As ecology becomes more abundant and product definitions become clearer, consumer acceptance is expected to increase, and the volume of statista's output is expected to rise from 10.6 million worldwide in 2023 to 31.06 million in 2027, and the value of cagr is 32.56 per cent.
The main supplier is Sony, where the total cost of 12 cameras is approximately $94, or 6.23% of the total cost of hardware. Metaquestpro carries 10 cameras, the main supplier is Howetech, with a small number of devices supplied by Sony, and the total cost of cameras is about $50, or 8.10% of the total cost of hardware.
4.2 Deep-farming multi-year product matrices are well developed, technological advantages are consolidated, companies have been working for years in the field of security, with product pixels covering vga to 11mp, and new products will continue to be introduced from 2020 to 2023.
As the market’s demand warms, company output and harvests will return to steady growth. To enhance security camera imaging at night, the company has developed near-infrared imaging technology for nyxel, applying advanced near-infrared technology to increase blacking.
By increasing the thickness of silicon, collecting more photons and adding to the surface a special absorbor layer that absorbs the maximum amount of light, so that the photon can be absorbed to the maximum extent possible into the mime, while placing each pixel in a ditch of the interpixel barrier to prevent collusion. The combination of the three techniques provides a longer photo-transmission path that allows sensors to detect more photons and improve the overall performance of the system, as opposed to passing it.
A three-fold increase in the integrated sensor can be achieved. Figure 72: Quantum efficiency of traditional sensors (qe) Figure 73: Quantum efficiency of the nyxel sensor on board (qe)
Figure 74: Effects of traditional night vision sensors Figure 75: Effects of the Night Hawk Nyxel Sensor
The first generation increases 25%, 70% quantum efficiency at 850nm wavelengths, not only 17% above the first generation, but also comparable to the high-specific rgb sensors operating in visible light. The second generation of nyxel technology can further reduce the amount of infrared led, or the same number of led, near the security camera, to capture more bright images. Not only in the area of security, but also in the area of vehicle traffic, it can increase the in-board surveillance of paintings.
Accuracy can also reduce the number of led lamps installed in low-light driving rooms. Figure 76: Quantum efficiency (qe) of second-generation nyxel sensors captures continuing market opportunities in the ar/vr area by introducing several ar/vrciss with product pixel coverage ranging from 0.16 mp to 15 mp.
In August 2022, the world’s first product class cis/evs integrated visual chip ov60b10 was released as a leading industry product, with pixels of 15 mp, sensor size of 1 / 1.2, and a single pixel size of 2.2um. Howell’s technology integrates the three layers of cis, evs, and isp/esp wafer with high accuracy and speed action capture, thus providing a more dynamic and rich image experience.
In 2023, as stocks were gradually cleared, company stocks were back on healthy water levels and consumer electrons were slowly recovering, companies shifted their focus to 50mp products in response to market trends, and the fist product ov50h had already been partially filmed by the owner of the flagship aircraft and would be in the future with the company.
In the case of autociss, auto-driving levels have been rising, and the load of one-car cameras has been increasing, with the build-up of car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-passing pixels, driving car-cis-views to a higher level. The company’s high-pixel-cis product, or upgrading of the beneficiary-car-car-car-car-ca-pho-pixel, is expected to increase further.
The upgrading of the product structure will lead to an increase in the Māori rate. On the security side, companies, with second-generation nyxel technology, continue to work in the medium- and high-end security markets to achieve steady business growth with the advantage of continuously refining the product matrix and technological leadership.
Touch and show solutions: In 2022, as a result of a decline in smartphone sales, companies experienced a sharper decline in contact control and display of solutions and Māori rates, and competition over tddi products led to high inventories. As the smartphone industry warms up, company stock returns to healthy levels, simulation solutions: company simulations consist mainly of power management ic, led backlight drive, simulation open lights, etc., and are subject to downstream applications.
With the slow recovery of consumer electronics, the build-up of motor smartness demand for analogue products, the company continues to enrich its rules-based product layouts to provide a more systematic solution for its customers, in conjunction with the company cis. We expect the core business of Weir shares to be cos image sensors in 2023-2025, and we select the stock listing companies of Stewy and Gekkowi with similar business as possible.
In 2019, the company acquired Howe-Tech and changed its main business, and since 2020 we have counted the market's match to the company's consistent forecast performance, with an average of 44 x, with the current 25-year market performance expected to correspond to 31 x, with 10 x as a standard deviation. Given the growing demand for cis in the consumer domain and automobiles, and the apparent trend of high pixels, we believe that future stock prices will continue to show up.
Figure 77: Market performance projections and our performance projections correspond to 25-year pe) 50mp products are not as good as expected. Companies are now moving in the direction of high-end products, and their performance growth will be limited if high-end products such as ov50h are not scaled up by more downstream cellular manufacturers.
In the high-end cis area, companies are currently in a catch-up phase, and if product replacements are affected, they will be adversely affected in competition. Authors, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, are diligent, professional, independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.