Innovation policy has been catalyzing and integrated clinical poles have grown robustly. Tage Medicine: Chinese Clinical Croleadings, integration + internationalization strategies have driven rapid expansion.
\triangleright has continued to contract the clinical coro area since its inception in 2004, and has developed two main sections of clinical trial technical services (cts) and clinical trial-related services and laboratory services (crls) that provide the full process,
The company has a professional management and technical team, maintains its internationalization and expansion, China’s clinical trials remain active, and the recovery of innovation policy drives the continued growth of the clinical coro industry. Demand is demand-driven, global biopharmaceutical financing bounces back into the ground, and the trend towards recovery of innovation needs is determined.
Qualitative innovation is globally recognized, Chinese clinical trials are still strong, and demand for cro will rise steadily. From the supply point of view, clinical crón markets will continue to expand and penetration will continue to grow, the concentration of clinical cro markets will increase in China in the future, head-scale effects will gradually be highlighted, and leading firms like Teg will continue to grow.
At the policy level, the country attaches great importance to the development of the new pharmaceutical industry, the marginal warming of the pharmaceutical policy, the development of the entire chain of research and development, approval, access, payment, etc.
Research assistant Jobo-Yo, financing of medical investment, recovery of demand, consolidation of domestic leadership, active expansion of overseas markets, efficient management systems to ensure quality of service and profitability
Capacity. 1) Deep-farm core clinical coro services, advanced by high-quality enabling client projects. Companies provide a full-process process of innovative drug and instrumentation clinical research and development solutions, high-speed growth in the number of domestic and international clinical pilot projects, continuous development of registration services, medical writing, medical translation and drug alerts, and continuous upgrading of full-chain service capabilities.
2) efficient progress in co-operation with clinical trials around the ability of clinical trials to deploy a full chain of services. The company’s numeric operations have developed rapidly and continue to push overseas bd and domestic services to sink; the smo service has covered the Chinese Clinical Trial Centre extensively and has made a rapid increase in the number of medium projects; Fonda Laboratory testing and drug discovery and development are two-wheel-drivers.
Building global laboratory enablers, which are expected to recover in terms of income growth as a result of the build-up of production capacity. 3) Internal build-up + external buy-out global service networks, with highly recognized professional teams and quality of delivery. Companies work with more than 1,300 clinical laboratories in the country, and service networks cover most of the country’s priority cities; at the same time, they build up.
A strong involvement in global clinical research, the expansion of overseas business teams and affiliates, and the growing capacity of global services. Companies have established a highly qualified and specialized workforce, with a stronger profit-making power under the light asset business model, a robust up-scaling of hand orders, and high-quality and diversified client orders driving long-term growth in performance.
Investment proposal: The company is the leading Chinese clinical co-sourcing company, which is leading the country in maintaining domestic ownership, while accelerating the opening of overseas markets, and the operational synergies continue to manifest themselves as the distribution of services deepens across the area.
+ Internationalization strategy drives the rapid expansion of the company Tiger Medicines: China’s lead in the clinical coro industry, building innovative ecology in enabling new medicines to develop the entire industry chain. The Tag Medicines Headquarters is located in Hangzhou, China, and is dedicated to providing a full-process professional service in clinical trials for innovative drug research and development.
Through endogenous growth and extended mergers and acquisitions, companies have deployed more than 180 branches and operating networks in dozens of countries around the world, serving more than 3000 global clients, ensuring high-quality delivery of research projects and accelerating the marketing of pharmaceutical products.
The company's operations are divided into two main sections: clinical trial technical services, clinical trial-related services and laboratory services.
Bed test technical services (cts) cover services such as clinical operations, clinical pharmacology, registration and regulatory services, scientific services, medical translation, drug alerts, real world research, third party inspection and training, and clinical trial related services (crls) include data management and statistical analysis, on-site management and testee recruitment, medical imagery and experiments
Corporate services cover pre-clinical studies, ind declarations, clinical trials i-ii, post-market research, process operations, and efficient integration of new drug research and development. Management members are experienced and global affiliates provide multidisciplinary services to clients.
Dr. Ye Xiaoping and Ms. Cao Xiaochun hold direct shares of 20.49% and 5.97% respectively. The co-founder Dr. Ye Xiaochun and Ms. Cao Xiaochun were pioneers in the Chinese clinical industry, with a wealth of expertise, knowledge and leadership, and members of the core management were employed in leading biopharmaceutical companies around the world or in China.
Understanding the challenges and needs of clients in clinical development. The company has a multidisciplinary system of clinical trials, with major affiliates such as Thinking Medicine, Tegtetton, Mesda, Telan Medicine, English Fantax, Hangzhou Simmer, dreamcis, bdm, etc.
The main business was robust, and the share of clinical trial technical services gradually increased. A positive increase was achieved from the significant decline in public revenues in 2018-2023, where the share of clinical trial technical services was largely stable, with companies using a variety of methods to maintain higher profitability. q1 companies in 2024
The operating model gives companies the flexibility to operate at the cost end, which can be controlled at the cost end through staffing adjustments, team-structure optimization, etc. The cost end is now healthy and stable, with a coordinated development of domestic and foreign operations in 2024 q1 administration rates, sales fees, and domestic operating revenues.
At the same time, companies have maintained the strategic layout of globalization and continued to promote overseas team-building and mergers and acquisitions, with revenue from offshore industries falling by 9.62% in 2023, mainly from specific vaccine clinical projects.
2 China’s clinical trial activities remain active, with the policy of medical innovation warming driving the continued growth of the clinical industry at the end of 2.1 policy: the policy of medical innovation continues to warm marginally, the clinical industry at the end of the year.
China’s biopharmaceutical industry has made great strides towards a new cycle of differentiated innovation. China’s biomedical industry has developed through three phases, from imitation to creation.
The pharmaceutical industry has developed innovative research and development through rapid follow-up and differentiated strategies, along with regulatory improvements in drug laws and regulations, and has continued to narrow the gap with developed countries. Since 2021, China’s foreign authorization trade in innovative medicines has increased year by year.
In addition, international cooperation in innovative drug research and development has been increasing, and the Chinese biomedical industry is entering a differentiated innovation cycle.
• Most R & D pipelines are generic or “follow-up” • front-line biopharmaceuticals through “fast-tracking”
• Innovative Chinese medicines authorized to cross-border drug companies abroad are growing year by year, and innovative research and development strategies are being pursued, such as China's global adc production since 2021
• 27 per cent of external authorization of complex structural molecules in the pipeline of the global innovative drug concept validation study (poc) (1)
The development of new drugs with the leading European and American drug companies, continued improvement and regulation of drug laws, relatively low levels of clinical research and strategy.
• The 67 technical guidelines for the period up to 2023 are in the middle of a gradual convergence towards global synchronization of innovation • innovation is still in its early stages and has yet to be nuclearized
The country is fully transformed and implemented into a continuous investment in clinical development resources and capacities.
• Focus on source innovation, global leadership in a differentiated manner — a growing pool of high-quality talent, high-value industry chains, first innovation
For example: 15% of the world’s first drug action mechanism (moas) has been developed and developed by Chinese pharmaceutical companies (2) Innovation in pharmacological policy reform and international alignment of industry standards to create healthy pharmaceutical innovation regulatory ecology.
On July 22, 2007, cfda issued a bulletin on the conduct of self-checking of drug clinical trial data, which became the norm in China, followed by a series of pharmacological reform policies designed and implemented to stimulate innovative research and development of drugs and medical devices.
Convergence International, China joined Ich in 2017. By the end of 2023, China had fully transformed its 67 technical guidance principles, and the drug regulatory system had been brought into international alignment; research and development concepts had evolved over time, and in November 2021, cde published the Guidelines for Clinical Research and Development on Anti-Cancer Medicines with Clinical Values, with a firm “patient-centred” approach.
Technical guidelines, implementation of the concept of research and development centred on clinical values and patient needs, and promotion of more accurate and efficient drug research and development, and long-term healthy development of the pharmaceutical industry. Policies encourage innovative research and development of medicines, and China’s new drug ind/nda declarations are growing rapidly.
The development of the review of new medicines and the series of innovative support policies have led to a significant increase in the development and development of new medicines, as well as an acceleration of the review process, which has led to an annual increase in the number of applications for new drugs in the ind/nda. In 2023, China declared a total of 297 new drugs, an increase of 33.56 per cent over the same period, of which the chemical ind declared 1,778 chemicals and organisms.
The rapid increase in the number of inds/ndas reflects the large number of tubes entering the clinical stage and the increasing need for clinical trials of new drugs.
The Chinese Government attaches great importance to the development of the new pharmaceutical industry, and explicitly supports the development, transformation, access, production, use, and development of new medicines.
In February 2024, the Health Insurance Board published the " Establishment of an Innovative Price-Forwarding Mechanism for New Listed Chemicals " , which encourages the development of clinical value-oriented drugs.
Since April, China, Guangzhou, Chuhai, among others, has issued policies to support the development of innovative medicines, which will promote the development of an innovative pharmaceutical industry of high quality and provide more opportunities for the country’s co-enterprises.
In 2020, the Shanghai Biomedicine Fund was established, with a total target management of $50 billion, and 57 investments were made in 46 domestic and foreign enterprises, amounting to more than $19 billion.
The capital investment fund for the pharmaceutical health industry was signed in Changping, with a total size of $20 billion, and in May it completed a + pilot project for the inflamed organisms, focusing in the future on innovative medicines, innovative medical devices, cytogen therapy, and so on. With the establishment and investment of the multi-terrestrial industry fund, the future financing of the pharmaceutical industry will be much warmer.
2.2 At the demand end: Global biopharmaceutical financing rebounds from the bottom, and demand for innovation rebounds. Global pharmaceutical research and development investment remains active at around 7%, with steady growth in cagr. Global medical r&d spending was $26.5 billion in 2023, driven mainly by large and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies, accounting for close to total research and development spending.
While 80 per cent of the research and development expenditures for biotech, a small pharmaceutical company, are increasing faster, with a capr of 11.7 per cent in 2022-2027, according to frost&sullivan data, global research and development investment in medicine will increase steadily over the future by around 7 per cent, and is expected to reach $337.5 billion in 2027.
24q1 Global Biopharmaceutical Financing has rebounded strongly, and overseas demand is gradually warming. Following the cooling of global capital markets in 2022, biopharmaceutical financing rebounded in 2023, with global biopharmaceutical financing reaching $70.77 billion in 2023, an increase of 17 per cent, according to bioworld;
In 2024, financing continued to grow strongly, reaching $70.9 billion, an increase of 129% over the same year, driven mainly by the excellent performance of ipo, funlow-ons, open finance, and venture investment. China’s financing for innovative medicine is still in the bottom line, and with the introduction of better policies for medicine and industrial investment funds in many parts of the world, it is the product of innovation.
We see that global investment financing will continue to improve, and downstream clients will gain advantage when the funds return, starting with a more definitive line of research at the clinical stage, leading to a healthy growth of clinical cologne. The country’s innovative drug asset bd authorized trade continues to warm up, and the national product in 2023 went overseas to License--
The total volume and amount of authorized transactions out of products was 80 transactions a year, with a potential total of $41.1 billion, an increase of 53%, from China to the United States and the European Union, with 37 innovative drug authorizations, representing 13% of total global un-licensing transactions. China’s innovative pharmaceutical industry is moving towards a new innovation cycle, with a focus on sources.
Figure 16: The number of authorized transactions in innovative medicines from China to Europe and America (number of countries) and the proportion of China’s clinical trials remain strong, and the enthusiasm of foreign applicants for clinical trials in China continues. The number of clinical tubes and bases in China continues to grow, with China’s new innovative clinical trials starting in 2023.
Of the 1710 clinical trials, which grew by 14.4% in the same year, the number of certified clinical test sites reached 1520, with the Chinese base participating in global clinical trials rising to 6.4% and playing a greater role in hosting global clinical trials. The number of clinical trials conducted by foreign applicants in China has increased each year in recent years, from 18.5% in 2023 to 18.5% in the same year.
Mnc continues to expand its own R & D pipelines and to increase its innovative investment in China, and the demand for cro will continue. China’s clinical research institutes will play a greater role in global clinical trials.
4.3% rose to 6.4% in 2023, highlighting its importance in global clinical trials. Meanwhile, China’s enterprises have been active in clinical trials worldwide. In 2018-2023, 1,268 clinical trials were initiated abroad by Chinese enterprises, of which more than 85% were in the field of oncology.
Pi is the leading global ii and iii clinical trial of 12 cases. China’s research institutions and pharmaceutical companies are expanding their influence in global clinical trials, highlighting China’s growing interest in global pharmaceutical research and development. Figure 20: Overseas clinical trials initiated by Chinese enterprises (2018-2023)
2.3 At the supply end: the continued expansion of the clinical coro market, the head size effect will drive pharmaceutical companies to actively seek out-sourcing services for medical research and development, depending on the difficulty of developing new drugs.
Services such as pharmacological efficacy, pharmacogenics, safety and toxicology, bioanalysis, clinical test monitoring, on-site management, data management and statistical analysis. New drug development is characterized by high input, high failure rates, long time cycles, etc.
The global penetration rate of co-sourcing has been rising year by year, and the model of outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development has been mainstreamed. With the increasing competition in the pharmaceutical market and the rising cost of innovation, more pharmaceutical firms tend to outsource research and development.
Clinical research institutions. Global co-sourcing increased from 34.8 per cent to 47.1 per cent between 2015 and 2022, and is expected to reach 54.1 per cent globally in 2025, with 60 per cent in the United States and 52 per cent in China. Outsourcing is expected to exceed 60 per cent in 2030, and the medical research and development outsourcing model is expected to be mainstreamed into the future.
Clinical cro global markets continue to expand, and Chinese markets are growing faster. In 2018-2022, US$ 20.8 billion will remain stable and are expected to reach $10.19 billion in 2030.
The model is $7.4 billion, which is expected to grow from 15.5% cagr to 20.3 billion yuan by 2030. Global clinical co-market concentration is high, and Thai medicine is China’s clinical co-lead.
The industry has developed a stable pattern of competition. The Chinese clinical coro industry is still developing in the medium term and increasing market concentration, and the Thai medicine, as the Chinese clinical cologne, accounted for 13.4% of China’s market share in 2022.
Clinical cro is a human-intensive industry, with a core team of highly qualified employees competitive. The new drug development process requires a large number of professionals to do the work, including programme design, clinical operations, data management, and so on, in recent years.
By the end of 2023, there were 9701, 4186, 2042, 1091 workers in the Teg, Prisc, Nordig, Bozi, etc., with highly qualified and large-scale clinical cra, crc, and other professionals taking the lead.
Teg medicines have been leading the industry. The clinical coro industry has developed for a long time, has developed into an efficient and mature industrial system, and there is still a gap between the country’s head cxo and its head in terms of output per capita. In 2023, the per capita income of Teg medicine reached 761,000 yuan, iqvia and icon per capita income generation.
Annual per capita gain of $209,000, leading the international community.3 Consolidation of domestic leadership, active expansion of overseas markets and efficient management of systems to ensure quality of service and profitability
3.1 Deep-farm core clinical cro services, advanced by the High-Quality Enabling Clients Project Teg Medicines provide process-wide clinical research and development solutions and enable client innovation projects to be efficiently developed. Companies develop integrated service platforms for clinical research on drugs and medical devices, including clinical operations, clinical pharmacology, registration
Services such as legal affairs, scientific affairs, medical translation, drug alerts, real-world research, third-party surveillance and training.
The company’s business continues to expand, and the number of clinical pilot projects has grown rapidly. As clients’ demand for Chinese clinical trials and global multi-centre trials has increased, the number of clinical trials has grown rapidly, and clinical operations projects have outperformed their experience.
By the end of 2023, companies and 31 companies had developed research and development services. Subregionally, China region and overseas projects accounted for 499 and 253, respectively, with a small decline in the number of offshore projects of 2023h2 mainly in Korea and Latin America.
Overseas operations have developed at a high rate, with a “globalization of services + localization of talent.” The company has been actively integrating and expanding its global clinical operations, with 253 overseas clinical pilot projects under way up to 2023, of which 194 are being tested in one region, mainly in Korea, Australia and the United States; 59 are being tested at international multi-centres.
Covering Europe, North America, Asia and the Pacific, and Africa, 15 additional mrc projects and over 127 cumulative projects throughout the year. (1) United States: more than 110 pm and cra teams, 2023 revenues from clinical trials, significant growth in hand orders and more than 100 experience in clinical operations; (2) Korea: dreamcis rules
(b) South-East Asia: more than 70 clinical operations teams, 24 ongoing clinical pilot projects; and (d) Australia: 20 additional clinical pilot projects, continuing deepening cooperation with Australian clinical trial agencies.
In 2017, the company acquired Tegdetón to expand the field of medical devices, offering integrated services such as testing of medical devices, medical inspection, programme design, and medical writing. In 2023, the company successfully introduced six innovative medical devices into the market in China.
The number of active medical devices and vd projects amounted to 465, 33 more than last year; in addition, the company ' s offshore appliance pedal multi-centre project also expanded rapidly, establishing long-term partnerships with more than 2,100 medical equipment research and development and production enterprises in more than 30 countries, covering Europe, Korea, the United States and South-East Asia.
The Namsa China Devices Team has also entered into exclusive and global cooperation with Namsa in the region of China to assist Li company in providing services to more Chinese medical equipment enterprises to sail to sea and expand their customers abroad.
29 projects in the country and 9 projects in China that have been approved for listing, bringing the number of clients to 720, an increase of 71 compared to last year. (2) Medical writing and translation: clinical development strategy advisory teams serve more than 120 innovative drug ind case writings, 25 of which Nda information is available, 10 have been approved, and the US-China double paper programme 15+, have been approved
Eight; medical translation services, with 81 new clients in 2022, 2023, and 86 new clients, will become Asia-Pacific regional-level and global suppliers for several Euro-American multinational pharmaceutical companies, and will in the future develop small models of medical languages and optimize platforms for smart medicine translation and document management. (3) Drug alert: integration with the Croatian martifarm will be completed in 2023.
A team of 150 people has achieved global coverage in the clinical and post-market phases of drugs, equipment, vaccines, cosmetics, etc., with 36 new types of drugs from China in cumulative strength and a total of 134 new clients and 152 new projects in 23 years of drug alert operations.
Figure 35: Number of new drug alert projects, 2020-2023: Introduction of remote smart clinical trial solutions to improve patient experiences while improving data quality. Remote clinical trials (dct) are a shift in traditional clinical research models, using tweakable devices and mobile responses
Remote data collection using program and other remote monitoring techniques, with the participation of the testee in a location outside a traditional clinical centre, has the advantage of efficient data management, high data quality, low clinical costs, patient experience, etc. The company established and applied the dct technology platform in 2023, with 13% of ongoing clinical trials
The use of a combination of remote intelligent clinical research models can effectively reduce research costs by about 30% and increase operational efficiency by 40%, while meeting patient needs and regulatory requirements. Clinical coro operations continue to grow at a high base, maintaining good profitability.
Annual revenues from clinical trial technical services amounted to $4.168 billion, an increase of 1.04 per cent over the same period, with a significant reduction in clinical pilot projects for specific vaccines, resulting in positive growth after the elimination of the project; and a small increase in the Maori rate of cts services to 38.21 per cent, maintaining a high level among domestic and international counterparts, with companies sustaining itself through a variety of mitigation efficiency strategies
Figure 38: Comparable company clinical co-service Māori ratio 3.2.
Services, clinical trial-related services (crls), including data management and statistical analysis, on-site management and testing, recruitment and laboratory services, etc., are coordinated with the clinical cro units to achieve efficient operational synergies. Corporate operations are mainly carried out by subsidiaries such as Mesda, bdm, Hatagger, Hummer Camp Smo operations, Fangda Holdings, etc.
Based on statistical, bioscientific talent and cost advantages, China will gain more of the world’s digital business city.
Field share. The main operations are: 1) data management, including clinical data collection, input, storage, verification, transmission and archiving; 2) data analysis, including the development of analytical plans, statistical analysis and compilation of analytical reports.
Standardized services can effectively improve the quality of data and the efficiency of management analysis by pharmaceutical companies in project development. According to frost&sullivan, the market size of the United States and China is expected to be $4.929 million and $1,524 million, respectively, in 2024, depending on rapidly growing downstream demand and talent and cost advantages, and China Data Management and Statistical Analysis.
The company’s fast-growing operations have continued to push overseas bd and domestic services to sink. Through its offices in China, the United States, Korea, and India, the company has provided data management, biometrics and statistical programming services to global clients.
As a preferred partner in several multinational drug companies, the number of clients reached 340, an increase of 31.27 per cent over the same period. By 2023, the company had more than 850 professional staff worldwide and had completed 306 projects throughout the year, including anti-new coronary Atetwe/Litonaves, Pfizer for the treatment of migraines, pd-l1 alternative.
There are 826 active projects, including 499 in the country and 327 abroad. Companies are also expanding the domestic layout of their operations, starting to sink from the front-line market, and the subsidiary, Teg, became operational in Henan Province in 2022, expanding the capacity and scale of services while controlling costs.
China’s smo industry is at a rapid stage of development, and market concentration will continue to increase. As a professional on-site management organization, smo supports routine non-clinical work by assigning experienced crc to clinical trial sites, it can significantly reduce Pi’s non-clinical workload, thereby increasing overall efficiency and compliance with clinical trials.
The number of clinical pilot projects for internal and external clients has continued to rise, as has the demand for Smo services, which in 2021 was worth hundreds of millions of yuan. In competition patterns, several leading firms now coexist with a number of tail companies, while the size of thecrc has only six Smos of more than 1,000 people, and we expect that as head barriers are consolidated, the future Smo is expected to continue.
As a human-intensive industry, companies have built an experienced and capable crc team of more than 2,700 people.
Over 1,100 clinical trial centres covering more than 140 cities in China, relying on a broad basis of cooperation with hospitals and clinical centres, cumulatively provided smo services for 50 new types of medicines approved in China. In 2023, companies completed 273 smo projects, bringing the number of ongoing projects to 1952, an increase of 331 from late 2022.
Continuous consolidation of China ' s leading smo industry position. Figure 45: Basic stream of services for the Teg pharmaceutical smo. Figure 46: Number of projects completed by company smo in 2017-2023 (numbers)
Fonda Laboratory services cover the pre-clinical to the clinical trial stage, creating good synergies with the company. The company acquired Fonda Medicine in 2014 to expand its laboratory operations.
Pharmacy, adme, dmpk, drug assessment, early clinical, bioequivalency, process development c, etc. Laboratory services include bioanalysis, biomarkers, genomics and central laboratory services.
Fonda Laboratory testing and drug discovery and development are two-wheel-drives, and income growth is expected to recover from a rise in capacity. In 2023, revenue was $260 million, an increase of 3.79% compared to the previous year, with early drug discovery services fully covered.
We expect a gradual improvement in the profitability of 24q1 income as the productivity of companies increases.
In recent years, Fonda Medicine has accelerated the global distribution of capacity and continued to expand its field of operations, improving pre-clinical and clinical services integration platforms through self-building and acquisition. In 2023, the company acquired the Canadian outsourcing firm Nucrotechnics, further expanding its work.
Service coverage in North America; Nmpaglp certification at the Suzhou Security Assessment Centre in June 2023, significantly enhancing the competitive advantage of Fonda pre-clinical research; 89,000 m2 of clinical sample production facilities in Suzhou, partially operational, including oral solid-type workshops, sterile injection-type workshops, etc.; Wuhan Drug Development Centre phase
Initiation of operations, with 50 pharmaceutical chemical laboratories, 4 process research and development laboratories and 1 analysis and testing service centre, providing a full range of research and development services from target-point screening to pre-clinical drug research for small molecules. Revenue from clinical trials and laboratory services are growing steadily, and the Maori rate is under short-term pressure.
The efficiency of the Smo operation has been widely recognized by clients, with $3.121 billion in revenue achieved by thecrls plate in 2023. The pre-cold has led to a significant decline in the growth of Fangda laboratory operations, lower-than-expected productivity rates, and the rapid growth of the low Māori smo income has also reduced the Māori rate of the plate.
Warming, Fangdaq1 income and profitability began to improve gradually, with a recovery in the income growth and Māori ratio ofcrls operations following measures such as the consolidation of cost controls. 3.3 Internal construction + external M&A global service networks, professional teams and hand-overs.
The company has worked with more than 1,300 clinical laboratories in the country, covering most of the major cities in the country. Since its inception, the company has cooperated with more than 1,380 clinical laboratories in China, with domestic offices and with local authorities.
More than 150 networks are operating, covering most of the country’s large and medium-sized cities. To guarantee the quality of clinical research, Tags launched the e-site Clinical Excellence Research Centre strategy, working in depth with clinical institutions to improve integrated research capacity through the introduction of innovative projects, the provision of clinical technical support and the contribution of information resources, as of the end of 2023.
A strategic collaboration has been formalized with 52 centres, with 224 priority collaborating centres throughout the country. Active participation in global clinical research and continued outreach to overseas business teams and affiliates.
The international research and development (R & D) project, which covers more than 30 countries and enables clients, was officially launched in Hong Kong in August 2023, attracting more international clinical professionals on a continuous basis, better coordinating global clinical pilot projects and creating new platforms for companies to expand and grow their operations overseas.
The company started a global business in Hong Kong in 2011, set up overseas branches in Australia, India, Korea, Switzerland, etc., and set up a joint venture in Japan in 2020 to enhance contacts with overseas clients.
In addition to this, companies have been active in the global acquisition of cro firms, in 2013, 2015, 2018 and 2023, respectively, of the United States of America bdm, Korea dreamcis, Romania popera, and Croatia martifarm, actively integrating operations and upgrading global service capabilities.
High-value talent teams and high-quality delivery capabilities are the core competitiveness of companies. In recent years, companies have recruited, trained and stocked a large number of high-quality talent and have adopted a highly regulated quality system to ensure high-quality project delivery, bringing the number of company employees to 9701 by the end of 2023, 89% of whom are project operators;
Look, there are 1,632 overseas employees who support the efficient operation of global clinical operations. Tags, as a clinical coro, has a typical light asset business model, with fixed assets and construction in progress accounting for around 3% of total assets in 2023, which is significantly lower than cdmo and pre-cro.
Structurally, direct human costs are the main cost expenditure of Tag, with direct labour costs accounting for 51.5 per cent of the total cost in 2023, compared with 33.2 per cent of the cost structure, dominated by human costs, which gives companies greater flexibility to adjust quickly to market changes by optimizing the personnel structure and safeguarding industry's leading profitability.
Figure 60: Disaggregated biocosts as a share of income between 2015 and 2023. Firmly raised hand orders, high quality, and diversified client-driven long-term growth. Companies have a stable and diverse client base, with 7 major multinational pharmaceutical companies and 14 listed companies among the top 20 clients.
With a 2.1% increase in the same year, companies are expanding their stock of customers both domestically and internationally, including through price strategies, and continue to drive their future performance. Tags has a diversified portfolio, deeply involved in innovation in pharmaceutical research and development.
New biopharmaceuticals and medical equipment start-ups made a few equity investments, with a portfolio of 170 companies and 55 funds in the medical sector at the end of 2023, with a book value of $10.29 billion. In 2023, they generated $353 million in revenue from changes in public commitments, $338 million in investment returns, and successful strategic investments made a net view of the company.
4.1 Profit projection assumptions are separated from operations
As the financing of pharmaceutical investment recovered in 2024, the whole chain supported innovation, the policy of home-grown medicine innovation, and the demand for clinical co-markets will gradually recover. The company, as a domestic clinical leader, continues to expand its market share, and it is expected that the company will achieve revenue in 2024-2026.
1) Clinical trial technical services (cts): Clinical end demand is expected to continue to improve, firms accelerate the globalization industry layout, overseas operations are growing rapidly. In 2024-2026, clinical trial technical services are expected to earn 2) related to clinical trials and laboratory services (crls): Ito integrated operations layout, smo,
The rapid development of operations such as the Standardized System and the growing size of specialized teams at home and abroad, with projected revenues of $35.89/43.07/5211 million from the 2024-2026 clinical trial-related services and laboratory services, are projected to increase at a cost rate of $35.89/43.07/5211 million, respectively: as the cost-side controls of companies progress, the cost rates will improve.
We've chosen Nosg, Priss, Bozi, Medicine, Sunno and, as comparable companies, 22 per cent of the average of comparable companies in 2024-2026, with high industry barriers, high domestic market ownership and domestic demand, respectively.
Recovery, the gradual improvement of corporate business layout and the acceleration of the internationalization process, with greater growth potential at the income end; and, at the same time, the firm ' s positive improvement in cost-side performance, with a return to rapid growth at the profit end. Moreover, as innovation policy becomes more beneficial, the company is expected to earn investment gains and continue to make business transformation from its investments in innovative pharmaceutical industries.
The company, a leading Chinese clinical co-sourcer, is a rapid expansion driven by an integration + internationalization strategy that accelerates the opening of overseas markets while maintaining domestic ownership at the forefront.
Synergy continues to manifest itself. We expect a reduction in demand from 2024 to 2026 when companies achieve operating income. 1) The success of companies depends on the number and size of service contracts with clients, benefiting from the growing global pharmaceutical market, an increase in their research and development budgets and an increase in their willingness to outsource.
The slowdown or reversal of this trend may have a negative impact on the demand for corporate services, and the reduced demand for outsourcing of biopharmaceutical research and development services may have a negative impact on the company’s operations, financial position, business performance and prospects. 2) Overseas policy risks. Companies are biopharmaceutical research and development industries, and their operations or services are usually subject to.
In recent years, governments have continued to improve policies and regulations in the bio-pharmaceutical sector, and market regulation and access controls have been strengthened. At the same time, macro-factors such as international political fluctuations and changes in trade policies have had an impact on firms’ overseas operations.
External operations are relatively large, and negative changes in overseas policies may have an adverse impact on corporate performance. 3) Business expansion risks. Companies anticipate future business growth, plan to expand service coverage and increase global impact by upgrading and upgrading services and technology, optimizing branding, marketing and marketing, and recruiting,
Training and managing staff costs a lot. If companies fail to effectively manage and implement their strategies, they may face a major impact on business expansion failures, operations, financial performance and performance. 4) The risks of technology overlap.
Technology development depends on the advancement of many technologies and the introduction of payloads. Companies have mastered many of the most sophisticated technologies and built a growing pool, but cannot guarantee the development, upgrading or adaptation of new technologies and methods, which may lead to outdated technologies and services.
5) Risks of a changing financing environment for the industry. The stability of the company’s operations is closely linked to the continuing R & D needs of downstream clients and its ability to pay, given that the main clients of the industry’s services include a large number of small and medium-sized companies, such as biotech, whose R & D inputs and cash flow are more sensitive to the volatility of the financing environment.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.