The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies (CEE) has a short-term impact, focusing on post-epidemic rehabilitation and content online, and repeated outbreaks and slower macroeconomic growth have put pressure on advertising and members and operators to operate robustly.
1) Advertisements: 1h22 revenue of 2,163 million yuan/yoy-31.15 per cent, mainly due to slower economic growth + recurrent outbreaks, which led to a down-swing in advertising; 2) membership: 1h22 revenue of 1,858 million yuan/yoy+6.48 per cent, mainly due to price increases + high quality content pulls, including Congregation N Generations such as " Leaking the Wind 3 " , " Unsavourable Voice " , etc.
"A rich stock of content, a focus on 2q22 fine content " , a review of the performance of Mango super-media, 2022.4.25, and other new stories, such as " Young People 2 " , show some resilience in the case of the epidemic and confirm the company's content.
3) Operators: 1h22 revenue of 1.206 billion/yoy+19.31%, which continues to grow steadily.
3. q3: Q3: Quality performance, increase or deepen. 4. 1h21: Focus on q3 brother, local price increases for members + increasing income for members; 3q22 " Big breakout 4 " aired.
Bros with thorns, and daughters in love, are expected to be on the line for the second half of the year, and the reserve of 2h22 is expected to remain rich, and Arpu is expected to rise with the new price coming into effect on August 9. In the long term, the serialization + blast content production capacity is strong, and the content power provider is expected to bring elasticity to its performance.
The ability of the company to create a high-quality philanthropy is evidenced by the new-to-shock-to-continuing-to-end-the-art approach, and the introduction of the derivatives is further exploiting the value of the series of philosophies, which will continue in the future with a relatively high degree of certainty, especially in the case of the art; and the $1h22 consumer earns $945 million.
Won/yoy+1.43%, the epidemic is going to grow in reverse and may become a new growth pole in the future. Wz1 content regulatory risk; risk of recurring effects of the epidemic on business and content production; long video market competition
An analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market, after which an average of the final ratings is calculated as an average market investment