In the first half of 2022, the Mango Supermoment (300413), the semi-annual evaluation of the epidemic and the high base affected the first half of the year's performance, leading to an upturn in the top-line q2 performance ring. In the first half of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $6,714 million, a 14.5 per cent decrease in the same year; and it achieved a return.
The decline in performance was due mainly to the impact of the epidemic on the progress of content production in terms of market value in circulation (million yuan): and to the higher base in the previous quarter.
In the first half of the year, the core mangotv Internet video business received $5.227 billion, a decline in the same amount.
11.36%, q2 received 2,759 million yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 11.81% in the ring. The advertising industry has an impact on the environment. The company has intensified advertising and content innovation linkages to create a full-link marketing system with a web-based pip at its core.
The highest ever in the year 2021, "The Mango Super-Mongo Study" (300413), "Books" created a new level of advertising and placement in Mangotv TV dramas.
The revenue is 1.858 billion yuan, an increase of 6.48%, and the average monthly activity of mangotv has risen steadily, increasing the stickyness of users and fee-paying conversion rates, and expanding channels in collaboration with a number of vehicle companies on screen video services. Operators have generated 1.206 billion yuan, an increase of 19.31%.
The Media Internet Sector Strategy Report 2022, which raises revenue for entertainment content production and operations, shows a decrease of 50.29% in the same year.
During the first half of the year, the mini-man power provider completed the replenishment, strengthened its collaboration with the mango rings, and built a closed-door “Context+V+Electrator” and pushed forward the Media Sector Strategy Report 2021 of the National Dollar Securities Industry Study: Leisure.
The evenings of "The Little Man of the Year" and "The Clouds of the Xiaoqing" have led to a breakdown in content, a shift in consumption, an incubation, a strong demand, and a “Man's brand” 2020.12.17, which has now expanded to more than 500 state-run suppliers, creating multiple product lines.
This report is presented independently, objectively, with due diligence and professionalism. The data that I promised to report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.