Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz): The epidemic affects the advertising industry.
Event: Mango Supermix (300413.sz) published on August 18, 2022, 22 q2 Multi-Cultural Performance Growth.
With business income of $5.227 billion for 22h1, 11.36 per cent for yoy, 22q2 for the first quarter, the Mango super-media has continued to increase its content input, and the S-level Multi-Cultural Programme, “Showing the Wind” 3, “Singing the Wind: The Hong Kong Play season”, has contributed to the performance development of 22q2.
Advertisement is under pressure from macroeconomics and the new crown epidemic as a whole and is concerned with corporate recruitment. \triangleright yoy-31.5%, mainly because of the high base of advertising income plus macroeconomics and new coronary lungs during the same period
Inflammation has caused the advertising industry to decline. 2) Innovative mechanisms have helped bring back the business: In the first half of the year, the Division launched "Spill the Wave 3" ads with 27 co-clients, a brand-new show called "Softs Up," with 10 brand sponsors, company advertising and content.
Innovative mechanisms have helped to establish a cross-platform recruitment system with a web-based pip at its core. Corporate operators have performed better than expected, achieving business income of $1.206 billion, yoy+ \triangleright
19.31%. 1) Outside the province: Corporate operators have covered 31 provincial administrative areas, covering over 341 million users. Mangotv continues to deepen cooperation with China on mobile operations in large screens, 5g innovation, etc. 2) In the province: Mangotv actively explores with three major operators
The integration of members with operators' interests and channels has continued to promote the overall upgrading of the “Hunananiptv” to the “Mango Grand TV” business and branding strategy, with members performing reasonably well, achieving operating income of 1,858 million yuan and yoy + 6.48 per cent.
\triangleright, according to questmobile, the daily average of 22h1 mangotv and the monthly average of active users has risen steadily, with a monthly average of 250 million mangotv and yoy + 21%.
Mangotv raised membership prices twice, and member arpu is expected to increase.
(c) The integration of the media and the expansion of the two-way platform “Hunnan Watch + Mangotv”.
Programmes: In the first half of the year, the company started 36 comprehensive art programmes (of which two-platform or custom-made programmes are 33) and steadily produces high-quality, integrated n-generation products.
The “Mango monsoon” is based on the dominant social culture, focusing on reality, exploring diverse issues such as urban work, family emotions, and skepticism, and has been on the ground for the first half of the year.
In summer, the wife’s choice, a year without a job, and so on, is a collection of five great pieces. In short, the company concentrates on 7-10 minutes of quality content, and in the short play “Don’t think, don’t know,” the appliancer’s business is growing faster.
Together, the business sections of the entire Mango Circle accelerate the construction of the " Content+Video+Electrator" business shut-downs. 1) Promotion of content: Xiaoming integrates the two-platform high-quality ip resources, introduces the theme "Small Man's Day" and the theme "Yun Xiaoming", enhances user interaction and pulls consumption shifts
2) The incubation of commodity selections: Man brands has expanded to over 500 country-bound suppliers of goods, making up many commodity lines such as costumes, make-up, tidal games, numbers, pets, camping, etc. 3) Electricity suppliers: happy purchasing of traditional power suppliers actively seeks to transform their business and leverage Internet access
At the same time, using supply chain building as a core to explore the distribution of goods based on supply chain services. Mango vision City vr platform is online, bringing together virtual communities, content browsing, and game experiences.
On June 28, Mango cosmopolitan products, Mango Figuring City, were launched on major vr platforms, such as pico, Aichi, and Nolo.
Like, 2.5 dollar concerts: (3) game module "Gorg Island", slg shooting game, answer questions, touch-car-like little social games; (4) entertainment media entertainers in place, fans vr meeting, virtual concerts, etc. Virtual digitals, virtual musicians k, Vince, small
In summary, the company's performance in the first half of the year was in line with expectations, and in the second half of the year, there were "Standards 2" (online on August 19), "Sung-in-the-Sung Island season" was a promising event, and the show was called "Big Big."
Song Ho-hyun, Hu-tung, First priority, Long River, etc. are on the air. According to Wind, the company's net profit in 22-24 was 24.1/28.5/3.28 billion yuan, Mango's Vr platform followed up, and Mango super-millery was the leader of the new wide-electric media platform.
Risk factors: continued tightening of content regulation, less than expected growth of advertising revenues and customers, the epidemic, business progression below the line, and risk of macroeconomic volatility.
B.A. University Management. From 2016 to 2021, he worked on Skywind Securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electronics, etc., as well as the third most important feature of the meridium. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.