q2 q2 performance ring improvement, continuing quality content-driven performance growth Mango supermix (300413.sz) 18/08/2022
• High base and epidemic performance pressure, good quality content-driven performance growth, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings. Companies issued semi-annual reports for 2022, with 2,722h1 achieving operating income of $6,714 million (same as -14.5 per cent) and a net return to the mother of $1,191 million (same as -18.0 per cent).
The same downside, on the one hand, because of the higher performance base, such as 2021h1 Quarter 2 Queens on Waves, on the other hand, or because of macroeconomic and epidemiological effects, the advertising industry has suffered a decline, and the focus on the arts sourcing and the performance of entertainers has also been significantly affected.
High-quality content drives sustained performance growth and maintains a “buy-in” rating. • Head-to-art uplinks bring about an improvement in the q2 performance ring, with a smooth profit and cost ratio = 3,591 million yuan in operating income for 2022q2 (6.6% of year-on-year, ring + 14.9%) and a net return
The profit is 683 million yuan (+0.8 per cent year-on-year, ring +34.6 per cent), the growth of the performance ring or the delay in the impact of the epidemic on the q1 priority q1 integrated art programme, while the q2 " Surviving in the Wind " 3 " , among other things, has led to an increase in advertising and membership income. 2022h1 has achieved a Māori rate of 36.3 per cent (1.44 ptt).
• A rich store of content, actively exploring the landscape and applications of the meta-cosm innovation to provide the basis for long-term growth, with a cumulative daily broadcast of over 1,288 million, with a special mastery, "Scaffron 2" set to go online on August 19, followed by "Quality q2" starting to go online, or to drive it.
The stock includes "The Inference Starts " and "See Love Two." In addition, in June, the company launched a meta-cosm product, which has increased its performance - a report on the update of company information. The product, Mango Figuring City, a digital showroom, virtual performances, digital people, etc., took many forms of meta-cosm innovation.
We believe that quality content remains the core growth driver of the company, and that the advertising business is expected to continue to warm up through the fine-tuning of membership, in line with the rise in advertising marketing and the internal Māori rate of " brother " or " q3 " , combined with innovative networking and joint recruitment mechanisms.
In cooperation with the enhanced outreach, the platform's membership is expected to continue to increase with the arppu.
"Advanced in advertising, special art show, continuing to make high heat -- company updates."