The Mango supermedia published its mid-2022 report, with a total of 6.71 billion zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn in the first half of 2022.
The dollar (a 14.5 per cent decline in the same year), the parent profit of $1.19 billion (a 34.6 per cent decline in the same year) and the core mangotv Internet video ring, increased by 11.8 per cent.
High base impact, 2022 sob as to increase the return-to-mother profit ring ratio, respectively.3 Immediate performance ratio growth, net cash flow from operating activities of $650 million. Mangotv, the core business of the company, received $5,227 million in Internet video in the first half of 2022
Won (a decrease of 11.36 per cent in the same year, or 78 per cent of the total), but 2,759 million yuan in the single quarter (an increase of 11.8 per cent in the ring); advertising and membership income in the first half of the year was 41 per cent and 36 per cent of the Mangotv Internet video business, with a higher proportion of income.
(a) A 31.15 per cent decline over the same year, a 6.48 per cent increase over the same year for members, and a 14.5 per cent decline in total revenue from a higher share of advertising income;
Mango SuperMechanism (300413): Quality in 2022. 31.15%. The decline is mainly due to the high base added to the exposure of the advertising industry.
Member cards such as film cards, ip-fixed menus, continuous enrichment of the membership equity system, increasing the rate of conversion of membership fees, operator revenue of $1.2 billion (a 19 per cent increase over the same period), mangotv actively exploring the interests of members and operators in collaboration with three major operators
The media is deeply integrated into a strong content ecology policy at the end of the 14th cultural plan, which emphasizes the building of content as its foundation.
Innovative media practices, modes of communication and modes of operation, with institutional advantages and market roles to enhance mainstream media competition; and firm-level initiatives to create a deep integration of mango ecosystems to further strengthen quality.
ip resource team advantage, continued building of core competitiveness in high-threshold and long video areas, a multi-art production team, 29 video production teams, 34 New Mangang project strategic workers, studios, creation of a national head content production think tank, 36-stage comprehensive arts festivals in the first half of the year
In the first half of the year 2022, Mango tv series was shown at the forefront of the show "Swipe by Wind" and "Sung by Voice" at the top of the show.
The Division's content ecology is further consolidated, with follow-up polytechnics of 2022, such as "The Romance of the Wives, Travel 6" "Seeing Your Lovers 2" and so on.
In the first half of 2022, the mini-mangang power provider completed the replenishment, introduced the flow of funds needed during the strategic breeding period, consolidated the two-platform high-quality ip resources, built the Mang community and strengthened it.
User interaction; company explores new entrances to smart cars, mangotv has worked with car companies such as pelicans to explore car-car screen video and entertainment suits; broad-based smart car platforms are the latest extension of the Mangotv membership service
The value of the combination of culture and technology is much more competitive than the value of mangos in the next form of transmission, based on the master's step-by-step search for the restoration of new business, and the industry's leading product.
A card advantage and a two-platform quality content ecologic, with a "buy-in" investment rating, new business exploring less risks than expected, film and video productions unreviewed risks, performers with their own factors posing potential risks, less-connected programming risks, talent stream.
The new consumer group in the media presented the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in business, November 2021, with the China Bond Securities Study.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Division will not consider recipients of this report as clients. It is reliable, but it does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.