Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Mango supermedia released its semi-annual report for 2022, which was influenced by the high base compounding the epidemic during the same period last year, with a year-on-year decline in performance, but with the epidemic being effectively managed in high-line cities
After the second quarter, the company's second quarter performance ring improved significantly, with 2022h1 achieving revenues of $6.71 billion, a 14.5 per cent decline in the same year, of which Mangotv's Internet video income was 14.9 per cent, of which Mangotv's Internet video revenue was $2,759 million, an 11.8 per cent increase in the ring; and the parentage.
Net profits of 683 million yuan, an increase of 0.82 per cent in the same year and 34.6 per cent in the ring.
In the first half of the year, high-line cities were disturbed by the epidemic, while in a state of economic weakness, brand parties continued to have a low propensity to advertise, with companies earning 2,163 million yuan, a decline of 31.15 per cent. Ctr, qm, in the first half of 2022, the advertising market was more popular than the previous year.
In a context of pressure, the size of the Internet advertising market has fallen by 2.3 per cent over the same period, and the domestic advertising market has fallen by 11.8 per cent over the same period. In the first half of 2022, companies went on to 36 full-blown festivals in the first half of 2022.
According to the Cat-Eye industry, the total number of airtimes available to date is 6.03 billion, the number of advertising partners is 27, the number of clients is running the six-month market, and the number of customers is still running.
In the film and video area, Foods has accumulated a total of 2,381 million, while it has created an advertising agency for Mangotv TV and the creation of a newcomer for advertising, with a sustained ability to export quality content to protect its members from price.
1. Alibaba-sw (9988.hk): Consumption rules complement each other, profits are expected to be purchased this season, and companies continue to build a series of products and deepen the impact of the ip, reflecting a stronger inner dimension.
In addition, in the first half of the year, Mangotv went on line with a total of 78 films of all kinds, of which it was important.
A wide audience is reached. With the promotion of high-quality work, the company's members' business gained visibility in the first half of the year.
The number of active users has grown steadily, on average and on a monthly basis, per capita use is in the industry ranking for long periods of time per day. 4. Light media (300251.sz): Real-life vision is relatively advanced. The company is expected to continue its membership price-raising cycle in the future, while the company is high-quality.
The apex, the animated field of “quality, quantity” and locking down the industry, the ability to export will partly offset the demand of members to raise their prices, and protect members' business from benign development.
5. Fast-hand-w (1024.hk): 22q2 forward looking, 5g innovative business with China ' s mobile cooperation continues to deepen, the operator ' s business has steadily increased steadily, the flow has increased steadily overall, and the live operator has shown resilience.
Mangotv is the only local competitor in the Internet video industry with iptv and ott's license plates and has achieved full end coverage, the first real video medium in the entire industry.
Fields, covering more than 341 million users, with 1.206 billion yuan recorded in operating income from the operators of the company 2022h1, representing an increase of 19.31 per cent over the same period. At the end of its operations in Hunan province, the company is also actively exploring the effective integration of the services of its members with the interests of its operators.
• There's a good stock of content, and the company's performance is expected to warm back in the second half of the year.
The fourth season of escape was aired on an exclusive basis on July 14th and has now reached a total of 1.309 billion. In terms of time concerts 2, silent life: Bo Island season, Seeing Lover 2, wife's romantic tour, 6, daughters in love, 5, and so on, it's also expected to be online during the year.
In July, the summers of the State of Wei and the Youth Group 2 were aired, with a total of 948 million and 34.84 million, respectively, with the launch of the 20th Distinguished 2 on August 17th, and the major dramas such as the Song Hoshi 2 and the Chuan River are also expected to be launched during the year.
• The Mandarin business will be structured in a multi-faceted manner, integrating high-quality resources and exploring new paths for power suppliers. In the electric business section, Man, as a vertical content business platform for young people, will become a strategic part of the company's important development. During the first half of this year, the Mandarin company completed the Replenishment Facility.
There was rapid business development and rapid integration between the various sections of the Mango biosphere, while Man consolidated the high-quality ip resources of the two platforms, built the Mang community, launched a number of thematic evenings, such as "The Clouds Xiaoming" and, in the case of commodity selections, Man hatched the "Man brand", to date.
With over 500 branders now working together, a number of commodity lines have been created, such as costumes, make-up, tidal games, digitals, pets, and camping, and the strategic layout has become clear. Sustained macroeconomic pressure; repeated epidemics; less than expected demand for advertising; competition in the industry
The Internet company, the financial and industrial complex, is well placed to study vendors in a combination of industry and investment perspectives. The third crystal ball in 2015 and 2017, using information on legal compliance, are presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.