(a) Mango Super-Mechanism 22h1: q2 performance improved significantly in the second half of the year; Mango Super-Memorial published performance in the first half of 2022; 22h1 operating income of $6,714 million, or 14.5 per cent;
The net profit is 1,191 million yuan, corresponding to 18.0 per cent; the net profit is 1,095 million yuan, corresponding to 23.9 per cent. The first half of the year was characterized by excellent performances in the form of home-made mastery, and the monsoon theatre series was relatively flat. The second half of the year was marked by a significant improvement in the q2 performance ring, with Mango tv advertising revenue. q2 operating income of 3.59 billion yuan, q2 yuan.
The same ratio - 6.6 per cent, the ring ratio + 14.9 per cent, the mother ' s net profit of 683 million yuan, the same ratio + 0.8 per cent, the ring + 34.6 per cent. Sub-operability, Mango tv Internet video business, 22h1 earned 5.227 billion yuan, the same ratio - 11.4 per cent, of which the advertising revenue was 2,163 million yuan, or -31.2 per cent, and the membership income was 1,858 million yuan, or +6.5 per cent;
In the second half of the year, more focused content will be aired, and higher performance is expected. q3-q4 will be higher.
On August 19th, they will be on the line "Scope 2" and on September, they will be on the line "Scoffs 3" and "The Band's Coast" and "The Star's Promises" and q4 will be on the line.
We expect the company's advertising revenues to be higher than q3-q4 and its members' payments to be driven by high quality content and overall performance to be lower and higher.
Q3 is expected to perform best and with a high degree of certainty.
Given the impact of the macro-environment on advertising and the consumption of its members, we're downgraded to Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc., which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Members grew less than expected; advertising was placed less than expected; regulation was over-expected; and competition in the industry increased. Media: digital media Mangotv billed on advertising, with a marked improvement in the q2 performance ring. Company business income of 22h1 was $6,714 million, a 14.5 per cent decline in the same year.
The net profit of the mother was 1,191 million yuan, a decrease of 18.0 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the non-repatriation of the mother was 1,095 million yuan, a decrease of 23.9 per cent in the same year; q2 operating income, by branch, the Mangotv Internet video business received 2,227 million yuan, a decrease of 11.36 per cent, or 77.9 per cent in the same year, of which 2,163 million yuan, or a decrease of 31.2 per cent in the same year, mainly because (1) the advertising base was higher during the same period in the past year.
Incorrection of position; 2) Overall demand in the advertising industry has declined as a result of macroeconomic and epidemiological effects. Members earned 1,858 million yuan, a 6.5 per cent increase in the same year. Operators earned 1,206 million yuan, a 19.3 per cent increase in the same year, maintaining a steady growth. Mangotv Internet video business earned 2,759 million yuan, a 11.8 per cent increase in the ring.
22h1 New media interactive entertainment content production revenue of $490 million, a 50.3 per cent decline over the same period; companies are actively promoting the full integration of their subsidiary artists, brokers, and music copyrights. Content electricians are earning $945 million, an increase of 1.4 per cent over the same period. Mango-made amphibious art remains outstanding, and monsoon theatre shows are relatively flat.
There was an increase of 16 by the same amount, 24 by the Internet and 8 by the television mix. As a result of the suspension of such big hot idols as "Young has you" and "Creating Camp", 22h1 has seen a 36% drop in the overall effective broadcast of the new season on the Internet, 25% by the Internet and 46% by the same date.
Mangotv has the highest self-made mastery, with a single broadcast rate of more than 90%, while the other three platforms have a single broadcast rate of 52-60% and 8-19 percentage points higher than Piti.
In the first half of the year, there were six exclusive programmes that went into the network with an effective number of Top20s. These included the 7th season of the C.O.I., " On the third season of the wind break " , " Friends listen to the 2nd season " , " Our Forensic season at the beginning of the job " , the innovative show " Voice is alive " , and the derivative " Our Lives Hot " .
On May 20th, the third quarter of the windbreaker went on, thus contributing less to Mango excess performance of 22h1 and the main income increase is expected to be in q3. According to our statistics on the mangotv website, the third quarter of the windbreak has outperformed the first and second seasons in general: the same full air cycle (first up front to one week after the last one), the third quarter front station aired 5.99 billion, and the third quarter front.
In the second and first seasons, the number of live broadcasts was 4.63.460 billion, respectively. 78 films and films were produced in the first half of Mango tv, with a focus on 18 films and a small 48 series of the Great Mangang Project. According to cloud data, the first half of Mango tv's series was more effective than the first half of the year, but it was more effective than last year.
Six months have gone down. In 2021, q3 and q4 successively launched " I'm good in my hometown " Twelfth Second " Sleeping Gardens " and better-bringed works, and since this year, the monsoon theatre has produced dramas like "Eat with you at dawn " , "A Year without Work " , "The Choice of Wives " , "The Forgotten Times of the State of Zhang " , in which the "Engyo Dawn " focuses on women.
Realistic topics with a better reputation, but with a more comprehensive approach, the overall airing of the monsoon theatre in Mangotv during the first half of the year was less than normal.
In the second half of the year, Mangotv will show more highlights, expected to perform lower and higher. In the second half of 2021, entertainment content regulation will be strengthened, with six months added.
The epidemic has been repeated, affecting the pace of content production and distribution, and Mangotv's main art, such as "Singing the Wind" Quarter 3, "Flammation" Quest" Queens and Young Boys Camping Season (Hunnan Watch Production) Q2 has been on the line since late q2. q3-q4 will have more creative art, Mingn generation and derivatives on the air: August 19 will be on the line, "Standing the Strings Second Season" , and August will be on the line.
In September, it was planned to launch a two-part programme, The Seaside of Bands and The Stars (Hunan Vigilance), and in October, it was planned to launch a six-day romantic journey for wives and a second quarter for lovers, and a q4-by-the-mortex derivative, which was planned to be broadcast. The Soulless Island Season is now planned to be launched early next year.
On the other hand, the monsoon theatre was followed by "The Disappeared Child" (suspended Crime), "The Anomalous Doctor" (Professional, Realism), "The Orphan of Mars" (Sci-fi), "The Sun", "The Son of Song" (Golden Juice), etc.
In the first half of the year, the company completed its capital enhancement unit, which will be followed by the introduction of external capital.
In addition to this, and with a view to the development of the technology and content over the longer term, the company has proposed the Metacosmos Project: Mangotv will construct the Mango cosmopolitan architecture from three dimensions: “Interact, Virtual, Cloud Rendering,” with results such as virtual hosts, arcosystems, interactive video frequency platforms, and an enhanced video repair and enhancement platform.
The social platform, Mango Figuring City, has recently been launched on major vr platforms such as Pico, Aichi, and Nolo. The integration of Hunan Watch and Mango tv is continuing, and it is expected that content resources will be shared in the future on meta-cosm products.
The year’s performance is expected to be higher and lower, with the best and higher certainty expected for the q3 quarter. Given the impact of the overall macro-environment on advertising vendors and member consumption, we still have a more competitive advantage and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)