Mid 2022 Mongo Super-Mongo (300413.sz) 24 August 2022: Reconstructed second quarter performance, second half
Mango super-media incident: Mango super-media released in mid-2022: during the reporting period, the company achieved $6,714 million in revenues, and it is a new medium under the banner of Radio and Television Hunan.
Together with Hunan Watch, the industry and capital platform form a two-platform-driven, media-friendly development pattern within the mango ecology.
The tv integrated media platform is the main position, with the platform playing a good role in responding to external shocks, and its performance has been restored in the second quarter. In the first half of 2022, the company achieved a two-wheel drive concept of a collection of content and core autonomous technology.
The core Mangotv Internet video business generated $5.227 billion in revenue, a decline over the same period.
Impacted by factors such as the high base and the downsizing of advertising owners during the same period last year, companies have responded positively to industry debt and cross-equity presentations: challenges, through enhanced mechanisms for advertising marketing and content innovation, and innovative joint recruitment mechanisms, among others.
The way it's going to break down is through projects such as Windbus 3 and the Soundless Hong Kong Leather Season, which are driven by the increase in the rate of conversion of membership fees and the expansion of membership base; companies are working with major operators, particularly China, to increase the complementarity and advantages of their resources and to drive the growth of their businesses in comparison with the growth of their revenues.
19.31 to 1.206 billion yuan; 490 million yuan, a decrease of 50.29 per cent in comparison with the previous year, for the company's new interactive media content production business, as a result of the epidemic, among other factors, as well as the increased focus on the platform's own development;
During the reporting period, the size and efficiency of MMP users were effectively increased, and the traditional power suppliers were happy to buy, and the business of the company content traders was actively engaged in the transformation process, with a sound growth of their business and a favourable outlook for the second half of the year, as the epidemic improved, macroeconomic repairs were made and " Bros with thorns " 2 (August)
The company’s business is expected to warm up further, including through such important projects as "Long Rivers Down" and "Long River Down" . Māori rates are further repaired and cost controls are strong.
Effective controls were put in place on the side of the cost of tolerance production to enhance the effectiveness of project output and enhance the export of blast products. In 2022 h1, the company ' s Māori ratio was 36.3 per cent; in 2022 q2, the company ' s Māori ratio was 37.0 per cent; ring content end, the company was committed to creating mango deep integration ecology, expanding the advantages of the two platforms and magnifying them.
Platform value. By the end of the reporting period, the dual platform had a total of 48 polytechnic production teams, 29 video production teams, and 34 strategic workshops for the New Man Plan.
New business, such as hard core business, and Xiao Man, has been expanded. Companies realize their content through membership + advertising + multiple operators, maximizing content value: on the one hand, companies help their users by improving their operations by improving their sophistication.
Retention, promotion of membership fee conversion rates, Mangotv's first-ever comprehensive-multicultural programme, “Pre- and post-casting” Multi-multicultural matrix, introduction of pre-sale, post-sale derivatives such as Welcome to Mushroom House, “Happy Back to Work”, innovative introduction of film cards, ip-defined set of cards, etc., continued to flourish through a breakdown of content preferences
The rich members' rights and interests system in the East; on the other hand, the expansion of channels and cooperation with China's mobile, pelican, car and far-fetched partners to launch products and services for their members, effectively raising their income levels and broadening their membership base.
In the first half of the year, the Mangs have completed the Replenishment Unit, strengthening the operational team, the supply chain system, the post-sale service system, the technology platform, promoting synergies between the Mangs and the business sections of the Mango Circle as a whole, and accelerating the construction of the commercial closure of the content+video+electrics.
Incubation of the “man brand” and expansion of more than 500 country-bound suppliers of goods, which have developed into many commodity lines, such as kimonos, make-up, tidal games, numbers, pets, camping, etc. Profit predictions and ratings: company content self-contained advantages are strong and have the capacity to produce quality content on a continuous basis.
As the resources of the two platforms deepen further, it is expected that the entire business chain will be optimized. The company’s performance during the first half of the year will be constrained by external factors, and it is expected that, as the external environment improves, the company will respond proactively to the adjustment, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Not as much as expected: (4) progress in the production of the contents of the epidemic. Mango super-magnets (300413.sz) reported in mid-2022: two quarters of performance has been restored, operations are expected to continue to warm in the second half of the year.
East Hing Securities reported that Mango Supermix (300413.sz) reported in mid-2022 that performance had been restored in the second quarter and that operations were expected to resume in the second half of the year.
The East is a source of financial and intellectual growth: a web-based, short video, long video, live, music, and audio books, and an Internet-based development of life-services, with the United States company at its core, covering catering, tourist accommodation, automobile services, etc.
I'm going to study at the heart of the study, track the progress of the various businesses and competitors, cover the network community, short videos, long videos, digital reading, etc.; I'm going to track the development of the Internet in the service of life, with the Corps at the core, covering the course of the service, such as catering, tourist accommodation, etc.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
In mid-2022, Mango supermedia (300413.sz) reported that performance had been restored in the second quarter, and that operations were expected to continue to warm in the second half of the year, without ensuring that there would be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.