In mid-2022, it was reported that the competitiveness of the main sector has continued to improve, and the external environment is expected to improve on a quarterly basis. 2 External pressure continues, but the ring ratio has improved significantly.
ISP 2022h1 achieved revenue of $5.227 billion, a decrease of 11.36 per cent, and q2 earned revenue, an impact on the advertising industry. However, members’ and operators’ revenues increased, with Māori rates for Mangotv's Internet video business rising by 0.65 pct to 43.47 per cent.
Content incubation continues to evolve, supporting the company’s long-term development.
The screening index was ranked highest in the industry; the airing of Wave 3 was more effective than in the previous two seasons, advertising 27 co-clients, and the first half of the year's multi-cultural market. The mini-fiction was also hatching, with the number of "Invisibles" showing more than 600 million.
The ability to quality content is constantly evolving, and short-term external pressures do not affect the company’s long-term development logic. Actions such as power generators, layout digital collections, etc. are expected to expand the ip-disposal approach.
In addition, the company has started a digital collection based on the mango tv light chain.
The digital collection platform was launched in March, with the launch of the food itemsnfr personal cards and the related digital collections of the windbreaker 3, and the company's layout is expected to open up a high-quality ip-disposal space in this area.
Report & Quarterly 2022: Epidemics Division has 48 polytechnic production teams, a significant increase from 26 at the end of 2021, which is a public short-term disturbance and a continuous increase in competitiveness.
The quality content is an important support for the growth of corporate users, the development of advertising, as macroeconomic warming, the expected improvement of advertisers, and the further consolidation of internal resources.
Mango Supermoment (300413): In 2021, three people thought that the worst point of time was over, and that the pace of performance growth in the second half of 2022 was expected to be repaired.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the impact of short-term macroeconomic and business adjustments, we will be positive, and the restructuring of the business structure will help Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, to have the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.