It is proposed to conclude a cooperation agreement with Silver Loong to create a new growth point in the industry under the signature of Lee Woo-hoon, who is to sign a cooperation agreement with Heung-hoon, a related transaction that is yet to be submitted to the Shareholder Conference for consideration.
Participants: Sun Jia-chwan, in collaboration with Sang-hoon, is aimed at cutting new energy vehicles, storage energy and battery-making equipment and building new industrial growth points. The two sides are to sign a Cooperation Agreement, which will be made of smart equipment, molds, and casting.
In the same conditions, one side gives priority to purchasing each other’s products and services. The total amount does not exceed $20 billion over a one-year cycle.
\diamond acquired the core titanium titanium titanium battery technology from U.S.A.T.T.T.T.T.T. technology, and then acquired the full vehicle manufacturing capability from Open and Middle Bo. Silverlong's core technology consists of a negative material of titanium nanoditate.
Lithium ion batteries, which have a significant advantage in agility, safety, life cycle, and fast-loading, mainly because of low energy density. The market for pure electric buses continues to expand, and the city’s share rises, with silver bellons growing rapidly.
\diamond, in 2016, produced 35,000 electric buses in the country, compared with 25.8 per cent in the same year, while other competitors in the area of new energy buses weakened following the sanctions imposed by the Ministry of Trade and Communications on new energy vehicles.
In 2016, Silver Long achieved sales revenue of $7.9 billion, compared to +104.7%, with a net profit of $840 million and a net profit of +100% (data unaudited). Silver Dragons have developed seven mpvs of pure electric power, long-distance passenger cars, and their performance is expected to increase.
In the post-real estate cycle, the corporate air conditioning industry will remain high. According to industry online data, 9.92 million air conditioners were sold in January 17, +16.8% of the year (4.56 million of the year ' s total, +61.5% of the year ' s total) and 2.83 million of the power, +32.2% of the year (1.68 million of the year ' s total, +61.5% of the year ' s total).
During the first half of the year, it was expected that the company's major air conditioning industry would outperform market expectations.