The first quarter of 2021 realized business income of $34.766 billion, an increase of 86.72 per cent over the previous year.
Total $6,479 million, an increase of 65.54 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of $3,371 million, an increase in the same year, respectively, 9.06 per cent and 9.27 per cent, respectively, in the sale of home-grown coal in 2020, with a fall in the price of coal towing coal Practice number: $1500520100002
In 2021, the price of q1 coal increased by 16.40% over the same period, and the driving industry increased significantly, exceeding our expectations.
RMB/t$0.80/tonne increase in the same year, an increase of 0.38 per cent, largely stable. In 2020, the coal industry achieved revenue of $92.038 billion, an increase of 30.34 per cent; costs of $6.6778 billion were incurred, and transport costs originally charged to sales were adjusted to operating costs under the new revenue accounting standards.
The impact of increased trade in coal sales has resulted in an increase of 61.05 per cent over the year; a Māori rate of 27.44 per cent, an increase of 16.40 per cent; a double increase in coal prices, with companies earning $32.679 billion \triangleright from coal sales during the quarter
The Trust Project “Single Funds Trust for Investment in the Western Trust Xiaoqiao-Zucock Industries” closed and disposed of $4,738 million in investment earnings from long-term equity investments by Sindh Securities Co. Ltd.; 2.73 billion gain/loss on fair value changes
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., 4.70 times higher than the previous year, mainly for the fair value of trust assets.
The great success of the investment, with the firm achieving a net return profit of $14,883 million, has increased significantly over the same period \triangleright shareholders, and the attractiveness of the investment is evident.
The Circular on Shareholder Return Planning for the next three years (2020-2022) states that “no less than 40 per cent of the distributed profits realized in the current year and not less than 4 billion yuan per year shall be distributed in cash each year” in 2020.
Shares are written off, amounting to 305 million shares, or 3.05 per cent of the total equity stock of the company, and profit forecasts and investment ratings: profit forecasts are raised to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The profitability of the Xiangxi coal industry is expected to pick up in the face of a stable domestic situation and sustained economic recovery as the capacity of the mine released and the size of capital expenditure dropped, the build-up of the Hoji railway led to an increase in the demand for downstream coal.
The profit is distributed in a way that is not less than 40 per cent of the profit available for distribution that was achieved in the same year, and the amount is no less than the risk factor: one is the macroeconomic downturn, the price of coal falls sharply, and the Sanhogi railway \triangleright
He has been a member of the pool of experts of the China Sunda Energy Advisory Corporation and has served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (which chairs) for more than a decade as research consultant in coal and energy-related fields, and has chaired the “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning,
From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy plates. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business and Industry Management, People ' s University of China, May 2017.
The component is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.