In mid-2018, G.E.E. reported an increase of 31.5% in the same year, and net return to the mother of $12.81 billion, an increase of 35.5% in the same year. Companies experienced higher growth in real income during the reporting period, with the second quarter increasing at the same rate as the first quarter.
In the second quarter, the company registered a 31.4% growth in revenue. In the first half of the year, the country’s air-conditioning industry was characterized by an increase of 19.8% in retail sales in the first half of the year, depending on the regional structure, China’s mainland region grew by 38% and abroad by 12%.
In terms of market position, GIFC ranks first worldwide at 21.9 per cent; in the central air-conditioning sector, GAF continues to run at 17.03 per cent.
In the first half of the year, the corporate Māori rate fell by 1.9 percentage points compared to the same period last year. Regional structure shows a 3 percentage point decline in Māori in mainland China, a 5.8 percentage point decline in Māori in foreign operations.
The company’s cash flow improved significantly over the same period last year, largely because of the poor cash flow during the same period last year. This year’s improvement was due to a marked decrease in current inventory compared to last year; a marked increase in other business-related cash received this year compared to last year; and a smaller increase in deferred income tax assets than last year. The company’s medium-term advance payments decreased considerably compared to the same period last year.
The main reason for this is the significant increase in domestic sales in the first half of the year and the higher number of advances from distributors, which resulted in a decrease in pre-encumbrances. $113.1 billion in cash available to companies, which remained almost equal to the same period last year: deferred income tax assets of companies compared to the same period last year, three, profit projections and investment proposals
1. Summary Report for Gravity Electricals (000651), High Performance Growth, Further Red Scale Up 2. Summary Report for Gravity Electricals (000651), Termination
The acquisition of Silver Long, the Glylon power is still on, the air conditioners are starting in a cold year, industry sales are continuing, the company's financial statement data projections are consolidated.
Marko, graduate from the University of Nankai, in 2011 to study strategy studies. From 2014 to the present, he has been transferred to research in the household electricity industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,