The industry continues with a strong growth in corporate performance, G.E.S. (000651) 2018. The company issued a performance report for the first half of 2018. The company achieved gross operating income of $92.005 billion, an increase of 31.40 per cent over the same period the previous year; and total profits were earned.
15,304 million yuan, an increase of 36.80 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 12,806 million yuan, an increase over the same period in the previous year
In the first half of 2018, after benefiting from the effects of the three or four-line post-real estate cycle and the increase in the market coverage of air-conditioning in rural markets, the air-conditioning market continued to grow strongly against a high base during the reporting period. According to industry online data, the total volume of air-conditioning sold in the first half of 2018 grew by 14.30% on a year-on-year basis, at the top of the growth rate of electricity and so on, with sales in companies rising by more than 15% on a year-on-year basis, performing well.
The central air-conditioning market’s share of the lead industry has expanded again. Glycerine has been growing since 2012, when it first broke the dominant pattern of foreign brands.
According to the Central Air Conditioning Industry Development Report for the first half of 2018, the GLAC continues to dominate the central air conditioner sector at a market rate of 17.03% compared to a market share of 15.42% for the year 2017, which has increased by 1.61 percentage points.
Prices of raw materials and exchange rate factors push the Māori rate down, and the gross sales spread stabilizes. Sales costs fall by 2.09 pct in the first half of the year, combined with the impact of the recovery policy and the scaling-up of sales during the reporting period \triangleright with high prices of raw materials and a high average settlement rate of the renminbi.
Figure 1: Total profits, Figure 4: Income per share
Figure 6: Net profits Source of Eastern financial intelligence Figure 10: Sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs
In the context of the high base of the air-conditioning industry during the reporting period, a relatively good growth rate was maintained, coupled with a better growth space in the industry itself and firm corporate leadership within the industry, which led to rapid growth in corporate incomes, increased profitability and slightly higher performance than expected.
Table 2: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance and Excellence
Number five. The 2014 million information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts Accurate Real Estate Industry Number Three."
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.