Server leaders, i-i bring new opportunities for development, mainly South-West Securities Research and Development Centre * Server operations, with a significant increase in overseas operations.
The demand for servers has increased as a result of the rapid development of artificial intelligence. For subproducts, servers and components are 70% long; for the end and bulk systems, 60.5% less than the same year. For sub-regions, there has been an improvement in operating cash flows in the country, and inventories are on the rise. The Māori rate for company h1 was 7.7% in 2024.
For sub-products, the Māori rate for servers and components was 7.7%, a decrease of 3.6%, and the operating cash flow of the division was -4.5 billion yuan, an increase of 13% over the previous year, an improvement over the operating cash flow of the same period; in 2024, company h1 had a stock of $31.91 billion, or 50.5% of total assets.
The growth of artificial intelligence brings with it the need for arithmetic, driving a rapid increase in the demand for ai servers, which, according to idc data, is the size of the global market for ai servers.
As a leading domestic server company, the company actively promoted the landing of al+, and in 2024, the company joined with Intel to issue a universal server; while as a leading company in the field of liquid cooling, the company continued to roll out the whole field of liquid cold products and promoted the development and innovation of liquid cold technologies.
The domestic server industry is the leader, al leads the industry, the deep-farming server industry for over 30 years, focusing on technology development. Wave information is the world’s leading IT infrastructure product.
Since its inception, the company has focused on technology development and development. In 1983, the first wave of microbes was born in Jinan, marking a wave that became one of the country’s first brands: in 1993, the company developed China’s first small machine server: in 2010, the U.S.
The Division launched China's first autonomous cloud operating system; in 2023, in the context of the rapid development of large models and generating artificial intelligence, the company responded to the trend by building a large all-brai model numeracy system to promote innovation in areas such as smart computing, open computing, green computing; and in 2024, the company fully upgraded its “meta-brain” brand and fully deployed the artificial intelligence track.
The company has now grown to be the second largest server provider in the world and the largest in the country. Figure 1: Corporate development history. Corporate products cover a wide range of servers, leading the world in areas such as servers, storage, etc.
The servers include universal servers, humans, industrial intelligence servers, and peripheral servers. In the context of the green transition and the "doubt carbon" goal, the company achieves the server's full-line product, which supports cooling fluid cold, with the company's liquid cold server having the highest occupancy rate in China in 2023; the company owns the complete storage product.
Products and solutions, including, inter alia, all-mortality storage, mix storage, distributed storage, and the top three of the world ' s top market holdings in 2023. In terms of open networks, companies provide a new generation of high-performance exchangers based on open principles, and self-researched uxos network operating systems: companies use “smart computing” as a strategy to introduce multi-aai uniforms.
By 2024, the top five shareholders of the company were Wave Group Ltd., Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., Wah Tebrey Deep 300etf, and Alfonda Deep 300etf.
In addition to the 300-temperature shares of 31.9 per cent, 1.7 per cent, 0.8 per cent, 0.5 per cent and 0.4 per cent, respectively, the Shandong State Asset Investment Holdings Ltd., which is controlled by the State Finance Committee in Shandong Province, holds 48.5 per cent of the shares of the Wave Group Ltd., the largest shareholder of the company, and the Shandong State Finance Committee, which has indirect control over the wave, has become the actual controller of the company.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure (h1 up to 2024) Professional and experienced management of corporate leadership. The Chairman of the Corporation, Mr. Peng Chiu, has served as Vice-President, General Manager, Deputy Managing Director, etc.; Vice-President, General Manager of the Corporation, Deputy General Manager of the Corporation, Vice-General Manager of the Corporation, etc., and Corporate Leadership Management
The increase in revenue of 24.460 billion yuan was 58.8 per cent in the same year, and the increase in revenue was due to an increase in downstream demand and an increase in server sales; the net return profit of H1 to the mother in 2024 was $600 million, an increase of 90.6 per cent over the same period in the previous year, of which q2 to the mother in 2024 was $290 million, an increase of 152.2 per cent in the same year, and the profitability of the company gradually improved.
The annual Māori rate for corporate servers and components has remained stable at around 10 per cent; the combined Māori rate for company H1 in 2024 has been lower than the 0.4 pp increase and the overall cost rate for the company has been declining, indicating an improvement in the internal management capacity of the company. From the amount, the operating cash flow has improved and the inventory is growing.
Companies achieved net inflows of operating cash flows; in 2024, the operating cash flow of company h1 was -4.5 billion yuan, an increase of 13 per cent in the same year; the company's inventory was $31.91 billion, or 50.5 per cent of total assets, an increase of 10.8 pp. The increase in inventory reflects to some extent the assumption that three costs fell slightly each year and the R&D cost rate remained stable.
The risk is exacerbated by the fact that the sale of the one server does not meet the expected risk, the downside risk in the domestic economy, and the competition in the industry, and Noro will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.