♪ Myshengsecurities ♪ ♪ At the top of the wave of arithmetic ♪
The global ai server industry is a well-deserved leader. Wave information was created in 1983 as the Shandong Computer Services Company, the first microcomputer in China was developed in 1983, breaking the foreign monopoly in the pc domain and setting the stage for the development of the domestic IT industry. The company has been in existence for six consecutive years since 2017.
China’s server market is in the top position, while the global server market continues to rise. According to idc, the global server company maintained 9.1% during 2023q3, the world’s second largest. 24q2 revenue is historically high, profit elastic or undervalued.
\triangleright loss, loss of credit impairment, which in turn affects the net profit level of the corporate statements.
Strong supply chain management and delivery capacity under the \triangleright 1)jdm model, company and core customer Internet vendor
The collaborative roll-out of the jdm model has resulted in a significant reduction in the overall server process from R & D to delivery, further consolidating the central advantage of the wave as a server leader. In the context of the “deficit core” of global supply chain shocks in the first quarter of 2022, companies quickly sense downstream customer demand and complete large quantities of raw materials.
At a very short notice, a large number of orders were placed to meet clients’ needs, creating a new high in the company’s history in the first quarter of the year. 2) Many years of leadership have created solid upstream-downstream partnerships.
They are deep partners, with companies working together to develop the latest generation of server products through a long-term and deep partnership with the server industry chain (both offshore and offshore chip producers), downstream (domestic and foreign: q2 harvests over-expected growth, profit elasticity or low-growth large cloud producers);
Wave information (000977.sz) reports performance for the 2024 semi-annual period3) further widens the effect of the “River of the City” to capture the trend of server development.
The opening up of Internet customers, the firm's leading position in the field of servers, and the effect of scale are beginning to grow higher by 2024/07/10, and the firm's net interest rate has been rising for many years, while maintaining excellent cost control.
Wave information (000977.sz) for the first quarter of 2024 has remained close to 3 per cent in recent years; advantage of scale has ensured continuous corporate investment in the ai area and maintenance in the ai service rating: performance has exceeded expectations, contract liabilities & inventory has increased by upscaling
The technological preponderance in the field of instruments, the early implementation of a strategic plan for “allin lactose cold”, the company's liquids 2023, and the annual report of wave wave information (000977.sz) 2023: Cold servers account for 37 per cent of the country's top priority.
\triangleright 5. Wave Information (000977.sz) Company Incident Review: The City Division is expected to benefit fully as a domestic arithmetic pole, and there is still room for improvement in the current valuation.
\triangleright 1 globalai server is a well-deserved leader of 1.1 China's server industry.
China’s IT’s front-runner is now in China’s first server. Wave information was created in 1983 by Shandong Computer Services, which created China’s first microcomputer in 1983, breaking the foreign monopoly in the pc domain and setting the stage for the development of the domestic IT industry; then, the wave’s predecessor developed China in 1993.
The first small machine server, a breakthrough of zero to one, was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange main board on 8 June 2000. At present, the company has grown into an absolute leader in the domestic server industry, with wave information servers accounting for the second largest market in the world and the second largest in China, according to idc 2023.
Figure 1: Wave information development, backed by the Shandong State Finance Committee, with stable equity structures. Corporate shareholders are wave groups, which ultimately exercise real control over them.
Cloud data centres, cloud service big data, smart cities, and four major industrial clusters of smart companies provide the products and services of their own to more than 100 countries and regions around the world.
There are three chairpersons, Zhang Jian, who served as chairman for 10 years from 2012 to 2021, and two presidents from July 2021 to today, Wang Eundong and Peng Chiu, but both of them were moved within the Waves Group, following the group ' s spirit of stability and adjustment.
(b) Wang Ndong, born 1966, a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering;
Chief Executive Officer, Deputy General Manager of Server Products, Current Deputy General Manager of Wave Group, Chief Scientist, Success, Shenzhenhua for Technology Software Company.
Head of Production Development, Waves, Head of Marketing, Switchboard and Corporate Communication Products, General Manager of Server Industries, successively in Wave Information.
Minister Jinmkt; Deputy General Manager, Chairman of Board, General Manager, etc. Peng Chul entered the Wave Group in 1995 and entered the group at the end of 1996.
As early as 1991, Wang was involved in the development of China’s first suit, the Beijing Markets Department of the Wave Company, and in 1997 as a company’s market agent. In 2008, Wang Ndong led the development of 32 roads.
On 14 September 2012, in the company ' s 5th Board of Directors, the 11th Deputy Manager of the Company ' s Division, in 1998, the server industry market plotted a high-end tolerance fault system, making our country the first country after the United States and Japan.
At the meeting, Zhang Jian was elected as head of the company's board of directors and, in 2000, as head of the market board of the server industry, three countries with the capacity to develop key applications.
Wang Eundong 1.2 Product Matrix: Forward-looking layout, ai, liquid cold, leading position, wave information has several server lines, such as common, peripheral, artificial intelligence, and liquid cold.
(b) In the area of artificial intelligence servers, including gpu servers, management platforms, supporting multiple mainstream accelerator cards and
Lead depth learning framework, flexible adaptation to business scenes; on marginal servers, product support flexible deployment with low-capacity, more environmentally adaptable features. Figure 3: Wave information stan main product lines
Wave information stan product line Universal server: Wave latest, combined with high performance low energy consumption, is running for the first time in a industry 100 billion models. Wave Information Eco-partner conference (ipf2024), wave information is co-published with Intel.
Operator nf8260g7, the first time in industry that a server is running a large model of 100 billion parameters supported by a generic processor. The unicoded server nf8260g7 supports four intel to strong processors in 2u space, with an ai acceleration function with an amx (advanced matrix extension), an internal storage bandwidth of 1,200 gb/s, full-chain upi main line interconnectivity.
Even, the transmission rate is as high as 16gt/s, better able to meet the low delay requirements of the hundreds of billions of models. For example, during the llm simulation process, model response speed can be significantly increased, with the vomiting rate increasing by up to 2.7 times.
The server nf5468h7, which supports eight double-wide ai acceleration cards, will be of great help once the output is delivered. nf5468h7, which achieves full gpu eco-adaptation, adapts to the wave of arithmetic development. Supports mainstream open-source frameworks such as pytoch, tensorflow, paddlepaddle, etc., meet model development, model training, etc.
Applying needs. And its extensive eco-adaptation allows Nf5468h7 to be compatible with a variety of national mainstream high-end ai chips that can provide large model training, image recognition, intelligent referral, voice analysis, quantification of a number of core application scenarios, such as intelligence centres, party politics, finance, communications, etc.
Liquid cold servers: China was the first country in 2023 for wave sales and stock markets. According to idc, in 2023, wave liquid cold servers sold $520 million, with a market share of 36.8 per cent; in 66,000 shipments, with a market share of 40.9 per cent, in 2023, both sales and deliveries of wave liquid cold servers were in place.
At the product level, the whole stack of liquid cold products, including liquid coldit equipment, wind coolit equipment, liquid cold secondary, data centre infrastructure, etc., as well as ongoing innovations such as fully liquid cooler cabinets, air cooling units, data centre product units, etc.
At the system programme level, the full life-cycle solution for liquid cold data centres is being provided, with the construction of a green energy-efficient data centre turn-key project for all-round households; and the development of the largest IDC production base in Asia, with the construction of a full chain of liquid cold intellectual capacity for research and development, testing, production, product control, delivery, and annual production.
New item nf 5180g7 was released in 2024, with the first 50-degree E.L.T. server reducing electricity spending by 50% per year. Nf5180g7 became the first service provider in industry to support immersion cold 50°C E. Nf5180g7 is an ultra-density server with performance, density, expansion in 1u space.
Sex maximization design, supporting two of the top 64 core 350w state-of-the-art Intel to Power Extendable processors, with 32 ddr5 memory units with the highest performance of industry stored in parallel and 4 single-wide gpus. Edge computing servers; first in China for four years in a row, with 48 per cent of the city in 2023.
In 2023, idc data kept China’s margin counting market growing at a high rate, a 17% increase from the previous year. The wave, the information edge computing server, was the number one in China for four years, with 48% of the city running the Chinese market.
Power and innovation have built the "4+3+x" pantry family, which includes four large edge computing hardware product series, three major management software, and solutions such as the edgeai, cloud edge synergy, super-integration.
Arithmetic performance, supporting the fifth generation of Intel to the powerful processors, with intel to the intel to the accelerators, with a significant 21 per cent increase in average performance compared to the previous generation, and the bottom of the server industry cycle in 1.32024
In 2024, companies achieved a single quarter of 24,457 million yuan, an increase of 59%, and a single quarter of the same. Thanks to a misalignment in the Chinese-American arithmetic investment cycle, China reached its peak in 2024.
Indicators such as contractual liability & inventory foreshadow the company’s performance even further. Wave 201 information contracts have made a huge effort to prepare for a significant increase in server orders, reaching an all-time high of $31.9 billion up to 24h1. Both forward-looking indicators are sufficient evidence that the wave has fully benefited as a server’s flagship.
Cost controls are good, account management is further enhanced. As the volume of revenue increases significantly, companies continue to maintain good cost control, with 2024h1 selling, managing, R & D rates of 1.7%, 0.7%,
3.3 per cent continued to maintain excellent cost control capacity compared to 23 years. At the same time, in the context of a significant increase in revenue, the company further enhanced its accounting period management, with a turnover of only 49 days of accounts receivable from 2024h1, the best level since 2019.
In 2024, the Internet, at the heart of the demand for arithmetical power, had a low Māori rate for related businesses, which in turn had an impact on the overall level of Māori representation. On the other hand, because of the increase in the number of items in reserve and receivables, the company raised a large amount of impairment of assets and credit impairment losses in 2024h1, which in turn had an impact on the net return on corporate reporting.
Rainfall level. The projected impairment loss for the entire year as the company completes its server delivery and collection of receivables in the second half of the year is shown in figure 22: The relationship between the single-quarter net profit on wave 2020-2024q2 and the impairment loss (billion dollars)2 to the peak of the global server cycle and the build-up of domestic intelligence.
2.1 Market review: Global and Chinese server industry review, global perspective: server industry has a certain cyclicality, with two rounds in 2018 and 2022. Review of global server market performance over the past 10 years, overall market size has increased from $50.9 billion in 2014
In 2023, $136.2 billion, or 11.5 per cent of the total. The volume of shipments increased from 9.23 million in 2014 to China ' s regional perspective: the market grew at a high rate, with an accelerated trend in 2023. Looking back at China ' s server market, the size of the market grew from $6.8 billion in 2014 to $30.8 billion in 2023, and over the past 14-23 years.
With the rise of mobile Internet, the server market is showing an accelerated growth trend. In 2023, China’s server market grew by 13%, thanks to the emergence of new technologies brought about by big models and marginal calculations, reversing the slowdown of the last three years, which is enough evidence of China’s server market’s turning point.
2.2 Share of server producers: The wave has grown to a global top2 server vendor, reviewing changes in server market patterns, and the wave has grown to become a global server leader. Reviewing changes in global service market patterns, it can be seen that wave surges since 2017 have continued to increase market shares, and
The company then continued to take the lead in the market. According to idc, the wave continued to take the second place at 9.1% of the city, and China was the second largest in the global server market pattern.
Looking back at the competitive pattern of the domestic server market, the tides are strong. Focusing on the domestic market, the 2020-2022 wave information was 35.6%, 30.8%, 28.1%, respectively, in the server market, but despite a certain decline, it still accounts for the second largest market share over 10 pct.
The decline in short-term city occupancy rates is also somewhat relevant to the customer structure, and the wave of Internet producers as the main customer and the cyclical construction of arithmetic capacity is expected to raise the company ' s share of the market if Internet computing capital expenditure warms.
2.3ai Servers: In the age of arithmetic, the future growth focus of the server market is one big model age, the gpu server is more adapted. 1) Data parallel computing angles, where traditional servers are mainly based on cpu as the provider of arithmetic, but there is a need to introduce a large number of branch jump interruptions in the process of operation.
It does not meet the needs of the 'i ' age; the 'i ' server provides arithmetical power mainly with gpu and its isomers, can process and process a large amount of data and meets the need for complex calculations of the 'i and ml ' algorithms for a large amount of data. 2) From the point of view of storage capacity, the 'i ' server usually has a large amount of storage space and memory to store and process a large amount of data.
Data network capacity, with high-speed and low-delayed network connections, to allow for the rapid transfer of large amounts of data. The global i server ratio has increased significantly, with the i server in 2023 accounting for about 18.21% of the market space. 1) From the global market size of the ii server, the global ii server market is based on idc statistics.
In 2022 it reached $19.5 billion and is expected to reach $34.7 billion in market space with 17.3 per cent cagr in 2022-2026, i servers are expected to grow well beyond the overall server market. 2) In terms of their overall share of the server, i servers have increased rapidly in sales, and in 2020, i servers are on the market.
On the field, only 12.32 per cent of the total, according to idc, a total of about 18.21 per cent of the total number of Ia servers in 2023, and 2.37 million worldwide, and cagr in 2022-2026, accounting for nearly 9 per cent of the total number of servers, an annual increase of 38.4 per cent is projected for 2026, i-servers.
The volume of goods delivered was 2.37 million, or 15 per cent. The market was 15 per cent. 1) According to idc, China ' s accelerated server market reached $9.4 billion in 2023, a 102 per cent increase over the same period. 2) Artificial intelligence is now completing specialities such as image recognition, voice recognition, etc.
Designing tasks towards developing human intelligence levels and achieving self-learning, judgement and creation. Based on training in big data and continuous fine-tuning of models, large models of artificial intelligence have a more precise implementation capability and a more powerful landscape that can be mobile and complex for artificial intelligence in such combinations as metacosystems, urban governance, health care, scientific research, etc.
In particular, Chinese companies recognize the value of generating artificial intelligence for faster decision-making, efficiency gains, optimization of user and employee experience, and will continue to increase their input over the next three years. idc projects that by 2027, China will have an accelerated server market of US$ 16.4 billion.
The market size of the non-gpu server will exceed 12 per cent. Figure 35: Size of the Chineseai server market 2022-2023 Figure 36: Size and forecast of the Chineseai server market 2023-2028
China ' s accelerated server market size (millions of United States dollars) 2.4 demand-side disassembly: cloud producers are the main demand for servers worldwide. China ' s market: Internet and telecommunications operators are the main demand side of the server market, the size of Internet procurement
In 2022, Internet cloud producers contributed 44% of the market demand, followed by operators, finance, and the government’s main downstream customers.
One server has become the focus of the Internet and the operator's procurement needs. With the wave of generation of one server, it has become difficult for a universal server to meet the growing demand for arithmetic. A dedicated service for the one scene should be created, and technological innovations around calculating energy consumption, such as liquid cooling for the server, are becoming more mature and driving tourists.
Households, especially cloud producers and operators, have taken the initiative to deploy this type of program. Global ai server: 20234 large csp accounts for 66% of global high-end a server purchases. According to Trendforce, the main global cloud service provider (csp) in 2023 was still the owner of the ai server.
In 2023, four major csps, microsoft, google, aws, meta, accounted for about 66% of global demand, and it is expected that the demand for four major cloud producers will remain above 60% in 24 years. Chinaai server: according to Xyzresearch data, Internet vendors account for nearly 50% of the demand.
+Telecom operators are more concentrated, with a combined share of nearly 70%. Large domestic interconnection plants have increased significantly, and China has experienced a steady increase in the wave of construction of the ai in recent years, with 47% of Internet purchases in 2022, followed by the 3.1jdm mode of operation, where the wave has the capacity to supply the industry’s leading supply chain.
The jdm model (joint design of manufacturing) is the model that the wave uses in supplying servers to domestic networked customers. The jdm model does not simply sell products to customers, but works fully with customers to involve them in the design, development and delivery of server products.
According to idc, the tidal jdm model is an extension of traditional odm, extending design, development, manufacturing and supply chain operations to advanced architecture design, hardware and software customization (integration and optimization) oriented in collaboration with clients and partners. Customized products and client involvement in the development design process.
Each year, more than 30,000 new configurations, new product reviews, and more than 9,000 changes in product design have been completed. Since the digitalization and intelligent transformation, the wave information innovation cycle has been compressed by 50% and the product has been on the market.
A 50% reduction, 87% efficiency in electronic material management, and 54% improvement in the efficiency of the validation evaluation of configurations. The research and development week for a new product is compressed from 1.5 years to 8 months, with clients requesting a maximum of three months to deliver a prototype. Production: super-intelligent warehouse is operational, aws system is automating production support. Wave information servers
The smart factory issued the supply requirements for order production, the warehouse management system (wms) was broken down as soon as it was needed, sent to the operating equipment, and the stacks of the intellectual 3D warehouse, hundreds of metres away, were quickly activated. From more than 45,000 items, it took an average of 120 seconds to select exactly the variety of materials required, and then an automatic steering vehicle.
(agv) lift-up material to be delivered accurately to the plant within three minutes. Figure 41: Wave Information Super-Skull Smart Repository is operational. Delivery: As jdm deepens, the delivery cycle has been reduced to 5-7 days. Wave information can be used for customers.
More than 200 products, with more than 115,000 configuration options, supply chain management is the most complex in the industry, such as more than 6,000 hard disk types, close to 2,000 main plate models, and about 17,000 cable lines. In server smart manufacturing, there are more than 45,000 different types of material available. At the same time, wave information delivery weeks.
Cloud plants add up to R & D, produce, deliver, and produce intelligent production across the chain. R & D, production, services are intelligent in vertical chains, and there is a transversal aspect of intelligence, namely, cloud plants.
There were 14 former factories across the globe, located in 14 manufacturing bases around the globe, which had globalized cloud-based production, all equipment connected to workshop clouds, and the entire process managed by cloud management. Diagnosis of clouds, equipment clouds, industrial clouds, quality clouds, and delivery clouds, which were interconnected and integrated into a wave of information, “plants on cloud”.
The juicy jdm model, combined across the chain, allows wave information to be directed to different applications, providing nearly 200 products and 115,000 configurations, which can be said to be an extremely rich product mix. The 2022q1 “deficit core” period shows the ability of companies to supply chains as absolute champions.
In 2021, the global electronics supply chain continued to be hit by frequent global public health events, the electronic component supply capacity was severely inadequate, many of the int enterprises were forced to delay the delivery of orders, and according to Gartner, the global semiconductor supply shortfall would continue throughout 2021 and recover in the second quarter of 2022.
Normal level. In this situation, wave information still delivers orders in a timely manner, guaranteeing the proper operation of the operator. In early December 2021, one of the largest Internet companies in the country suddenly sent orders to the wave to 14,000 servers, hoping to deliver within four weeks, relying on it.
A well-developed supply chain capability has been successfully delivered. 3.2 Deep Cooperation Industrial Chains, Gpu Big and National Chips have both deep collaborations.
Upstream supply end: h20 Chinese special supply will be delivered in bulk at 2024h2, with 1 million deliveries throughout the year. According to the chip industry consulting firm Semianalysis, Nvidia is expected to deliver more than 1 million h20 chips in the current fiscal year, with an estimated sale price of between $12 and $13,000 per chip, based on the consultancy
The agency estimates that Nvidia will still sell more than $12 billion (approximately $87 billion) of the h20 chips supplied by China. The h20 chips will not be banned by the United States from Chinese ai servers, and it is expected that the oem manufacturers, who are the first to benefit from the wave, will deliver more ai servers carrying h20.
The company has established a good partnership with Intel and Invelda, helping to strengthen the ecology and training of the server. Nearly 10 years ago, the company set up parallel computing laboratories and cloud super-applications with the global computer chip leader, Intel and Inveda, respectively.
Working with Yveta, Wave Agency and Nvidiaaierprise to address data storage, computing and task scheduling, cluster transportation, etc. In addition, the Wave Metaengine-Investavx program, Wave Information provides a metaengine server, and Inveda provides simulations and collaborations.
Intel, in conjunction with Intel to Powerable Extendable Processors, the iIntegrator Training Programme. In combination with the technical advantages of hardware and software development, a wave of information based on Intel@to PowerScalable Processors has been launched.
Serverai training integration programme. The i-motivation program supports the reasoning of computer visual models, while supporting the fine-tuning and reasoning of the large language model (llm) and can be used to support other generic industries, as shown in figure 43: Wave based on the Integratedai training programme launched by Intelcpu
The wave, as the leader of the domestic server industry, maintains good cooperation with the country’s largest demand-side Internet customers, while maintaining deep cooperation with the country’s emerging gpu manufacturers, which in 2022 were at the same level as the 100-degree core, the Cold War, etc.
If the subsequent rise of the national product gpu accelerates, the wave can also enjoy the performance drive of the national product gpu release as a server. The 3.3 scale effect continues to show, and net interest rates are expected to remain high.
The Māori rate fluctuates, mainly in relation to the customer structure. Reviewing the growth performance of companies in recent years, which remained around 3 per cent for two years, the size effect of companies continues to show.
The overall level of Maori is fixed and has not changed much in recent years. Net interest rates for companies can increase steadily, and it is important to reduce cost-side losses through scale effects. Figure 47: Changes in net interest rates for company 2017-2024h1
Cost rates continue to shrink, and scale effects are becoming apparent. As the volume of corporate income increases rapidly, the overall cost input following the completion of inter-connected customer public relations continues to be optimized, with a declining trend in sales and management rates, demonstrating the continued effect of server surrogates.
Profit end: Taking account of accounting treatment, a single-quarter impairment loss or net interest rate fluctuations. Two “depreciation losses” have a greater impact on the company's single-quarter profit end.
In response to demand, large quantities of raw materials are prepared ahead of time, so that accounts receivable in the company's balance sheet tend to change in proportion to the quarterly amount of inventory items, and when accounting is done, often a one-quarter output-deflated proportion of the amount raised will have a greater impact on the company's single-quarter net profit. We look back at the tide.
The quarterly performance of the information shows a significant increase in the corresponding inventory and accounts receivable when the company's single-quarter revenue increases significantly, with some impact on the profit end of the current quarter. Take 22q1 as an example: the wave-quarter rate increases by 48 per cent on a year-on-year basis and the accounts receivable section by 67 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The result is a single-quarter credit impairment loss affecting profits of $458 million for the current period, a fallback in accounts receivable in the second half of the year, and a loss in credit impairment for the company for the entire year in millions. The company’s 2024q2 quarter has seen a large increase in revenue or will be accompanied by a significant increase in the [stock], [receivables] and so on, generating a large amount of single-quarter assets/
Losses in credit impairments, impacting a single-quarterly view of profits. Similar to 2022q1, accounting standards influence a single-quarter watch of profits, real operating profit elasticity or higher. Figure 49: Impact of Wave Information 2020-2024q2 on profits (in billions of dollars)
If you look at the impact of a company's impairment loss from a year-round perspective, there is no need to worry too much about it. Looking back at the company's two impairments over the years, looking at it from an annual point of view, as a result of large-scale gearing operations at the end of raw materials, the company's assets are impaired.
A claim for impairment losses resulting from a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered in a single quarter will not affect the level of profit margins throughout the year. The company ' s 4.1 profit projection assumption is split up with business, and based on the calibre disclosed in the Wave Information Annual Bulletin, the company ' s business can be divided into servers and components, and the int terminal.
The share of income is 99%. As the server industry rebounds at the bottom of the maturities cycle, and downstream customers are willing to build their arithmetic infrastructure, the company’s server operations are expected to return to a rapidly growing trend.
In terms of dimensions, (1) if the global server market is taken into account, it is expected to grow at a compound annual rate of 12.3 per cent over the next five years based on idc data, while the global server market is expected to grow at a rate of 21 per cent for China in 2024 and 20 per cent for China in 2024 based on idc data.
The size of the server market in China is linked to the size of the server, so the year-to-year wave information remains the highest in the country, with 28 per cent of the 2022 wave information server, taking into account the Internet-based client structure of the company and the need for servers for Internet access in 2023.
2)it terminals and bulkware: With regard to the end and bulk of the int, we believe that the overall income volume is low and that there is no clear replacement policy for the industry as a whole, and that it is not the focus of the company ' s business.
3) Other business: The business accounts for a relatively low amount of corporate income and, based on past experience, disassembly, 1) for server business, given the significant increase in the company's core downstream Internet customer demand since 2023 (mainly from large-scale input to the arithmetic), the corporate income structure may occur
There's a change, and the increase in the income of Internet customers will have a certain impact on the company's Māori rate, so we think that, with regard to the end and bulk business, because of the small size of the business and the fact that it is not the focus of the company's development, given the fact that the company's central business is servers, we've opted for industrial enrichment, purple shares, middle light.
For companies comparable to the wave, the selection is based on: 1) For the UIC, the company uses the production of ict equipment as the core of its business, with cloud service equipment for the flag server earning 19.43 billion yuan in 2023, which represents the company ' s share of revenue, while the share of the market for Xinhua three servers in 2022, based on idc data, is second only to the Chinese region, after the tide.
Information, so the purple shares and waves are industry-led enterprises; 3) For China, in 2023, the company ' s core business, the equipment, was mainly high-performance computers, with 89.74% of the business ' s income, and China ' s business product and income structure were similar to the wave. We chose the three above-mentioned companies as comparable companies, three of them.
The company ' s average value for 24-26 years is 20, 17 and 14 times higher, and according to our forecast wave, the current market value is the Chinese server number one, the second global server leader, and the core customer ' s Internet vendor is expected to spend nearly two years on the project, so corporate orders are expected to be more robust than comparable companies; and 2) the company is able to rely on it.
With the jdm model, which allows deep integration with clients, and also with overseas, home-grown gpu manufacturers, companies are expected to benefit more fully from the benefits of the ai-tech revolution. In combination, we believe that there is still room for improvement in the company’s current valuation and maintain a “recommended” rating.
1) The risk of increased competition in the industry. Since the rise of the artificial intelligence wave in 2023, there has been a steady build-up of computing power, both within and outside the country, which has led to a significant increase in server demand and has benefited from wave information as a domestic server leader.
Further exacerbation may have some impact on the company’s Māori rate and profitability. 2) Changes in the overseas chip policy. Core raw materials for server manufacturers, including cpu, gpu, are mainly to be procured from the overseas chip giants, which may affect servers if followed by changes in the overseas chip trade policy.
Vendors buy raw materials, which in turn affect the delivery of orders, and negatively affect the company’s revenue ends. 3) Ai technology overlaps. Benefiting from the rapid development of artificial intelligence, arithmetic investment has continued for almost two years.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective production of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.