New Olympic shares (600803.sh) New Olympic shares rating: santos received the same amount of money in the second quarter.
Equivalence, 5.2 per cent decline in the same year, sales of 21.5 million barrels of oil equivalent, 9.7 per cent increase in the same year, sales revenue of $76.9 billion, 30.1 per cent increase in the same year, and significant growth in santos, with companies increasing their production and marketing targets: benefiting from increased domestic sales in Australia
Plus, the increase in the price of liquefied natural gas and the timing of the delivery of three PLNG natural gas products this quarter coincides with the second quarter impact, with a significant 30.1 per cent increase in sales revenue from santos in the second quarter, except for a slight decline in production rings in the Kuper Basin and Northern Australia, the Glng project, the PNG and Western Australasia gas fields.
The volume was equal or slightly higher than in the previous quarter. The output fell in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of santoswie, the Quarterly Review of New Olympics — a quarterly performance with the sale of assets in Doria, Merenie and Stag. The company ' s Liquefied Natural Gas Project in June.
With annual production reaching 8.6 million tons, santtos, based on current robust performance, raised the 2017 product line to 57-60 million barrels and 75-80 million barrels of oil equivalent, respectively.
Lower efficiency and santos will continue to contribute to performance in the future: net debt of santos will be reduced by $600 million to $2.9 billion compared with the end of 2016, with management projecting a 17-year free cash flow surplus and a balanced oil price of 3. " New Olympic shares: performance node has come, lang trade route "
At the same time, the company ' s target production cost fell to $8-8.25 per barrel equivalent in 2017, down from $8.45 per barrel equivalent in 16 years. At the same time, the efficiency gains were accompanied by increased drilling in the Cooper Basin and Glng projects.
Significant progress has been made in the exploration of gas fields. It is expected that in the future, benefiting from low-cost oil prices and a steady rise in international oil prices, santos will continue to operate well and are expected to continue to contribute to the company’s performance.
The New Olympic Group's whole-chain collaboration has emerged: the New Olympics shares have entered into a shareholder agreement with santos, clarifying the position of strategic investors in the company, while also laying the groundwork for the company to work with santos at all stages of ng procurement in the upper part of the natural gas chain.
The receiving station is also under construction, with an eng import hub. New Olympic energy, as an urban gas distributor, has operations in hundreds of cities that provide gas to millions of people.
As a low-value upstream hydrocarbon resource indicator, take a good look at the distribution of the New Olympic shares in the upstream and ng fields, and then calculate the final rating on average, as the market average investment. Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise's fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.