New Olympics: good business, santos Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average due mainly to higher coal methanol prices, higher energy engineering compared to pesticide operations, and new new energy days
But the company’s net profit fell on a year-on-year basis because of the loss of santos’ assets. The cost advantage of methanol was significant, with the company’s coal plate generating $1,089 million in the first half of 17 years, an increase of 244.6 per cent, compared with the 244.6 per cent in the first half of 17 years, which maintained a high transport rate driven by the reform of the country’s supply side.
All right, the price of the inner lignite pits increased by 146% over the same period; the price of methanol fluctuated slightly over the same period last year, with a 34% increase in the price of New Omex. The company owns 6.8 million tons of coal, 600,000 tons of methanol, and has a high performance elasticity. For every 100 yuan in coal, the price of ps is 0.45 and methanol.
The New Olympic Stock Exchange: The growth in energy engineering operations in the second quarter of the same year, with the first half of the year amounted to $1.037 billion, an increase of 61.3 per cent, while the performance of the santos increased significantly, but the impairment was a drag on the company’s performance.
The Quarterly Review of New Olympics — the same performance for the first quarter was significant, with total revenue rising by 24 per cent to $1.5 billion in the first half of the year, and ebitdax by 46 per cent to $718 million in the same year, with net profit after deductions rising significantly from losses of $5 million in the same period last year.
4. The New Olympics shareholdings: the lang trade boom has reached $156 million, and free cash flows of $302 million have been achieved in the first half of the year, but net profits of $506 million were eventually realized as santos recognized a post-tax non-cash impairment of $689 million.
The net profit is reduced to US$99 million. If the impact of santos' investment returns is not taken into account, the net profit of the company is US$449 million. Under the ifrs accounting system, the impairment can be reversed in the future.
Oil prices have recovered steadily, and santos will continue to operate well. (8621) Gold 6023,247 does not exceed $2.3 billion, all of which is invested in an annual 200,000-ton stabilization of light hydrocarbons project.
At the group level, the whole industry chain is actively configured. The company’s partnership with santos provides the basis for the company’s collaboration with santos at all stages of ng procurement up the natural gas chain.
As a distributor of urban gas, there are hundreds of cities with businesses that provide gas to millions of people. From upstream, midstream and downstream, the New Olympic Group already owns the entire chain of lang trade and will enjoy it fully in the future, although the first half of the year's performance was affected by the impairment of santos' assets, the company's main business and santos operate.
Good news is that coal and methanol are expected to remain high in the second half of the year; engineering project orders have increased significantly over the first half of the year (with an expected income of more than 2 billion); santtos as a whole is doing well over the last year; and the price of oil, which will benefit significantly in the future, has recovered steadily, with a projected non-profit gain of $320 million for the whole year.
▪ As a low-value upstream hydrocarbon resource, look at the company’s profile in the upstream and eng fields.
Figure 2: Profiting of methanol (millions) 0.75 New Energy + 0.4 New Energy Phoenix Chart 3: Energy Engineering: Profiting of Newland Works (billions) Analysis of Report Rating Ratios in the Market
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.