The company was notified by the SEC on March 8, 2017 that it would buy Suzhou and raise the money to fund and fund the company.
The company is going to buy a 100% share in Suzhou at a transaction price of $2.8 billion, and raise an amount not to exceed $490 million. The acquisition of Suzhou Oscillation is going well, exceeding its performance commitments.
Suzhou Xinjiang is engaged in the development, design and manufacture of high-speed light communication modules, such as 10g/25g/40g/100g, and the development of high-speed light communication modules with large capacity, miniaturization and low capacity. Suzhou Xinjiang has 10 gsfp+, 10 gxfp, 25 gsfp28, 40gqsfp+, 100gcfp4/qsfp28, etc.
High-end module products are at the top of the country’s industry. Suzhou Xinjiang committed itself not to return it for 2016-2018. The net profit of the mother was not less than 173 million yuan, 216 million yuan and 279 million yuan, corresponding to the acquisition of Pe Su Xinjiang with a 40g/100g high-end light module in 2016-2018, with high-quality domestic and foreign customer resources.
Suzhou Xinjiang is committed to combining the experience of Silicon Valley Advanced Technology and Innovation with the Chinese talent and vast market to create a world-class high-end communications module based in China, which is designed and produced by the public department. In January-August 2016, Suzhou achieved business income of 245 million and 40g/100g.
Revenue is 848 million, with 40g/100g high-end light modules accounting for about 80% of the share. As a leader in the area of R & D design and manufacturing of high-speed light modules and their testing systems, Suzhou’s products are mainly aimed at industries in various fields, both within and outside the country, and its clients are communication operators and Internet leaders.
Instead of google, maazon, Hua-hung, Naka-hung and Hwa-hung, which account for 42.59 per cent, 19.14 per cent, 9.42 per cent, 5.79 per cent and 3.05 per cent of the company ' s operating income, the product is recognized by a number of well-known domestic and foreign clients.
The company raised a total of no more than $490 million in matching funds to be raised from five of its partners, including Wang Weishu, of which Chairman Wang Weshu pledged $284 million, or more than 50% of the total, and management has strong confidence in the company’s future development.
Production line construction project. (1) Light module development and production line construction project: through the acquisition of relevant production equipment and research assistant: Masson test equipment, expansion of production capacity, improvement of product production efficiency, effective assurance of product productivity and enhancement of corporate skills
Technological innovations will have the advantage of adding 3 million units of production capacity to the annual optical module. (2) Automation of production lines in the light module.
The company's proposed acquisition of Suzhou Xinjiang is dominated by a 40g/100g high-end light module, high-quality domestic and foreign customer resources, and domestic 1. Intermediary equipment (300308).
The purchase of Sioux State Xiao Xu was the result of a domestic high-end light device, with a reasonable monthly price range of $41.6-44.8. The optical device was less than expected; the high-end light module product was highly competitive.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People ' s University of China, director of the baa Business School, China Petroleum University; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, 2016 Yang Jian, master ' s degree degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined the People ' s Masson in August 2015, graduated from the same University, master ' s degree in business management, and joined the civil securities in 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.