Intermediary equipment (300308) Study on the acquisition of Xinjiang in Suzhou and the growth of the potential of light communication: on 10 September 2016, the company issued an announcement to issue shares
After several rounds of questioning and revisions, Sun Yungun, 2017, the company announced that it would be reviewing the merger and repurchase of the company at the Chinese CVP.
The company now issues shares in the purchase of assets and collects matching funds and related transactions, which are conditionally approved. The power plant owners have increased their pressure, and the M & A transition is in line with expectations: the company owners have been surrounded.
The design, development, and manufacture of equipment around electric machines is one of the leading companies in the country. However, competition in the industry has increased, and growth in corporate ownership is expected to remain stable, with a strong willingness to convert M & As. The approval of this merger is consistent with our expectations:
1. The company ' s electronics and equipment industry, together with the optical communications industry, is an advanced industrial manufacturing industry that is not so extensive as to meet the regulatory requirements of the SEC; 2. The construction of the Red Flyers in Sioux State is well under way and has been modified in conjunction with the regulatory level.
The group's entry into the light module area will greatly enhance corporate profitability and industrial value, without the rapid outbreak of the high-speed light module industry, and the firm position of the Suzhou Xinjiang leadership: in the context of the continued growth of the data industry, the demand for the light module is fast for key components of the network.
Upgraded, market size is expected to reach $7.1 billion in 2020. Meanwhile, global revenues from 10g/40g/100g light module per year will reach $4.35 billion, with more than 61% of the total body light module market, of which 100g light module caagr will
Nearly 30%. Suzhou Xu’s industry has three advantages: 1. Corporate clients, including large European and American Internet giants like Google, Amazon and China’s Chinese communications giants, have a strong voice in the global market; 2. Corporate products are high.
End 25g/100g dominated by close to 80 per cent revenue, with a pre-emptive and competitive advantage in the context of the whole light module product; 3. firm technology accumulated, encumbered, loading process levels and production line operations experienced, product performance and good performance stabilized
Shit. This collection of $490 million will further enhance the competitive edge of the company ' s light module market through the Suzhou Xujiang Module Automation of Production Lines Project, Light Module Development and Production Lines Project.
The modification of the acquisition programme is more conducive to the long-term growth of the company and boosts the firm's confidence: the company's acquisition of intermediate equipment: the acquisition of Xinjiang in Suzhou, the high-speed programme has made several important adjustments: 1.
The masters of the light communication module set the basis for performance compensation; 3. Double the percentage of overperformance awards; 4. Increase the range of performance compensations. These measures reflect the firm and the Xing’s impact on the next three years.
Strong confidence in business development also provides a sufficient incentive to build on the excess performance of accelerated business development. We believe that companies will continue to grow rapidly and have considerable growth potential in the future.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: It is expected that the company will benefit greatly from the growth of the data business when it completes its acquisition of Suzhou in early 2017, becoming a high-end domestic profit-making risk.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board