Resource and Environment Center. Main-line airport is released at the moment, contributing to an improvement in the level of revenue, which is manifested in low fares, with extreme cost control being the core moat. Spring and fall versus three flights.
More than 30 per cent of cost savings resulted from: two (single-type and single-class), two (high passenger and high aircraft daily utilization) and two (low sales and low management costs). Low cost resulted in high occupancy rates for the commons (about six points higher than the three flights) and a more prominent air market on line two or three.
Short- and medium-term prices: The release of new production capacity at first-line airports provides a new opportunity to reach the hub. The company’s current most profitable routes, such as Shenzhen-Ion Bridge, Rainbow Bridge-Osaka, Rainbow Bridge-Short Gate, are all connected to a single airport.
For example, when spring and fall add a pair of hours a day to the Kyoto Line, they are giving a guest rate of 90%, an average of 1. q4 domestic input up, cost containment.
Under the 1,000 dollar scenario, the overall passenger revenue could be increased by 0.58 per cent, and the net profit of the mother increased by 0.58 per cent in the medium and long term: while the resources of first-line cities are saturated at a time when the resources of second- or third-line cities are relatively abundant, providing a broad market for cheap navigation, but it will also take time to grow.
Improvements and accelerated construction of small airports are expected to increase the number of civilian airports by more than 50 to 260 by 2020: at the same time, the upgrading of low-cost terminals at the hub airport (e.g. Shenzhen airport) further upgrades the company's capacity.
The company has focused more on revenue management, with high passenger occupancy rates beginning to shift to high profits, rising by 16 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively, in 17 and 18 years, and improved supply and demand or contributed to a similar increase of more than 2 per cent in 2019 for the public sector. In 19, the company opened a new base in Lanzhou.
By 2020, or when the Beijing airport was launched, the mature regional base would be expanding. If effective transport was to take place next year, considering the rising penetration rate, the expansion of domestic airport capacity, and the company’s strategy on the one-line, plus two-and-three-line approach, it was expected to open up further profit margins.
Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected; the introduction of power is less than expected; and oil prices are rising too fast. 1. Extreme cost-control construction of low-cost protected rivers. 1.1 unit ask costs are about 26.9 per cent lower than those of the three major flights.
At the heart of cheap aviation is cost control. By breaking down the operating costs of spring and fall, we can see that spring and autumn have achieved 30% cost savings in terms of oil, depreciation, leasing, maintenance, and all three. In 2018, the average cost of the three aviation units ask was 0.416 yuan.
0.304 dollars, or about 0.112 dollars (26.9 per cent). The unit cost of withholding oil ask is about 0.077 dollars (27.6 per cent) lower than the average of the three flights.
(0.036), depreciation lease contribution of 24% (0.027), meal contribution of 12% (0.013) and maintenance cost contribution of 8% (0.085). The company’s path to achieving cost advantage can be summarized as two singles (single type and single space), two highs (high passenger rate and high aircraft daily utilization rate) and two lows (low)
Marketing costs and low management costs. 1.2 The cost of aviation oil benefits from the cost of the low-age fleet and the extraordinary economic nature of a,320.
The savings in the cost of oil are derived from two factors: (1) the low-age fleet; the average fleet of the spring and autumn aviation fleet is 4.8 years, which is lower than the average of the three major flights of 6.3 years. The low-age fleet corresponds to a higher level of economy of oil. (2) A320neo.a320 is the current medium- and short-range backbone, with a lower average fuel consumption than the same average.
738 (about 2.5% low) of the main machine. Under given routes and other assumed conditions.a 321 and a320 average oils are better than other models (about 5-20% low).  5 a320 neo were introduced in spring and fall in the first half of 2019, with 15 planned for the year.
Neo achieved a 15% increase in efficiency relative to a320ceo, with a maximum seating capacity of 186. The A320neo model, equipped with a leap1-a26 engine, was used for an average of 9-hour duration and $3 per gallon of aviation oil, at a cost of nearly $1 million per year.
1.3 The advantage of the depreciated rental maintenance costs is derived from the single-type and single-barrel layout The use of a single-air fleet strategy during the spring and autumn season could reduce the cost of aircraft purchase and lease through centralized procurement, the cost of aircraft self-selected equipment items, the cost of procuring self-contained shipping materials and the number of backup engines.
On the other hand, using a single warehouse layout, the number of seats was 15 to 20% higher than the standard two or three flights, and adjusted for this factor, the cost of the depreciation of the three flights remained higher than the three.
▪ Based on data disclosed by aircrews, a320neo has 95% of spare parts and a320ceo and generics. Therefore, the introduction of the new type will not significantly increase the additional maintenance costs. On the other hand,
The low-age fleet also corresponds to the lower cost of maintenance of the passenger kilometre. In the three major flights, the average aircraft of the Eastern fleet was less than 6.4 years in the South in 5.7 years and 6.7 years in the Nation. The lower cost of maintenance of the two Divisions in the East and Spring and Fall in 2018. Over the next three years, based on the fleet quotes currently disclosed in spring and autumn.
The plan will be further reduced in the average age of the aircraft, and the cost of maintenance of the corresponding kilometres is expected to be further reduced. 1.4 High turnover flat costs High turnover flat costs.
The high utilization rate was 15.6 per cent higher than the average of the three major flights, owing to the effective coordination of time resources in spring and autumn and the penetration and optimization of the network of routes. In addition, the information-sharing mechanism for flight power was established in spring and autumn 18 years to minimize the mismatch between flight capacity and planning hours.
A fixed asset turnover rate above industry levels is shown in the statement, with spring and autumn and a happy fixed asset week with an average rotation rate of about 30 per cent higher than each of the three major flights over the course of the year.
The company also performed well in cost control in spring and fall. In 2018, the cost of sales of the kilometres was 0.0007, a 25.4 per cent decrease compared to the same period last year, representing only 30 per cent of the average of the three major flights. In 2018, sales were reduced mainly by a 45 per cent decrease in advertising costs.
With a 31% drop in the same ratio, the drop is due to the fact that, in general, as the leader of cheap domestic aviation, spring and autumn aviation has achieved extreme cost control. The cost of 0.304 miles is about 26.9% lower than the average of 0.416 dollars for the three flights.
The maximum of two is derived from the cost of sailing oil and the cost of a depreciated lease. Spring and fall have increased the fixed cost of flooring a few kilometres (15-20%) through a single warehouse layout.
Further improvements in the introduction and fine management of the new type of machine will allow the cost advantages of spring and fall to be maintained and continued to be expanded to provide more room for companies in revenue management.
2.1 In recent years, the fleet has grown at a higher rate than the three major fleets. From the pace of the introduction of the five major aircraft in recent years, both spring and fall have increased at a higher rate than the three fleets, and the fluctuations have been greater than the three fleets.
In 2013-2018, the number of aircraft operating in spring and autumn was 15.7 per cent and the average value of the three flights was 7.4 per cent. 2.2 was more focused on revenue management, with high passenger occupancy rates beginning to shift to higher profitability.
▪ Introduction of five passenger aircraft in spring and autumn 2018, with a 7% increase in the size of the fleet the same year, and the lowest in the company ' s calendar year. The number of passenger aircraft in the industry increased by 10.5% the same time. The adjustment of the fleet ' s speed of introduction is subject to the pace of introduction by the Triangular 1) company itself.
2) In 2018, the company planned to introduce seven passenger aircraft, including four a320ceo and three a320neo. Two neo aircraft were not delivered as scheduled due to the capacity problems of the aircraft company a320neo.
3) The tone of the total volume adjustment structure in 2018 remains unchanged, with companies opting to expand the fleet cautiously at a time of increasing supply, especially on hot routes, with the overall passenger kilometre gain of 0.389 in spring and autumn 2018, an increase of 6.1 per cent from the same year in 2017.
Internationally and regionally, prices have been adjusted for some high-quality routes. In conjunction with the Civil Aviation Authority’s policy of opening up some routes to market price regulation, spring and fall has been using 14 high-quality routes since May 2018.
The change in fares, with market-based regulation as the main element, has made spring and fall more comfortable in the management of returns. In 2017, 2018, the return on passenger traffic increased by the same amount.
The rate was 89.01%, a decrease of 1.55 percentage points from the previous year. The overall decline in the number of visitors in the last spring and autumn was due to two factors: (1) the effort to open a new base in the recent spring and autumn and the fact that the new route was in the early stages of breeding, which was less frequent than the mature route; and (2) spring and autumn aviation, which began in 16 years, accounted for the income associated with the Spring and Autumn Brigade.
The decline is partly explained by the decline in the overall occupancy rate. Overall, spring and autumn occupancy rates will stabilize and even rise as the new route matures.
In comparison with the United States market, there is still room for an increase in the cost of domestic navigation. For example, the largest cheaper airline in the United States market, Air South West, and Air Services South, Dammam. For fiscal year 2018, the revenue from Southwest air passenger miles was 0.378 dollars per annum, and the average of the three flights was 0.582 dollars per annum, 35.1 per cent lower.
From a point of view, there is still room for upward fares (principal mileage earnings).  Southwest air fare structures include “anytime” and “businesssection” models, which contain additional services. Thus, Southwest air fare fares are not only reflective.
It's a simple low-cost model. But from another perspective, differential pricing for southwest aviation may be a possible path to further increases in passenger unit prices in the future of spring and autumn.
The growth perspective looks at the spring and fall, with an increased focus on the second and third line of the market, the 3.1 first line of the airport, with a limited volume of throughput, and the five largest since the 17-year winter and spring season, according to the 19th summer and autumn season advance flight plan.
Increase in the number of landings (2.50 per cent). However, we believe that the future first-line airport will continue to grow at an uncertain time. (1) Structurally, the five airports are unevenly distributed.
At present, the Civil Aviation Authority continues to be guided by the principle of accuracy and operational security.
Limited time resources are available to provide a low rate of increase in passenger traffic. Data show that in 2018, the number of passengers in the top ten airports ranked highest in terms of passenger traffic, the average rate of increase was 6.1% compared to 10-30 airports, which is 9.0%.
3.2 During the last two years, in the second and third-line cities, in addition to the Shanghai main base, regional bases have been set up in various regions of the country, including Shenyang Base in the northeast, Shishijia Station in the northeast, Shenzhen base in the south of China, and Ningbo base in the east of China.
During the 19th summer and autumn season, the number of first-line, second-line and third-line airports was approximately 4:4, which basically reflects the two main bases in the sea above spring and autumn, while relying on the heavy zone, the regional bases, and the market opening strategy.
In terms of pre-flight plans, the number of flights on the spring and fall three has grown rapidly since the 17-year winter and spring season with the implementation of a controlled volume and structural adjustment policy. Non-line flights (no one-line take-off, landing airport)
The ratio rose from 17% in the summer and autumn seasons in 2017 to 33% in the summer and autumn seasons in 19, an increase of about 16 percentage points. In terms of same-year growth, second-line and second-to-third-line airport flights grew most rapidly, with the previous four seasons increasing at a faster rate than the overall spring and autumn flights.
See, spring and fall, in a time of scarcity of resources at first-line airports, opens up two or three-line markets, ensuring the sustainability of the subsidy model for 3.3 and two three routes.
On the other hand, the maturity of the old route has led to the withdrawal of some of the subsidies. As a result, the overall route subsidy is close to the camp.
Never seen the impact on performance of the fluctuations in the subsidies of the routes being less significant, for three reasons: (1) the subsidies of the routes themselves are important decision-making variables for the delivery of power.
(ii) Low concentration of subsidies and no reliance on a single airport subsidy. According to data disclosed by the company for 17 years, the top 10 airports with the highest subsidies are supplemented by 2014-2016 and 2017h1.
The combined share of the current year's subsidy was 82.82 per cent, 73.64 per cent, 63.78 per cent and 60.34 per cent, respectively, representing a downward trend from year to year; in terms of individual airports, the highest value of the subsidy was in the form of 12.48 per cent of the company's combined capacity during the same period.
11.72 per cent, 12.85 per cent and 12.58 per cent. (3) Route subsidies are sustainable. For airports and local governments, the opening of new routes helps attract more passengers, raise airport revenues and develop the local economy.
Line subsidies are modeled as traffic providers, airports and local government buyers of traffic.
We believe it is sustainable. 3.4 The expansion of airport capacity offers new opportunities as a response to the resources of the first-line airport at a time of tension in recent years, with the model of two sites in one city and the expansion of existing airports.
In the “12th Five-Year” period, investment in infrastructure in the civil aviation industry grew at a slower pace. After entering the “13th Five” and especially since 2017, annual investment has been high. In the “14th Five-Year” period, the replenishment of infrastructure is still one of the priorities of the Civil Aviation Authority.
For cheap aviation, the running of hot routes means a much smaller difference in fares with the SAD, but at the same time it is almost the same.
In the case of Da Hing airport, for example, when a couple of hours per day are added to the Kyoto line, the average ticket rate is 90%, and the overall passenger rate is $1,000, and despite the profitability of operating the first-line inter-air route, the three flights have a very strong voice and one.
It is not realistic to add a large number of classes to the base of the base aviation divisions at the airports of Chuen and Daeheung. But there are opportunities for growth at both the Shenzhen and the Rainbow Spring and Falls.
The normal rate, the implementation rate, the accident rate, and aspects are at the forefront of the industry, with considerable advantages in the time-priority rating. High passenger rates plus potential price increases contribute to higher profitability.
About 10%, benefiting from the growth of the cheap air market, spring and fall aviation is expected to grow at a higher rate than the industry average. Over the past three years, the rate of air passenger arrivals has declined slightly, but it has remained at 90% left, and the drop in passenger traffic is expected to follow in the future, mainly due to the fact that new routes are still being cultivated.
In comparison with the United States market, Southwest Air (the United States's most cheap) passenger miles earned 16.3% less than Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaanaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Proximity factors, such as rising air penetration rates, expansion of domestic airport capacity, second- and third-line subsidies for sustainability; and endogenous factors, such as the combination of high occupancy rates and higher price expectations, the company's strategy of foot-on-line, plus-two is expected to open up further profit margins. On the basis of the above analysis, I
The company ' s cost advantage benefits mainly from three factors: 1) low-age fleet with an average age of 4.8 years, with a higher fuel economy, a320 low-fueled mainframe, and further optimization of the fleet structure in the future, with company fuel costs expected to remain competitive; 2) single fleet set-up
This has resulted in lower depreciation rental maintenance costs, single-barrelled seating of 11.06 hours compared to the standard two warehouses or hours, 15.6 per cent higher than the average of the three flights, and higher aircraft utilization, which has led to a 13/16/17 pcts turnover rate of fixed assets for public companies in the year. At the same time, the company has introduced a reduction in advertising fees.
Based on the above analysis, we are expected to be affected by the slowdown in the pace of downside macroeconomics and the introduction of 19H1 aircraft.
Oil prices are rising too fast. Oil prices rise or fall by 1%, and companies’ costs will rise or fall by 40 million less than expected.
Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected. The macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected, which will drag down the demand for passenger transport in the industry, and an analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market, which will then be calculated on average to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment.