On the evening of 29 June, Huanko issued the Proclamation on the Introduction of Strategic Cooperation in the Wide Letter Asset Package, which states that Huanko plans to transfer 50 per cent of the share held in Wanchun, Guangzhou, to strategic investments in the amount of RMB 7.04 billion.
At the same time, the stockholders’ contributions to Wanshi, Guangzhou, or to the Guangshin asset packs, were recovered for a total of 32 billion yuan. The financial input of the WAN package and the overview of the transaction: 1 3 years ago, the company invested cumulatively 47,040 million yuan in the KOBU package.2 Through this transaction, the company is expected to receive 39,04 billion dollars.
The dollar is a pre-existing shareholder input through the M & A loan.3 If, within five years, the BS asset package acquires the approval documents for the development of the Vanko Series, less than 210.98 million square metres of equity construction, the equity transfer company expects
The cumulative return on investment will be about 3,479 million yuan, increasing the net profits of the company by about 2,610 million yuan. The difference between the value and the book value will be assessed in part only, with the post-tax impact being less than 1 billion yuan.
23.5 billion yuan, even if calculated at a premium of $3.04 billion, returns are even more modest. Open faith is a long-cycle, slow-moving asset package, not a typical project under the Huanko high turnover strategy.
Thirty-nine40 million yuan. With the net debt ratio indicator unchanged, Huanko could add $39 billion in equity to the new real estate development business. Proof of what we mentioned in our in-depth report, the Unit is expected to grow back in size.
We're in the depths of Vanko's transfer of BUSA equity is a clear sign of faster turnover and return to scale. We are not able to adjust profit forecasts, but, given the increased certainty of the growth in size, we're going up the firm's headlines.
Zhao Xiaoshan, house price increases are weaker than expected; land prices are higher than expected; and the intensity of Vankna is lower than expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment