The Sranming Pilgrim Replenishment was completed, the sic main drive module started to start, the high-threshold market continued to break down, and the harvest was rising backward. Downstream markets split in 2023, consumer electronic markets were relatively low, and some of the consumer products of the company were delivered significantly.
There is also a certain decline in prices, which puts a certain strain on companies’ sales and profits. Companies increase their promotion of large high-threshold markets such as white power, communications, industry, new energy sources, cars. Simulate circuits, igbt devices, ipm smart power modules, pim power models.
Products such as blocks, carbonated silicon-power modules, excess mosfet devices, mcu circuits, compounds chips and devices continue to be on the market, with the company’s overall revenues increasing by about 13% over the same period last year.
Development and development of new products such as analogue circuits, power devices, power modules, mems sensors, carbonated silicon mosfet, accelerated construction of vehicle and industrial circuit and device chip platforms, increased research and development of vehicle power modules and new energy power modules, corporate research
The company and major fund, the Ocean Development Fund, have fully replenished Slander's capital, which is currently Slander's total equity/circulation capital (millions of shares) 16.64.16.
The company has the capacity to produce 3,000 6 inches of microchip per month, and the current capacity is full. Slanming is accelerating the acquisition and installation of project equipment, with the highest/minimum price expected in 2024,52 weeks.
By the end of the year, the capacity to produce 12,000 6 inches of chip per month will be available. Currently, the main power-drilling module of Slanming Possic-Mosfet has been determined by the quality of multiple domestic customers to be comparable to the level of production in major international plants, and bulk orders are being delivered on a continuous basis.
Hangzhou Slan Holdings Ltd. Technological iterative risks; industry competition patterns compound risks; market demand recovery is not as high as expected. email: wawenii@cnpsec.com
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.