The technological advantage is that the "Data China" strategy is advancing steadily.
The company released its annual report for 2016, which revealed that it had achieved operating income of $4.36 billion in 2016, and that it had been successful in operating in the same business as the previous year, contributing to the steady and sustained growth of the company. In 2016, it had completed contracts of over $5 billion and achieved operating income of $4.36 billion, an increase of 19.06 per cent over the previous year.
The net return to the mother is $224 million, an increase of 26.77 per cent over the same period. By branch, the overall increase in revenue in the three main areas of enterprise, government, and public utilities has benefited from the increased emphasis on self-control, with 29.97 per cent in the government sector.
The successful implementation of the service operator transformation strategy and the increased profitability of cloud computing and big data-related products The large scale of corporate sales and the expansion of outward investment during the reporting period led to a growing demand for financial resources by companies The Unit compared with the trend of 300 depths
Companies are expected to continue to increase their sales revenues in 2017, with higher demand for money. The company’s profit-sharing cash shares are low, and the undistributed funds are mainly used to save financial costs and improve business efficiency.
During the reporting period, companies invested $328 million in R & D, an increase of 18.22 per cent over the same period, with 93 patents granted and 78 patents granted for inventions.
In March 2017, the company’s major scientific installation, the Geosystem Value Simulator project, was approved, and the 7000 supercomputers developed by the company’s participating countries will become the core of the nation’s major scientific devices. We believe that companies are driving the sustainable development of their enterprises through technological innovation.
Through increased investment, research and development of innovative products and services, the industry has been consolidated and brand influence enhanced. Top-end computers and storage have a strong niche, companies have access to core technology in such areas as high-end computers and storage, and international sophistication has been achieved.
In this area, the company has developed a prototype e-level high-performance computing system, and the whole-line server product has been upgraded from Haswellcpu to Broadwellcpu, successfully launching the best inter-industry extension I 980-g20 server.
According to China ' s High Performance Computer Top 100 ranking for 2015-2016, the company received the number one share for eight consecutive years. According to the idc report, the company ' s nas stored products ranked first in the domestic market.
In February 2017, the company formed a joint venture with the storage industry leader, PromiseJo, to further increase the company’s technical and resource investment in the storage area. We believe that the company’s active integration of resources and cooperation is expected to break through the core technological dilemma, thereby consolidating the industry’s leadership.
In China, the cloud plan is considered to be the most powerful thrust, focusing on chip technology, increasing cloud computing layouts, and steadily advancing the "Data China" strategy.
In 2015, the company proposed a “Data China” strategy to build a cloud data network covering China through the construction of a “100-city” cloud data centre. In March, the company launched the “Data China Acceleration Plan” to strengthen core technological innovation, which is the annual report of the same 2-centre (603019):
By the end of the year, the company had built 30 city cloud computing centres.
In addition, the company has a joint venture with the leading international cloud computing company vmware, 3 of which is China’s main business growth company (603019). The company’s cloud computing layouts are beginning to yield results and the ability of cloud services and big data services to improve significantly.
Third, profit predictions and investment proposals are strong, cloud computing is expanding well, and the “Data China” industry has huge scope.
1) Policy risks; 2) cloud computing has advanced less than expected; 3) major technological risks; 4) growth block is not Chengping, tmt team leader. Ph.D. in Management, China Petroleum University Business School, pa mentor; has nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, and in 2016 it joined the NLD.
Hu Xing, Engineer, Ph.D., is directed to computer hardware and software systems, research on e-Telenet and fibre-optic communication. Participates in major specialized projects in several countries, with vehicle-related entrepreneurial experience, and co-authored a book entitled “Plateboard-based software design for digital control systems” to join civil securities in 2015.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,