Mid-City Dawn (603019) Report 2016: The strategic transition has been very effective and the Māori rate has continued to improve over time Research Assistant: Mayi Hao
The “DataChina” strategy continues to move forward, and synergies highlight the fact that in 2016, corporate Māori rates stopped falling back, and we conclude that the improvement in Māori rates is mainly due to the strong performance of corporate strategic transformations.
China’s cloud data network is committed to a gradual transition from hardware manufacturers to service operators. In 2016, the public sector’s revenue on software and services grew by 59.54%, and the business income of high-morigin products such as cloud computing and big data increased.
The company ' s share of sales and management costs in operating income has continued to decline in recent years as a result of a range of cloud computing core technologies and products, such as systems, cloud safety management centres, and synergies among operations. In 2016, corporate operating profits grew by 62.11 per cent on a year-on-year basis, excluding the impact of net returns on investment.
On the upstream side, in April 2016, Tianjin Haig, a subsidiary of the company's shareholdings, formally agreed with md to establish a joint venture to produce a x86 processor; in January 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission agreed to the company's “first move”
In recent years, the company has made good progress against the above-certified index, creating the conditions for the company to follow through on the core technological dilemma. Meanwhile, in 2016, the company established a joint venture with the leading international cloud computer, Vmware, with the relevant product of Chinese intelligence.
On the downstream side, in 2016, the company proposed a “Cloud and Plan” to launch the city cloud business in several cities in a collaborative alliance, with the goal of completing deployment in 100 cities within 2-3 years. By the end of 2016, the company had built cumulatively.
30 urban cloud computing centres. The company ' s urban cloud construction is exclusive, replicable, focused on building the Paas platform, and will benefit fully in the future from government information-building and the operation of the cloud computing platform. (The above data, if not specifically described, is derived from the public company announcements.)
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan; %) Figure 2: Company net profits and speed of increase (in billions; %) Figure 3: Corporate operating costs: three fees (in billions)
Figure 4: Corporate Māori, net profit and cost rates (in %) Figure 5: Corporate R&D inputs (in billions; %) Figure 6: Main operating income and Māori rates (in billions; %)