Low-value, high-scoring, scarce-resource-based utilities 21/06/06  company profile: performance is mainly from Yagi River hydropower, with a 50 per cent or more share of the bonus and is rising year by year.
Investment earnings from the contribution of water and electricity from the river. 2) In 2018-2021, the company received a net share of the share of the profits from the water and electricity industry: clear business model, solid cash flow, high dividends and significant defensive value. 1) Characteristics: long construction period for the hydroelectric project, large construction investment, steady and well-established cash flow, commercial
The industry model is clear, the performance is more certain, and the ratio of depreciation in the cost is high, so cash flow guarantees high dividends, with a significant defensive value. 2) Resources: Among the hydroelectric plants that have been developed and will be developed in our “thirteen” hydropower bases, except for the crane beach power station and the Utunde power station, they will be installed.
The number of hydroelectric plants with more than 5 million kilowatts is close to zero, and high-quality large hydropower has become more scarce, with the Jinsha, Yangtze and Yagi Rivers being the focus of the hydroelectric planning bases, corresponding listed companies, and the excess gain of the sw hydropower index in all regions where the upward trend has been less than zero since the year.
All of them are more visible. 4) Cross-industry comparisons: we choose high rates of dividends, low valuations, and cross-industry comparisons: there are still new crews in the hydropower sector compared to the shipping industry, and growth is a constant theme in the share; the performance of the hydropower sector and the Roe are more stable and less volatile than in the coal industry.
Yaji River hydropower: With scarce assets with high-quality resource endowments, two or three Yang power plants will contribute to the performance increase. 1) Resources endowment: Yajang River is planning to develop a 22-level power station, planning to develop a 30 million kilowatt capacity, ranking the 13 largest hydroelectric bases in the country.
III. In line with the company’s long-term development planning and strategic objectives, the implementation of two “four-stage” strategies for green energy development, namely, the “four-phase” strategy for hydro-energy resource development and the “four-phase” strategy for new energy and pumping energy storage development, is expected to continue to grow in the next few years.)
Power: In 2019-2021, the company’s fleet was fully operational in average hours compared to the average hours spent in Sichuan province, an increase of 30.61% in the capacity of the Yagi River hydropower plant. According to our calculations, the two-and-young power plants will contribute a net profit of 1,566 million yuan after delivery.
New power stations are not as expected; electricity modification, investment in national grids, construction of super-high voltage are not as expected.
Reorganization of assets and sound operations have established a development orientation based on clean energy for hydropower, with companies engaged mainly in hydropower and fire power operations through holding or participating companies: 1) subsidiaries of Tian Peng Power, Kawada Bay, Inzonhai and San Corporations of Yaang River, National Power River, and 2) subsidiaries of Kayang Power are engaged in power generation operations;
At the end of the year, the Kawakashi Group held 53.87 per cent of corporate equity, held shareholders in the company, and the actual owner of the company was figure IV: as of 2022, q1, the company ' s equity structure was 1.1. Performance: net profits were almost entirely derived from investment gains in the water and water of the Yagi River, and roe was stable.
The company’s net return profits are almost entirely derived from investment gains from the 48% shareholding of the Yagi River hydropower contribution. 2017 – According to the company’s three-year shareholder return plan: the cumulative share of profits distributed in cash in 2017-2019 will continue to rise further and the value attributes will become more visible.
2. Hydropower sector: clear business model, solid cash flow, high dividends rate, significant 1) characteristics: long construction period for hydroelectric projects, high engineering inputs, stable post-operation cash flow, clear business model, better performance certainty and high depreciation ratio at cost, resulting in high cash flow guarantee dividends with high dividends and high interest rates
2) Resources: Among the hydroelectric plants that have been developed and are to be developed in our “Thirteen” hydroelectric bases, with the exception of the cranes, the beach power station and the Utunde power station, there has been a near-zero increase in the number of hydroelectric plants above 5 million kW, and high-quality large hydropower has a relatively high degree of scarcity, with the Jinsha River, Yangtze River and the Yagang River being the focus of the hydroelectric planning bases, with the corresponding listed companies being the respective companies.
(c) Defence: Historically, the excess gain of the sw hydropower index has been significant in all regions where the upward trend has been less than zero since 2000. 4) Cross-sectoral comparisons: we choose the power, delivery, high dividends in the coal industry, and we compare the low valuation with the following:
In the transport industry, where new fleets are still in operation, growth is a permanent theme; in the coal industry, performance and roe are more stable and less volatile. 2.1. Characteristics: clear business models, better performance certainty, good cash flow, high red scores are industry characteristics
The rationale for hydroelectricity is that natural rivers are rich in water energy from high to low currents, but in natural conditions, the distribution of underground energy is fragmented and is not conducive to centralization, and the construction of dams to raise water levels is a commonly used form of concentrated water. For example, the Three Gorges project raises the upstream level of water through three gorges, creating a certain lag (also known as the three gorges) in the downstream.
“Water heads” are used to centralize the water energy resources of the Yangtze River from Chongqing to the Three Gorge Dam site. Hydropower generation is the use of dams to centralize natural water flows, run through water turbines and generators, convert concentrated water (dynamic and energy) to electricity, and then enter electricity into the grid through transformers, switch stations, transmission lines, etc.
Hydropower projects have a long construction period, heavy construction and steady operating cash flow. Hydropower plants are generally located in deep mountain canyons, and the construction of an electric power station often begins with the construction of a road bridge, through cut-off, large-scale gravel, concrete, water, installation and commissioning of mechanical and electrical equipment, large-scale construction, long construction cycles, large numbers of immigrants, and returns on investment.
In the case of the three gorges, for example, the construction work lasted 17 years, with a total investment of about 200 billion yuan, and did not yield any return from the start of the construction in 1993 to the first generation in 2003. However, as the crew came into operation, it was better than other forms of power generation in terms of original material costs, operating maintenance costs, waste disposal costs, stabilization of operating hours, etc.
The power plant has a very profitable and stable cash flow advantage. For example, the power industry’s pioneer Yangjiang power industry has a remarkable capacity to build its own blood. Electricity prices are stable + priority guarantees for consumption = clear business patterns, depreciation is high, cash flow guarantees are high.
1) Prices of dividends. 1) Electricity prices: The prices of electricity and water access in the country are mainly based on three pricing methods, namely, incremental costs, reversal of municipal prices in the LZ and utility poles. In addition, individual regions have started to use the pricing formula for marketized transactions. In January 2014, the Circular on Improving the Price Formation Mechanism for Electricity and Water Access, issued by the National Development Reform Commission, explicitly stated in 2014,
After 1 February of this year, all new inter-provincial and trans-regional hydroelectric power plants that deliver electricity are priced at a reverse price. 2) Discount: The Implementation Opinion on the Plan for the Orderly Release and Development of Electricity requires that energy savings and clean energy access be maintained as a priority. In order to ensure the safety of electricity, priority is given to ensuring access to clean energy sources such as hydropower.
To promote the proliferation of clean energy. To establish a system of priority electricity generation, with a view to implementing the national energy strategy and ensuring the delivery of clean energy, priority is given to type II safeguards (photovoltaic, wind, biomass, etc.) to the distribution of electricity from national plans to electricity in transit across provinces and regions.
This is mainly the case of depreciation, which, in the case of Yangtze electricity, was reduced to 191.7 per cent in 2017-2021, and the respective fiscal fees. Thus, as noted above, the hydropower sector has a clear business model, a high profitability, a robust cash flow and a high rate of dividends, and therefore has a significant defensive value, with significant excess gains during the lower line.
2.2. Focus: the most scarce resource endowments, with Kim Sha, Yang and Yang River being the focus of the hydroelectric planning base, and based on the results of the national water resource review published by the National Development and Reform Commission in 2005
At 608 trillion kilowatt-hours per year, 694 million kilowatt-hours are stored in theoretical storage; at 247 trillion kilowatt-hours per year, 542 million kilowatt-hours can be developed in technology. Of these, the “13” hydroelectric bases planned in the country have a total installed capacity of 275 million kilowatts. According to the report issued by the Union, by the end of 2020, the capacity of the hydroelectric plants in the country was 370 million kilowatts.
Kilowatts. Among the hydroelectric plants developed and to be developed at the “Thirteen” hydroelectric bases, with the exception of the crane beach power station and the Utunde power station, the increase in installed power plants above 5 million kW is close to zero, and high-quality large hydropower has a high degree of scarcity.
This will amount to 898 million kilowatts, with a planned investment of hundreds of billions. Successful development will become an important energy base for the West East. 2) Midstream (Yunnan Jinsha River Midstream Hydropower Development Co. Ltd.): China-Arab Hydropower Station will develop the fourth ladder of an elevator level 8 development programme. The power station will be powered with a installed capacity of 2096 million kilowatts. 3) Downstream (three thousand three thousand kilowatts).
Jingse River Yunchun Hydropower Development Co. Ltd.: The 4-stage hydroelectric plant is planned to open in two phases: the 4-strategized hydroelectric power plant, the 1-stage construction of the 1st engineering stream and the 1st dam hydroelectric plant has been completed, the 2nd phase of the construction of the Utungde and White Crane Beach hydroelectric power station is still operating in an intensive and orderly manner. The total installed capacity of the 4-stage hydroelectric plant is 42.15 million kilowatts.
At the end of 2021, the total planned capacity of the hydroelectric base in the Jinsha River was 72,09 million kilowatts, of which 30,72 million kilowatts had been completed and 34,170,000 kilowatts were under construction and 7.2 million kilowatts were under construction.
Ten thousand kilowatts, of which 3,344,000 kilowatts are located in Sichuan, representing 99.2% of the entire basin, of which 22 million kilowatts are stored in the theory of dry current water energy, 1144 million kilowatts in the tributary, and 30 million kilowatts in the potential development of water energy resources throughout the basin, 2971 kilowatts are planned for development.
At the end of 2021, the Yagi River Water and Power Base had been built at a total capacity of 19.2 million kilowatts and was in the process of being installed at 5.52 million kilowatts.
The development of the South Sea, the Three Gorges, and the Gough Dam, stage 5, with a total installed capacity of 321.090 million kw and a guaranteed contribution of 7,438,000 kw, with an annual electricity output of 127.5 billion kwh. The three Gorges project is located in Yichang, Hubei Province, and is the focus of work in this river sector. The Gough Dam Water Hub, with a installed capacity of 2,715,000 kw, has a guaranteed capacity of 7,68 million kw, generating 1.57 billion kw per year.
The project has been completed. With the exception of the three gorges and the Goose Dam hydroelectric plant, the construction of 3 million kilowatts has been prepared and the installation of 1.764,000 kilowatts in the sub-sea-south hydroelectric plant, which has been suspended.
We have chosen the sw hydropower index against the upper certificate, using as a benchmark the collection price (total equity weighted average) as of 14 January 2000, and since 2000, where the above indicator has increased by less than zero, sw hydroelectricity has been compared across sectors: hydropower is more dynamic than transport and more stable than coal performance.
High rates of dividends, low valuations of robust varieties are generally concentrated in the hydropower, shipping, coal, etc., and we have chosen: 1) Yangjiang electricity in the electricity sector, and energy and electricity in the country; 2) Tai Qin railways in the shipping industry, and Quan Quan Quan Quan +a; 3) China's Shinhua and Xiaoxi coal industry in the coal industry, in an inter-industry comparison.
The dividends ranged from a high to a low rate: China ' s Shunhua (8.18 per cent), Qin Railway (7.29 per cent), Xiangxi Coal (6.97 per cent), Xiang Jian Jiaoa (6.95 per cent), Yangtze Power (3.52 per cent), Kawakian Energy (3.36 per cent) and China Power (1.55 per cent).pe (ttm) rank from a low to a high level: Xiangxi Coal Industry (9), Qin Railway (9), Xiang Jinga (10), China
(b) The pb is from low to high: the Qin Railway (0.80), China (1.63), China (1.68), China (1.69), Kawasaka energy (1.69), Xiaoxi coal (2.21) and Yangtze (2.91).
The average of roe for 2019-2021 was in order from high to low: Xiaoxi Coal (23.90 per cent), Yangtze Power (15.33 per cent), Qin High Highwaya (14.28 per cent), Xianghua (12.46 per cent), Xuan Energy (10.98 per cent), Tai Qin Railway (10.54 per cent), Xianghua (4.80 per cent), Xiaoxi Coal (3.81 per cent), Qin Energy (3.62 per cent), Tai Qin Railway (3.41 per cent), Xin High
China (12.16 per cent), Shaanxi Coal (7.73 per cent), Yangtze Power (7.11 per cent), Kawasaka Energy (6.95 per cent), Luang High Highwaya Summary: The indicators we will select are based on dividends, pe (ttm), pb, Roe (2019), Roe (2020), the hydropower industry still has new crews and in a share, growth is a constant theme; 2) the hydropower sector compared to coal industry
3. Hydroelectricity and water in the Yagi River: scarce assets with high-quality resource endowments, two or three Yang power stations will pay off 1) resource endowments: Yeijiang has planned to develop a level 22 power station with a capacity of 30 million kilowatts.
The country's 13 largest hydropower bases are ranked third in their size. According to the company's long-term development planning and strategy, two “four-phase” strategies for green energy development, namely, the “four-phase” strategy for hydro-energy resource development and the “four-phase” strategy for new energy sources and extraction storage, are expected to continue to grow in the next few years.)
In 2019-2021, the average number of hours used by the company's crew was higher than the average number of hours used in Sichuan Province.
3.1. Resource endowments: The 13 largest hydroelectric bases are ranked third and are still growing over the next few years. Under the authority of the National Development and Reform Commission, the company is responsible for the implementation of the Yagi River Water Resources Development and is fully responsible for the construction and management of the Yagi River Trail Water Station.
The 13 largest hydroelectric bases planned throughout the country are ranked third in their size. Because of the Yagi River basin, water is abundant and falling, it is a natural green energy reservoir, with prominent features such as the abundance of water resources, good regulatory performance, low losses from flooding, and superior economic indicators, and the company has the advantage of authorizing the development of the Yagi River ladder.
The high priority and support given by the State and the Sichuan government have enabled the company to have a strong combination of power in the same industry. Thousands of kilowatts. Four of these plants were installed at the Kikuchi Forest hydroelectric plant, with a capacity of 150,000 kilowatts per generator; four were installed at the official hydroelectric plant, with a capacity of 600,000 kilowatts per generator; and eight were installed at the Jin screen secondary hydroelectric plant.
The capacity of each generator is 600,000 kilowatts; the installed capacity of six electric power stations at the Jin screen level is 600,000 kilowatts per generator; the installed capacity of four electric power stations at the Yang Quyuan Valley is 375,000 kilowatts per generator; and the installed capacity of six hydropower stations at the mouth of the two rivers is 500,000 kilowatts per generator.
In addition, Yajiang has been actively involved in new energy plates and has acquired 20,000 kW of light voltage plant installed in the Sha River, 10,000 kW of light voltage station installed in Daejeon, and 40.95 kW of the Dechang electric field. At the national level, Yaji River Water Transport has the capacity of a hydroelectric plant in front of a hydroelectric company.
The most difficult thing is that in the years to come, Yagi River hydropower will continue to grow. According to the company’s long-term development policy, the company’s strategic objective is to create a green clean renewable energy enterprise with the most complete, efficient and integrated management of ladders, and a brand of green and clean renewable energy from the middle to the middle.
The Division's strategic objective is to implement two “four-phase” strategies for green energy development, namely, the “four-phase” strategy for water resources development and the “four-phase” strategy for new energy and pumping energy storage development. 1) Water resources development strategy.
Phase II: By 2015, complete hydropower development at the lower steps of the Yagi River will be completed with the construction of a water station with a screen, a power station for official areas, a power station for Kiryu and a hydroelectric plant for Kiryu. The company’s power generation capacity will be raised to 14.7 million kW, and the benefits of scale and ladder compensation will be shown initially, forming the prototype for the management of the modern basin ladders.
Phase III: By 2030, the development of hydropower in the Yagi River basin will continue in depth, with the construction of four to five main escalator stations in the middle of the Yagi River, including two estuaries, with the addition of about 8 million kilowatts, the company ' s hydropower capacity reaching about 23 million kilowatts, and the company ' s accession to the world.
Phase IV: By mid-century, the development of a whole-basin hydropower project was completed, and the development of hydropower in the Yakwan river basin was fully completed. The company's hydropower capacity reached about 30 million kW. 2) The strategy for the development of new energy sources and water-pumping storage is a “four-phase” one.
In the watersheds, a demonstration base plan and study of key issues of clean and clean renewable energy sources are being developed to implement the technical conditions of the project. Phase II: by 2030, the new wind and wind energy development has made a substantial breakthrough in the effort to install new energy sources of around 20 million kilowatts; water extraction and storage planning has been completed, with the aim of reaching about 5 million kilowatts in size, the Yagi River current.
The green and clean renewable energy demonstration base is at the beginning of scale. Phase 3: By 2035, full-scale development of new energy sources in the Yagi River basin will have reached around 30 million kilowatts, water-pumpers will have reached about 10 million kilowatts, and the benefits of complementarities will be highlighted.
The demonstration base is almost complete. Before the middle of the century, new energy sources and pumping storage units amounted to more than 50 million kilowatts, and the demonstration base for clean and clean renewable energy in the Yagi river basin was fully built to achieve the world ' s largest amount of energy, including 6.4 million kilowatts for Jiangsu, 2.4 million kilowatts for Sichuan, and 2 million kilowatts for Chongqing, from the headquarters of the National Network.
In 2019-2021, the company generated 74,732 million kW of electricity, respectively.
At the same time, 77,468 million kWh and 77,905 million kWh respectively, electricity was sold at 74,321 million kWh, 77,034 million kWh, 0.2619 kWh/kWh, the average number of hours used by the crew was 5084, 5269 and 5125, which was 1411, 1092 and 855 hours higher than the average number of hours spent in Sichuan province. In 2017 and 2021, the revenue from Yakang was 162,79 and 162, respectively.
1) Two estuaries hydroelectric power station: located in Yajiang County, Ganze Province, Sichuan Province, with a total installed capacity of 3 million kw. According to the approved assessment report of the two estuaries hydroelectric power station, the storage capacity of 6.56 billion m3 has been regulated over a number of years. It is a control reservoir downstream of the river ' s dry current. The development of its downstream power station will allow for full compensating for the ladders of the two estuaries.
The two estuaries will generate an average of 11 billion kwh per year of electricity each year after their construction. This will increase the annual capacity of the escalators below the estuaries of the Yagi River by 10.2 billion kwh per year, increase the annual capacity of the Jinsha River and the Yangtze Three Gorges and Gojia Dam power stations by 6.7 billion kwh per year, and reduce the capacity of the electricity system by 4.8 billion.
kwh, taking into account the benefits of the ladder compensation, the average annual power generation will be 32.7 billion kwh, or 10.7 million tonnes of coal. Two estuaries, the hydroelectric plant will add 22.5 billion kwhh to the desolation of the estuary of the Yagi River, increasing the average annual contribution to the water-rich period in Sichuan by about 14%. The two estuaries and the two estuaries are more regulated.
With the construction of a good hydroelectric plant, the entire Sichuan hydropower year-on-year flat lifting will average about 70 per cent of the water-rich period, with a view to alleviating the structural power-deficiencies in the Sichuan power grid, optimizing the power supply structure of the Sichuan power grid, and the Yang Trench hydroelectric power station, located in Suri County, Sichuan province, for the approved purpose of the Yujang River in Sichuan province.
The total installed capacity of the power station is 1.5 million kw, generating an average of about 5,962 million kwh per year at the time of its separate operation, and about 6,856 million kwh per year at the time of its joint operation with the two upstream estuaries.
Promotion of hydropower consumption in the south-west region, with the start of the Sichuan hydroelectric and electrical transmission project to Jiangxit, namely, the Yatsin-Janxi ~800 kV (Sichuan Power ~ 800 kV) direct transmission project, and three special high-pressure direct lines: Eibin-Kinghua ~ 800 kV, Jin screen-Sunnan ~ 800 kV, dam-to-home, etc.
On 21 June 2021, the Yadang-Janxi 800 kVV direct current project was officially launched, contributing to the production of electricity from the Yang Qui hydroelectric power station to Jiang Xi's important link, the two estuary and the Yang Qui electric power station, with a particularly attractive rate of dividends after the increase in the red ratio.
The power station was fully built in March 2022, an increase of 30.61 per cent in the capacity of the Yagi River hydrogen organic group. According to our calculations, the combined investment in the two estuaries + the Yang Trench amounts to 86,459 million yuan, assuming that all was converted into fixed assets (actually not fully converted, very conservatively measured), and the depreciable depreciation of approximately 2,882 million yuan/year based on a 30-year depreciation period;
In terms of operating costs, the total interest-bearing liability for Yagi River hydroelectricity rose from 78.531 billion yuan to 84,088 million yuan between 2017 and 2021, with limited growth, suggesting that Yagi River hydroelectricity had completed the construction of two estuaries and a Yangtze ditch by capital and its own cash flow alone, resulting in an additional financial cost of $972 million per year, even without taking into account the water reservoirs of the two estuaries.
As we explained earlier, in 2017-2021, the sum of 12.11 per cent, calculated as 3.78 per cent of Yangjiang's electricity dividends, was significantly undervalued.
Figure 21: Shares on the Yangtze Power and on the Kawa River since 2018 (%) Figure 20: Interest-bearing liabilities on the Yagi River hydropower (billion yuan) for 2017-2021 should be 15, 14 and 14 times higher, taking into account that: 1) at the corporate level, performance is mainly from the Yagi River hydropower, split
With a significant defensive value; 3) water and water from Yagi River, with scarce assets from high-quality resource endowments, the two-and-young power stations will contribute to the growth of performance, so we cover for the first time the company's “buy-in” rating. 1) The demand for end-use electricity has been reduced at the macro-economic level, water is not expected and electricity generation hours are not expected.
2) The prices of electricity for end-use sales have continued to decline as a result of policy influences, company performance has been affected by lower prices, new power stations have been operating at a slower pace than expected; 3) the pace of electricity reform has not progressed as expected, the country ' s investment in the grid has not been as high as expected and the construction of the super-pressure has not progressed
Three major financial forecasts for Kawasaki Energy.