"Researchchand developmentcenter..."
- The Ultraviolet Deep Report (002049.sz) The Purple East comes to shine, the Special Chips rises to the power of the nation.
I. The UV country is the top supplier of chip design and system-level solutions in the country, the product product is complete, the UV country is ready (002049.sz) and the industry is wide-ranging. The company’s main business is integrated circuit chip design and sale.
The two main industries are integrated circuits, smart safety chips, and the deployment of semiconductor power devices and crystal crystal frequency devices. The company’s special integrated circuits are at the forefront of the country, the company’s main profit being an integrated circuit operation with a Māori rate of 79.64%, contributing 78% of the company’s Māori.
The special integrated circuits market is vast, leading to corporate growth curves. UV's micro-control subsidiary, Shenzhen City, is a leading company in the field of special integrated circuit segmentation in the country.
Fpga is a leading national supplier. The state of electronics technology is at the top of the country. It now has seven series of products, nearly 500 of which are in the product category, and the core is widely used in the relevant areas. Special integrated circuits are the basis for special equipment, information-based equipment, and special integrated circuits.
Autonomy is extremely far-reaching for the development of specialized industries. With the expanding size of the special integrated circuit market and the growing demand for national production, two factors together will drive the rapid growth in the profitability of micro-power in Shenzhen, and will strongly contribute to the growth of the micro-performance of the purple country.
The fpga market has strong demand, and the national production replacement space is huge. The fpga is a complex programming logic device that allows for any numerical logic, which addresses both the shortcomings of custom-made circuits and the limitations and flexibility of the original programming device door circuits. The fpga is widely applied to 5g,
In the areas of artificial intelligence, industrial control, and special integrated circuits, the global fpga market has continued to grow steadily in recent years, with strong belts in these industries, rising from $7.5 billion in 2020 to $12.5 billion in 2025. But the global supply imbalance of fpga, the world’s top four Americas, has been uneven.
The company accounts for more than 92% of the world's fpga supply market. Utility is a domestic fpga leader, and the company's large-scale fpga R & D is progressing well, with a recent increase and decline (%) in January.
Small-scale fpga multi-products are maturing and steadily delivering, and the future is expected to lead the fpga country ~5g to open new spaces for smart security chips, and car-car-car-mcu boosters are growing.
Security chip designs in areas such as identification, object networking, mobile communications. The company has now developed two core product lines of smart card security chips and smart terminal security chips that provide access to security, physical certification, and solutions related to security payments.
New applications such as smart terminals, car connections, etc., have opened up future space for intelligent safety chip growth. In the first half of 2021, the company was able to make a successful debt transfer, raising $1.5 billion in funds, mainly for use.
Research on and industrialization of high-end safety chips and vehicle controller chips. The mcu market is vast, and as car intelligence and network connectivity improves, companies are expected to capture the opportunities of the age of car regulation safety chips and high-speed motor vehicle mcu development, bringing a second growth curve to company development.
There have been a number of breakthroughs in the development and sale of power-free, purple-free, semiconductor devices. The company has developed and produced sjmosfet, dtmosfet, hvdmos, gbt, gto, halfbridgegate.
An advanced semiconductor power device, such as Driver, is widely applied downstream. A subsidiary, Tangshan State core crystal source electronics, is engaged in the operations of the Stone-Engrystal Synthesis, Oscillator.
Network transmission speeds, transmission delays, 5g communications, car connectivity, etc., all put higher demands on circuit responsiveness, the accuracy of the reference clocks in the circuit system, crystallization of new opportunities, Sindh Securities Inc.
In the first half of 2021, sales revenue was $129 million, an increase of 49.6 per cent over the same period.
For the first time in Beijing, in Beijing, in the West Side, the House of 9th Street, the company's high-growth and market leadership in the area of special integrated circuits and its future development space in emerging areas such as automobiles and electronics were covered with a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: The company ' s R & D progress is not as fast as expected, the downstream crystal-crystal generation plant production stress risk, changes in industrial policy risk, increased market competition risk.1 The market for special integrated circuits is wide, leading the company to grow fast. Special integrated circuits are special equipment, information-based equipment.
Based on the fact that achieving the autonomous control of the special integrated circuits is extremely far-reaching for the development of the special sector, the current rate of domestic integrated circuits is still low, and there is an enormous amount of room for future autonomous upgrades. The company’s controlling subsidiary, Shenzhen Shenzhen, is home to hundreds of millions of dollars, up by 69.91%, continues to grow rapidly, and the market for the special integrated circuits continues to grow in the future.
Large, and growing demand for national production, companies are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future.2 The fpga market has strong demand, and the national production replacement space is huge. fpga is widely used in areas such as 5g, artificial intelligence, industrial control, special integrated circuits, and the global fpga market is expected to grow from $7.5 billion in 2020 to 2025.
However, the global supply of fpga is still dominated by foreign manufacturers, with the top four American companies occupying more than 92% of the world’s fpga supply market. Purple is a domestic fpga leader, and the company’s large-scale fpga R & D is progressing well, with medium- and small-scale fpga multi-products growing in maturity and steadily delivering goods in the future.
Three, fiveg open new spaces for smart security chips, and car-car-mcu boosters grow. Purple lights, a small fully-owned subsidiary of Purple Light, is a domestic smart-security chip-leading enterprise that has a long-term commitment to safe payment, identification, object networking, mobile communication, etc.
The company has now developed two core product lines of smart card security chips and smart terminal security chips, which provide access to and solutions for the security of the network, identity certification, and security payments. The dynamic development of 5g communications, material networking has created additional space for the company's 5g supersim card, esim card chips, new smart terminals, car connectivity, etc.
In addition, in the first half of 2021, the company released $1.5 billion in revolving funds for high-end safety chip and vehicle control chip development and industrialization. The mcu market is vast, and as car intelligence and web connectivity improves, the company will capture the car code safety chip and the high-speed motormcu development.
The opportunity of the times has brought a second growth curve to corporate development.
The company’s main business is the design and sale of integrated circuit chips, with special integrated circuits, smart safety chips, and the layout of semiconductor power and quartz crystal frequency devices. The company’s special integrated circuits are located at the top of the country.
The company focuses on the design of integrated circuit chips, with a deep skill build-up of technology, capital, talent, and commitment to mobile communications, finance, government, automobiles, industry, and networking, with top-notch chip design capabilities and system-level solutions, and has developed smartcard security chips, smart terminals.
A few large product groups, such as safe chips, high-stability memory chips, programable system chips and semiconductor power devices, and dozens of microdevelopments across the UV country, companies rely mainly on extended M&As to expand their coverage.
In 2012, the company issued shares to purchase 100% of the shares of the Beijing Emblem Electronics Ltd., which was placed on the map: in the same year, the company issued shares to purchase the Shenzhen City Microelectronics Ltd., entering the special chip field: “The Tang Shan Crystal”
So, the company's two main companies acquired the country's Microtech Ltd. and invested in the establishment of a fully-owned company, Hong Kong Harbour Investment Co. Ltd. In 2015, the company acquired 76% of the shares of the country's Xian Purple Swig semiconductor, entered the storage chip field and acquired them in 2017.
The remaining 24 per cent of the shares of the Xi-An-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si, is-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si, is-Si-Si is-Si is-Si is-Si-Si-Si, is-Si-Si-Si-Si, is-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si, is-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si is-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si is-Si is-Si is-Si-Si is-Si is-Si, is
Benefiting from the rapid growth of the integrated circuit industry, the company has maintained a rapid growth trend over the past five years. Corporate revenue fell by 4.66 per cent in 2016 as a result of the sale of 76 per cent of the shares of its subsidiary, the Xian purple core, at the end of 2019, which became part of the company and was no longer included in the consolidated financial statements of the company, for example, by deducting the merger.
In 2021, in the midst of the global “deficit core” wave, the semiconductor industry increased, with the company growing by 56.54% in the first half of 2021, with rapid growth. At the profit end, the company’s profitability has gradually increased in recent years. In 2020, the company achieved a net return profit of 806 million yuan.
The increase was 98.74%, not as a result of storage operations, but rather because of the growth of special integrated circuit operations. In 2021, the net return profits of companies continued to grow significantly, with net return profits of 876 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 117.84% over the year 2020.
Special integrated circuits and smart security chips are two of the company’s most central major operations, with a higher share of revenues and a higher rate of growth of both, at $1 billion, at a 24.41 per cent compound annual rate; their share fell from 40.1 per cent in 2016 to 33.64 per cent in the first half of 2021.
Special integrated circuits, smart security chips, which contribute the vast majority of the company ' s Māori, contributed 1.333 billion yuan in 2020 and 338 million yuan in 2020, representing 78% and 20% of Māori, respectively. The Māori level of special integrated circuit operations has remained stable over time, rising from 65.34% in 2016 to 79.64% in 2020.
In 2017, there was only a small decline. The rise in the share of income in the special integrated circuit business also led to a change in the company’s overall Māori ratio, which had risen from 30.15% to 57.02% since 2018.
At the cost end, the overall cost of the company has shown an upward trend with the growth in corporate revenue. As a result of the expansion of corporate sales, the cost of corporate sales has shown a gradual upward trend from 2018 to 2020: management costs have been significantly reduced in 2020 as a result of depreciation amortization and reductions in intermediary fees, and the management cost rate has been declining year by year. The financial cost rate has been relatively small, at less than 1 per cent.
Given the high demand downstream in the integrated circuit industry, corporate sales of integrated circuits and electronic components have been increasing rapidly in recent years. The volume of integrated circuit sales has grown rapidly from 986 million in 2016 to 2,312 million in 2020, with a compound rate of annual growth.
23.74 per cent: Electronic components sales increased from 243 million in 2016 to 491 million in 2020, with an average annual compound of 10,000, both of which maintain high water levels, which is the industry context in which companies are actively responding to the current low-capacity and high downstream demand for semiconductor products.
3: The stock structure is stable, and the company is a core company under the flag of the Purple Group, which holds 32.39% of the purple state emblem through its subsidiary, Tibet Purple Springs Investment Company Limited. The company is the largest integrated circuit company in China, with multiple core subsidiaries, and a package.
The semiconductor industry, which includes such semiconductor companies as Ultraviolet, Ultraviolet, Purple Storage, Yangtze Storage, etc., is committed to digitizing the industry and the society, building the ecological chain of high-tech industries from the “core industry” to the “ Cloud industry.” Cinghua Holdings Ltd., the largest shareholder of the Purple Group, is the actual controller of Purple Light.
There are five core enterprises operating in different sub-areas under the UV flag: (1) Shenzhen City Emblem Electronics Ltd.: the main business is the design, development and sale of special integrated circuits. The product covers microprocessors, programmable devices, storage units, busware, network buss and interfaces, simulators, sopc system devices and
Customization of seven series of products, such as chips, with nearly 500 varieties, while providing user asic/soc design development services and a chip-level solution for national production systems. (2) Purple-System Microelectronics Ltd.: The main business is the design, development and marketing of smart safety chips.
Security chip designs in areas such as financial payments, identification, networking, car connections, mobile communications, and the solutions provided include financial card, telecommunications card, m2m, residence permit, city pass card, residential health card, social security card, mobile payment card, se (security unit), usb-key, smart poss/mpos security master, non-contact readers
(c) Trade markets, where products are used both domestically and internationally. (3) Tinless Purple Microelectronics Ltd.: The main business is design development, chip processing, encapsulation testing and product marketing of semiconductor power devices.
Products such as advanced semiconductor power devices such as halfbridgegaedriver and associated power management integrated circuits should be widely used in the fields of new energy, smart power grids, electric cars, instrumentation, consumer electronics. (4) Tangshan Crystal Source Electronics Ltd.: The main business is the production of crystal frequency control devices.
All types of goods such as instruments, crystals oscillators, pressure-controlled crystals oscillators, thermostats, thermostatic oscillators, etc., should be widely used in a variety of areas, such as communications equipment, motor electronics, industrial controls, instrument instrumentation, etc. (5) Shenzhen City Purple Light and Electronics Ltd.: Uttar Pradesh's shareholding subsidiary, which operates mainly as programming logic devices.
R & D and production sales (fpga, cpld, etc.). In the first half of 2021, purple light completed a new round of replenishments and continued to increase R & D inputs. Large-scale fpga R & D is progressing well, with small- and medium-scale fpga multi-products maturing and steadily delivering, and significant progress has been made in the areas of video image processing, industrial control and consumer markets.
Research and development (R & D) is strong, technologically advanced, and as a chip design company, companies always focus on technological innovation and R & D inputs to ensure high-level competition among R & D firms. In 2016, R & D investments were 444 million yuan, and in 2020 they increased to 604 million yuan, with the total amount of R & D inputs.
In more than 20 years of chip development, companies have accumulated a strong intellectual-property advantage in the design and industrialization of integrated circuits. The number of new corporate patents has steadily increased in recent years, further enhancing the technological and R & D advantages of the company’s core products.
By the end of 2020, 25.54% of the company ' s technical staff had a master ' s degree or higher and were a product of the company.
At the same time, the company has put in place an adequate training system for its employees to develop an annual training plan that will enable them to improve their personal qualifications, technical expertise, job skills, and production safety in a continuous and effective manner, and to achieve a broad market for companies and, in particular, integrated circuits that will lead to corporate growth curves.
Special integrated circuits have a wide range of products and are highly technologically powerful. Special integrated circuits are widely used for special products, special equipment, etc., and require a high degree of reliability, safety, stability, etc.
Special environmental conditions, such as space, impose high temperature, low temperature, corrosion, and shock tolerance requirements on special integrated circuits. Thus, the design, manufacture, containment, testing, delivery, etc. of special integrated circuits are subject to very stringent standards.
The Shenzhen City Emblem Electronics was established in 1993 as a leading enterprise in the country’s special integrated circuit segmentation, with a technologically advanced position, and has now formed seven series of products with a wide range of applications in the relevant areas.
The development and development of new products of the company ' s special integrated circuits continued smoothly in 2020, with 116 new products itemized and 67 new products marketable.
More than 20 technological innovations, outstanding in terms of specialized network exchange, high-esd design, ultra-low noise design, and growing market for product applications. Special integrated circuit markets are growing in size, domestic production needs are growing, and both factors are driving Shenzhen's microelectronics together.
From 2018 to 2020, the Shenzhen city received 73.42% of its own microelectronic revenues. As a result of growing technological innovation in companies, research and development gains accumulated in the previous period began to produce economies of scale, resulting in a higher net profit rate and a higher rate of net profit than the growth rate.
Figure 18: Electronic collection of the emblem of Shenzhen, 2016-2020 (millions of yuan) Figure 19: Net electronic profit of the emblem of Shenzhen, 2018-2020 (billions) Special integrated circuits are the basis for special equipment, informational equipment and the autonomous control of special integrated circuits for special industries
Development is far-reaching. The Shenzhen City microelectronics, as the country’s top-heavy in the field of special integrated circuits, benefit from the urgent need for special equipment to inform and modernize, and, in the context of the special integrated circuits’ quest for autonomous control, will maintain a high and steady growth dynamic that will give a strong boost to the modest growth of the purple-lighted country.
Fpga market demand is strong, the national production replacement space is huge, and UV is a domestic fpga chip pipeline designer that leads the industry in the direction of progress.
(i) In the first half of 2021, the special fpga product of Shenzhen State Emblem Electronics was introduced, and the new generation of 2xnams of high-capacity fpga series was widely recognized in the market, in signal processing, information security, network connectivity, and self-financing.
Continued leadership in key areas such as mobile control: (2) Purple-like fpga is still in the R & D investment phase, and in the first half of 2021, purple-made co-generation completed a new round of financing, large-scale fpga R & D is progressing well, small- and medium-scale fpga multi-products are maturing and steadily delivering, and
Significant progress has been made in the area of video image processing, engineering and consumer markets. fpga (the field programmable door array) is a more complex programming logic device that builds on programmable devices such as pal, plat, and cpld, and can achieve any number logic. fpga is made up of many logical modules.
Each logical module usually consists of a trigger and logical function, as well as a network of circuits to connect to the logical module. The fpga is a semi-custody circuit in the asic field that addresses both the shortcomings of custom-made circuits and the limitations of the original programmable device door circuits. The special feature of the fpga is that the user can redefine each logical block and the connection between it, which can be used to construct the recovery.
The fpga combines the greatest advantages of the asic and processor-based system, which can provide hardware with time speed and steady characterization without large-scale input similar to the large upfront costs of custom-made asic chips.
The fpga chip. Unlike the generic processor, the fpga is a true parallel execution, so different processing operations do not have to compete for the same resources, each stand-alone task has a dedicated chip component that can operate independently from other logical blocks and with the same flexibility as the software that operates on the processor-based system.
The fpga has been widely applied in the areas of 5g, artificial intelligence, industrial control, and special integrated circuits. In recent years, in these industries, US$ 1 billion has grown to US$ 6,335 million in 2018. According to Marketresearchfuture, the global fpga market is expected to reach about US$ 12,521 million in 2025.
The global supply and demand pattern of fpga is uneven, and the future growth space for national production of fpga is wide. On the demand side, according to Market researchfuture, the largest global market for fpga in 2018 was the Asia-Pacific region, accounting for 39.16 per cent, North America for 33.94 per cent, and Europe for 19.42 per cent.
By 2025, Asia and the Pacific’s share in the global fpga market is expected to rise to 43.94%. On the supply side, Xilinx and altera together account for 87% of the world’s cities, showing a double-hatting pattern.
More than 92% of the world’s fpga supply market. Nationally produced fpga manufacturers are mainly purple co-inventories, microscopics, road technology, etc., have a small market share, and there is a large gap between technology levels, cost-control capabilities, software ease of use, etc., and head fpga manufacturers, with a wide range of national production alternatives.
Special microprocessors (mpu) are central processors made up of one or a few large-scale integrated circuits that perform control parts and arithmetic logical components. Microprocessors can complete extraction instructions, execute instructions, and perform external storages and tweaks.
Operations such as the exchange of information on the parts of the album are the operations control part of a microcomputer that can be made up of a memory and an outer circuit chip. Microprocessors typically include cpu, high-speed cache cache, numeracy units at floating points, flow lines and excess metric units that support circuits.
The global market size of mpu continued to grow as demand for the Internet grew. According to icinsights, the global market reached $90.7 billion in 2020. And the agency also projected that global mpu sales would grow by 14 per cent in 2021, reaching a record $10.37 billion, and sales would reach $12.7 billion in 2025.
A composite growth rate of 7.1 per cent was recorded for cellular application processors, which will grow by 34 per cent to $35.7 billion in 2021 as a result of the integration of 5g modems, 64 more cpus, high performance graphic/video kernels and kernels for artificial intelligence, machine learning and advanced cameras.
In the case of embedded processors, 11% is expected to rise this year, to $19.7 billion. Shenzhen State Microelectronics is the dominant manufacturer in the domestic mpu field, and the company has mastered the architecture design, command set design and implementation techniques for high-resilient microprocessors, and has set up a platform for designing, validating, and testing individual pieces and component bus products.
Programming techniques combined with system integration chips, successful roll-out of high-performance system integration products (sopc) with on-site programmable functionality, widely recognized in the market, and promising to contribute further to the growth of corporate revenue in the future.
The U.S.S. S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S. and S.S.S.T.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.
The company’s smart card security chips consist mainly of sim card chips, bankic chip, social security chip, traffic card chips, etc.
Safe chips and non-touch reader chips, etc. In 2020, the purple-and-core smart chip business reached an all-time high, with more than 10 billion smart security chips accumulated and the industry consolidated.
The six core technologies of safe algorithms, safe offensives, embedded storage, embedded programs, high reliability, etc., have a number of core know-how and are at the highest international level in terms of product safety. Corporate smart safety chips use high-efficiency design and leading global process technology nodes, have significant advantages in performance, cost, reliability, and have a silver chip security certification, a national secret secondary certification,
There is a clear technical advantage in terms of national and international certification, such as the aec-q100 Car Code certification. 1, 5g, the object network opens a new space for the sim card chip, the smart security chip is an in-house independent processor and storage unit that can independently generate and store secret keys and provide decryption.
Intelligent safety chips are divided into four broad categories: cpucard chip, a reader chip, a mpos chip and ausb-key chip. Smart security chips are widely used in mobile communications, financial payments, government and public utilities, item networking, automobiles, etc.
Millions, or 14.66% of the annual compound growth rate. Because of China’s large smart card demand, China’s smart card chip market has grown faster. According to Sullivan, China’s smart card chip exports grew from 3,671 million to 6,766 million in 2014-2018.
The 5g network has the advantage of high transmission speed, low transmission delay, and multiple connectivity devices, with a much higher rate of data transmission and storage space for 5g mobile phones than for 4g mobile phones. The traditional Sim card is no longer suitable for 5g mobile communication because of the shortcomings of the traditional sim card, which has a low storage capacity and low safety factor.
A new sim card, which also supports communications and large-volume storage functions, can be fully compatible with the 5g/4g/3g/2g network, allowing a combination of large capacity and large flow. At the same time, the product has powerful functions such as super-capacity, secure storage, and a key switch. 5g supersimcards have the following advantages compared to traditional sim cards:
With the rapid roll-out of 5g commercialization and increased penetration of 5g mobile phones, the 5g Super SimCard has gradually started to replace the traditional SimCard, which will generate new growth in corporate smart security chip operations. In the first half of 2021, the company SuperCam was launched in Uzbekstan, opening the process of globalization; the company supports China’s bid to move 111.4 million SuperCimCat products.
The collection project addresses the need for innovative applications such as 5g, digital payments, and digital identity. Figure 28: The UV 5g Super Simka esim Camans Network Terminal booms and the UV Emblem leads the way forward with the national production Esim card.
Cards refer to the direct embedding of traditional sim cards into the device chips, rather than including them as separate removalable components. Compared to the traditional sim cards, esim cards have the advantages of being smaller, more stable, multi-end one, fast, and flexible connections, thus meeting the need for miniaturization, water protection, seismic resistance, corrosion resistance, connectivity, etc.
At this stage, global mobile Internet connectivity is slowing down, while the growth in physical connectivity is strong. According to iotanalytics, the number of global network connections exceeded the number of non-physical connections for the first time in 2020, the number of global network connections reached 11.7 billion in 2020 and is expected to grow to 30.9 billion by 2025. The 5g era is an era of connectivity.
Each year, the share of Esim connections will exceed 50 per cent.
Demand, with a unique industry leader with a maximum work temperature range of -40 to 105 degrees Celsius, memory scratches of up to half a million and data retention for up to 20 years. With the rise of physical networking and nb-iot technology, Esim will play an increasingly important role in future mobile communications operations, with multiple functions such as forensics, encryption, transmission, purple light, etc.
The operation with the cysim card is bound to benefit from the big age of networking, bringing a new impetus for companies to grow in the long term. Figure 30: Comparison of the size of the cesim card with the traditional sim card 2, smart terminals, automobile electron fuel for new growth in the future
Smart door locks are often divided into major types, such as cryptographic, swipe, fingerprint recognition, face recognition, networking, etc.
In addition, the size of the smart door lock market has also grown steadily, with China ' s smart door lock market rules rising from 1,435 million yuan in 2015 to 2,7961 million yuan in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 17.17 per cent. With regard to market penetration, China ' s smart door lock market penetration was only 7 per cent in 2019, while South Korea ' s market penetration rate was as high as 70 per cent.
Euro-American market penetration rate is 50%, and China’s smart door lock market still has much room for growth. Figure 32: 2015-2019 China’s smart door locks market size (millions of dollars)
Protection is also extremely important. There is an explosive growth in the functionality of vehicles of all types, which provides the limitless power for hackers to hack into vehicles, the highest security risk against electronic information, and a steady rise in the demand for smart security chips for automobiles.
Faster and more efficient urban smart traffic, the company’s car code safety chip program has been imported into many well-known car companies, and a bulk supply has been achieved. At the same time, work on the development and industrialization of the mcu chip on the company’s convertible project is well under way, and it is hoped that the company will accelerate its growth and its future growth prospects.
mcu, also known as micro-controls, has a relatively high performance, programmable, low-capacity, etc. Cars are the first largest application of mcu worldwide, accounting for 33%, followed by industrial controls, medical care, computer networks, consumer electronics. mcu is divided into 8 and 32 places, and 8 mcu are used mainly in car fans, air conditioners, rainbrushes, skylights, windows, seating windows, etc.
Low-level functional controls, such as chairs, door locks, 32-bit mcu are used mainly for smart instrumentation, multimedia information systems, power systems, adas, etc. The high-speed growth period for car-car mcu is expected to occur as cars are electrified, intelligent, network-connected. According to the market forecast for icinsights, sales in 2021 will increase by 5% to 15.7 billion dollars, and in 2023.
Figure 36: Global lower mcu application Figure 37: Comparison of car regulation versus consumer chip requirements of car regulation mcu for indicators such as “functionality, reliability, working temperature”, second only to aerospace, military, etc.
In general, it takes two to three years for a car to complete a vehicle certification and enter the entire factory supply chain, and it is more difficult to develop and industrialization.
A 5-10-year supply cycle. Currently, the micro-wielding "super car core" car security chip program has been imported into a number of well-known car companies and delivered in bulk; as vehicle-borne mcu development and industrialization proceed well, the company is bound to grow.
The power semiconductor is the core semiconductor that controls electrical power conversions and circuit controls, allowing the flow of electrical circuits, swaths, transformers, inverts, pressure, transformers, power controls, etc.
The power separation device is the core of specific changes in circuits. The power semiconductor is widely applied downstream, extending from communications equipment, industrial control, consumer electronics in recent years to new emerging markets such as orbital transport, transformer power, smart power grids, electric cars, etc.
With the expansion of downstream markets, such as photovoltaics, new energy equipment, higher penetration of electric cars, and robust orbital transport, the global power-discreet market has grown. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the market for global power-discrete devices reached $20 billion in 2020, and is expected to grow to $27.6 billion in 2025.
The power semiconductor is booming, and the company is actively developing the R & D layout. The UV National Micro-Control Company is responsible for the development and sale of non-tin-violet microelectronics and semiconductor devices, which have achieved a number of breakthrough results. (1) The multi-layered sjmosfet 800v platform was successfully built and produced the only more than 800v extension product in the country: (2) the deep troughs sgtmosfet
100v product platform completed and successfully produced: (3) medium- and low-pressure dtmosfet/trenchmosfet further improves the integrated competitiveness of mainstream voltage platform products through consolidation, optimization: (4) on the third generation semiconductor layout, continue with the implementation breakthroughs in industrial power sources and fast chargers, based on the products and gensfet; (5)
High voltage sjmosfet is gradually improving the gen3 platform and the three-generation hyper-fine series of deep ditches. Products such as sjmosfet, dtmosfet, hvvdmos, gbt, gto, halfbridgegatedriver and related integrated power-management circuits should be widely developed and produced.
For energy conservation, green lighting, wind power, smart power grids, hybrid power \ electric cars, instrumentation, consumer electronics, etc. Currently, the semiconductor industry has a tight production capacity, with a limited increase in sales of corporate power devices, which are expected to provide a new impetus for companies to grow for profit in the future, with the expansion of their mills and the company’s collaboration with the mill.
The crystalline frequency device in the U.S.'s microlights has developed early, and the subsidiary Tangshan's core crystal source electrons are engaged in the development, production and sale of stone crystals, oscillators and photovoltaic materials.
An effect-based harmonic unit, used in conjunction with semiconductor and inhibitor components, can constitute a rock-ear crystal oscillator. A crystal oscillator can directly export a stable frequency signal by providing a system-shocking pulse for the circuit, or by selecting a frequency.
The UV-minus crystal crystal frequency device product covers all types of goods, such as crystal siliconsors, crystals oscillators, pressure-controlled crystals oscillators, heat, transistors, thermostatic oscillators, etc., and is widely applied in various areas such as communications equipment, auto electronics, industrial controls, instrument instrumentation, etc. The company ' s stone crystal business camp has been steadily increasing, with $141 million in 2016.
At the same time, the overall Māori rate has risen steadily, from 13.77% in 2016 to 19.75% in 2020. New industries such as 5g, the Internet, etc., have opened up growth space for corporate crystals.
5g communications, car connections, etc., all put more demands on circuit responsiveness, and on the accuracy of the reference clocks for the circuit system. The first half of the year was marked by a 49.6% increase in sales revenue from the diamond crystals business, and the company's research and development project for the 5g crystals was well under way.
Completion of construction and acceptance of the Harmonizer Industrialization project, resulting in mass production of 5g terminal with small crystals; acceptance of the "Technology Networking with Stone-Englycrystal Synergy Technology" project; progress of the ongoing project "Smallization of ocxo from 5g communications equipment with specialized ec research and development results": 5g with high frequency vcxo products successfully developed: 5g base station
The ocxo-specific sc is used to cut high-stability crystals in bulk; smartphones are developed with tsx thermo-sensitive crystals, and the competitiveness of public crystals products is further enhanced. V. Profit forecasting, valuation and investment ratings
Shenzhen, a company controlled subsidiary of Shenzhen, is a leading company in the area of special integrated circuit segmentation in the country. The company ' s products cover special microscopics, special programmable devices, special storage units, special network busses and interfaces, special simulators, special sopc system units, seven series of special custom chip products of close to 500 types, and are available to users asic/soc
Design development services and home-grown system chip-level solutions. Because of high barriers to entry into the special integrated circuit market and long R & D weeks, companies have a higher share in the domestic market, new products are now well developed, and the company’s special integrated circuits are expected to continue to grow and become more profitable in the future as the special integrated circuit market continues to grow in size and become fully autonomous.
The company's full-time company, the Purple Condoms, is a domestic smart security chip lead company that has now developed two core product lines of smart card security chips and smart end security chips that can provide related chips and solutions, such as network security, identity certification and security payments.
The smart terminal security chips, for example, include, among others, the usb-key chip, the posse safety chip and the non-contact reader chip. With the update of the 5g communication lead sim card chip, and the continued advancement of national digital governance, it is expected that this will lead to a new growth in corporate smart security chip operations.
In addition to this, the company’s crystallization business has grown steadily, and its share-sharing subsidiary, Purple, is leading the country in the fpga field, and the company is also in the vast market of active deployment power devices, car-borne mcu, and so on, and is expected to continue to do so in the coming years. We appreciate the company’s ability to develop and market its products in the special integrated circuits, and the company’s potential to benefit from these special components in depth.
Taking into account the Division's leading position and high performance in the area of special integrated circuits, we believe that the company is still undervalued and covered for the first time, and that the company's R & D progress is not as fast as expected, as well as the risk of production tension in downstream crystallized production, the risk of changes in industrial policy and the market.
Fang Jing, a leading student at Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and has foreign experience abroad, including in Texas instruments, and is familiar with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains. He is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor business incubator platform, 10 coffees, which helped many semiconductor companies to finance early times.
The Gold Cow Award is number 3/2 in the electronics industry: Li Xiaoqing, Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018 and Sindam Securities in 2020, covering mainly crystal mills, digital chips and radio frequencies, with a balance between panels and smart machines.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sindha securities in 2020, covering vrar, optical, and storage plates. Autumn Kotao, a Master of Asset Assessment, joined the Sinda securities in 2020, with the ability to produce, cover power, simulation, and seal plates.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.