Special integrated circuit operation with a large national production space, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: 2021h1, the company achieved operating income of $2.29 billion, an increase of 56.5 per cent over the same period; net profit of $880 million for the mother, an increase of 117.8 per cent over the same period; high expectations for the company ' s performance and significant growth in its core business.
Significant growth in business performance, significant growth in the volume of special integrated circuits, continued expansion in the size of users, 56.5 per cent growth in corporate gross receipts over the reporting period, a significant increase over previous years.) In terms of profitability, the Māori ratio of major business integrated circuits and electronic components increased significantly, and the overall Māori ratio of companies increased significantly.
57.0 per cent, an increase of 1.9 pp in the same year; net interest rate of 38.6 per cent, an increase of 11.1 pp in the same year);) at the cost end, the cost of corporate sales was 4.1 per cent, a decrease of 2.4 pp in the same year; the management cost was 3.7 per cent, which is a large national production space for business, and special integrated circuits.
To benefit from the rapid growth in the development of defence information, the rate of national production of special integrated circuits will continue to increase. The competitiveness of the company’s special integrated circuit operations is increasing, they are widely recognized and used by clients, and research and production are entering the scale of a virtuous cycle.
During the reporting period, the company added 116 new product lines, 67 new marketable products, and more than 20 technological innovations, with a growing market for product applications as the company became more prominent in special network exchange techniques, high-esd design techniques, ultra-low noise design techniques.
Research and development continues to advance, providing an enormous incentive for subsequent development. Research and development investments are increasing, and smart security chip innovations are evident. Companies are patented and innovative.
With the highest global level of security certification sogisceal6+ and the first domestic security chip to support a core double application of the emv, the sm9 algorithm of this chip has been certified as the first national level security chip to be certified. The company has continued to strengthen its research and development innovation efforts and has continued to launch a series of innovative products.
Companies are one of the largest integrated circuit design companies in the country. They focus on digital security, smart computing, power and power management, high-security integrated circuits, and are leading chip product and solution providers.
Products are widely used in mobile communications, financial payments, digital government, utilities, material networking and intellectual life, electronic equipment, electricity and power management, smart cars, artificial intelligence. The company's car control chip research and development project is well under way and will further expand its electronics product lines in the future. Through years of market tillage, companies have accumulated deep customer resources, together with a large amount of resources.
The world’s leading smart card dealers, telecommunications operators, financial institutions, research institutes, social security, transportation, health, etc. are working closely with their clients, selling their products to the global market. In the area of smart security chips, the company’s Sim card chip business is among the top in China and the world, with the Chinese National Bank card chip, the new generation of traffic card chips, and identity cards.
Readers, posse chips, and their share of the market are home-grown leaders. In the area of highly reliable integrated circuits, companies have become one of the largest suppliers in the country, with users in the various fields involved.
The development of the company can be divided into three main stages: 2001-2009: the establishment of the company, which began with the operation of crystal components. In 2001, the Tangshan Xinjin Electronics Unit Ltd. was established, mainly for the development, production and sale of electrostatic crystals.
The division officially listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange as the first company to be listed in the same industry. 2010-2015: multiple mergers and acquisitions, diversified company operations. In 2010, 25% of the company ' s shares were exchanged with the company, and the actual controller changed to Qinghua Holdings Ltd. From 2011 onwards, the company started self-financing.
Kim built the led sapphire line to enter the led industry. In 2012, the company reorganized its major assets and acquired Beijing Co-Personal Microelectronics Ltd. (later renamed Purple Pyroscope Microelectronics Co. Ltd.) and Shenzhen City National Microelectronics Ltd., expanding the main business into integrated circuits. In 2013, the company founded Shenzhen Co-founder.
In 2015, the company acquired 76% of the shares in the storage chip area of Xi'an Ultraviolet Semiconductor Limited. 2016-present: incorporated into the Purple Group, the company moved into groupization. In 2016, the Purple Group Limited became the national producer of fpga.
In 2017, the company transferred 76% of its shareholdings to the violet core to purple light storage, and then because the company was not involved in 2020 to Xiaan.
The stock share of the purple core in the company fell from 24% to 8.7%. Figure 2: The company’s main development history, the equity structure of the company, is more concentrated and stable. Qinghua Holdings Ltd. holds public interest through the Tibet Purple Springs Investment Company Ltd.
The division holds 32.39% of the shares, and is the actual controller of the company. Since 2010, when the company’s actual controller was changed to Qinghua Holdings Limited, the company’s actual controller has not changed.
The company's main business consists mainly of special integrated circuit operations, smart security chip operations, crystalware operations, memory chip operations and other operations.
Special integrated circuit operations achieved revenues of $1.67 billion in 2020, an increase of 55.0 per cent in the same year, and operating income of 51.2 per cent; smart security chip operations achieved revenues of $1.36 billion, an increase of 3.1 per cent in the same year and of 41.7 per cent in the same year; crystalworks operations generated revenues of $200 million, an increase of 16.9 per cent in the same year and 6.0 per cent in the same year; and the State of violet West in 2020.
The core is no longer part of the company's merger, with the memory chip business operating revenue falling by 98.7 per cent over the year, and the company's remaining memory chip operating income is relatively small. 2021h1, the special integrated circuit business achieved revenue of $1.37 billion, an increase of 69.9 per cent over the same period, operating income rising further over the 20-year period compared to 59.8 per cent; and the smart security chip business generated revenue of $770 million, a decrease of the same amount.
40.1 per cent growth, with 33.6 per cent operating income; crystalware operations achieving 120 million yuan, with 49.6 per cent growth compared to the same year, and operating income with 5.6 per cent. In terms of Māori structure, the Māori rate for special integrated circuit operations in the company ' s main business was 79.6 per cent in 2020, and Māori accounted for 79.6 per cent.
This compares with 77.9 per cent; 24.8 per cent for smart security chip operations and 19.8 per cent for Maori; 19.7 per cent for crystalware operations and 2.3 per cent for 2021h1 and 76.8 per cent for special integrated circuit operations and 80.6 per cent for Maori; 29.7 per cent for smart security chip operations and 17.5 per cent for Maori; and 17.5 per cent for crystalware operations.
19.3 per cent, Māori 1.9 per cent, and corporate operating income continued to grow and net profits broke out. Reviewing the company ' s business performance in previous years: between 2016 and 2019, the company grew steadily and at an increasing rate from year to year, with operating income rising from RMB 1.42 billion to RMB 3.43 billion, with an overall compound annual growth rate of about RMB 3.43 billion.
34.2% In 2020, the company’s operating income fell to $3.27 billion, as the company no longer incorporated the Xian purple core. After deducting this impact, the company’s operating income increased significantly from the same period the previous year. Between 2016 and 2020, the net profit on the company’s return increased from $340 million to $810 million, with a combined annual growth rate of about 24.5%.
The increase of 98.7 per cent over the same period was largely due to the firm's further strengthening of the industry in the special integrated circuit operations of the high Maori, the continued expansion of the user base, the increasing number of high-quality large clients and the simultaneous growth in size and profitability.
Business growth has been significant, with revenue and net profits growing at $2.29 billion, an increase of 56.5 per cent in the same year; and net profit returns at $880 million, an increase of 117.8 per cent in the same year.
In terms of profit margins: in 2020, the company ' s Māori rate was 52.3 per cent, an increase of 16.6 pp over the same period last year; net interest rate was 24.5 per cent, an increase of 12.8 pp over the same period last year; the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate increased the main business structure optimized and the high Māori specialty integrated circuits increased significantly the same year. 2021h1, the company ' s Māori rate was 57.0 per cent, an increase of 1.9 pp over the same period; the net interest rate was 1.9 pp.
38.6%, an increase of 11.1 pp over the same period. The large increase in the Māori rate and net interest rate has largely benefited from an increase in the ratio of operations at a high Māori rate, reflecting the firm’s stronger operating efficiency. Net operating cash flows are on the rise.
The net cash flow from corporate operations as a whole has grown, from 130 million yuan in 2016 to 420 million yuan in 2020, with a compound growth rate of 33.9 per cent during the period, and a significant increase in cash flows from operating activities in 2017, mainly as a result of receiving government subsidies of 204 million yuan in that year.
During the year, the firm ' s net current trend was one of first ups and downs and continued to decline after reaching a high point in 2017, with the firm ' s net present ratio in 2020 assuming that: the company has formed seven major series of products in the area of special integrated circuits, which are expected to benefit fully in the larger context of the accelerated trend of national production substitution, and that we expect the company ' s special integrated circuit operations to grow by 65 per cent, 50 per cent and 40 per cent on the same basis in 21-23.
Assumption 2: the need for intelligent safety chips downstream is strong, and the safety of corporate products is at the top of international standards, we anticipate a public scenario 3: the company crystalware business actively responds to the national production needs of the frequency components of the domestic communications company, and vigorously explores different market areas such as 5g communications, network of goods, auto electronics, industrial controls, etc., and we expect the company 21-23 crystals.
We have selected four major comparable companies in the industry, namely, Snickers, kernel technology, Beijing Junzheng, Hengen technology, with a combined growth rate of more than 58% of net profit. Given the risks of global macroeconomic fluctuations in the company’s special integrated circuits and smart security chip collar 1,
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.