We've been over-expected, and in the light of the times, the power of the power of the nuclear core, purple light, investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) . ..a number of financial indicators have reached record highs in the first quarter of the year, and the two-cars have stabilized.
In the first half of the year, the net profit from the mother was 876 million yuan, or 117.84 per cent of the year; the operating income was 2,292 million yuan, and the divisions of the division showed a high profile and high downstream demand.
Subs, Inc. realizes a net profit of 760 million. The company's special microprocessor and packaged chip group product holds a price comparison with the firm's 300-deep trend, and is offered bulk applications in important embedded areas; the special fpga product is new.
The new generation of high-capacity fpga products in 2 x nanometers is widely recognized in the market and continues to be in important areas such as signal processing, information security, network interconnection, automatic control, etc.
The company has also increased its research and development investment in digital power sources, high performance clocks, high-speed high-precision adc/dac, protection of circuits, isolation chips, sensors, etc., and has made breakthroughs in some key technologies and is expected to become a company.
• Automobile +5g draws a new growth curve of 770 million, 40.12%, and a Māori ratio of 29.69% for the smart security chip. A subsidiary, Purple and Microelectric Co. Ltd., collects 638 million, net profit of 375 million. The company's telecommunications chip product is finished.
In the area of esim, there is a sustained push and deployment abroad. Meanwhile, corporate telecommunication chip products are growing rapidly out of the sea market and becoming market mainstream.
The company’s share in the domestic bank’s ic card chip market continues to rise; the social security card market is actively moving forward, making breakthroughs in a number of projects; it focuses on dynamic overseas markets, where the sales of bank cards and pay-for-end products continue to grow. The company’s car code safety chip program has been imported into a number of well-known car companies, and approvals have been achieved.
“Hao An Securities _ Corporate Research _ Corporate Depth _ Purple Light Micro (002049) Responding to Special Intellation (002049) Special Operations High Speed”
Growth, smart security chip opening up the incremental market. 3. Huaanian Securities _ Corporate Research _ Corporate Review _ Purple Research and Development Project (R & D) was less than expected; macroeconomic downside; and competition among colleagues intensified.
"Gwang Kukwan (002049) issuing a debt transferable, firm high-end route" 2021-06-14.
Figure 4 Māori (millions) and acceleration of integrated circuits, Figure 3 Revenues from integrated circuits (millions) and accelerations, Figure 8 Financialic Cards
Figure 10 Cumulative issuance card statistics by commercial banks in China, 2012-2019 (millions of cards) Figure 11 Sim card development and comparison Figure 12 Purple Esim card
Figure 132017-2025 Global sales of esim card mobile phones Figure 14 Size and forecast of China ' s car network market (millions of United States dollars) Figure 15 Size and forecast of China ' s goods network market (millions of yuan)
The data and information used in the present report, which are presented independently and objectively, are based on publicly available information on the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way. The information and observations contained in the report are limited to:
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.