Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
Special ic heights, security ic opening up the growth space company basics (RMK) Special ic: trends in informationization of beneficial defence, corporate profit ballasts.
The country’s microelectronics are the backbone of national production, benefiting from rapid growth in the release of special equipment and in the development of defence information. Specialic supply chain security is essential, and future national production rates will continue to rise.
Between 2017 and 2020, the country ' s microelectronic harvests increased by 48 per cent and net profits by 63 per cent. Specialic rates were over 50 per cent, and the business became corporate profit ballast, with a contribution of 78 per cent.
Microscopic head of a domestic smart security chip. The domestic smart card chip has increased at a compound rate from 2014 to 2019, with a high rate of growth in performance q3 net profit growth of 11.8 per cent and an expected 30 billion market size in 2022. Corporate-owned innovation continues to drive technological upgrading.
Overlay product upgrading, policy change-driven demand for renewal, and robust growth in smart security.202010212. " Safety and Speciality " , with high performance growth in connectivity for safety needs, is expected to result in future income from the safety plant network orientation based on idc
Five years cagr 23.8% will open up the company’s growing ceilings as the microfiche of combustible access, 5g, cloud computing, big data, etc. fpga’s national production rate is low and purple is leading the national production. 5g, ai and car’s electronic drive fpga
High-speed growth, $6.1 billion in global market size, 15 billion yuan in 2020, and about 17% in the next five years. The global fpga market xilinx, intel, two oligopolies, China's fpga late start.
The same company, titanpgt30g, is China’s first-country self-owned, multi-grade, high-performance fpga, using 40 nmmmmcos and self-titled structure. Transferable debt collection, plus high-performance safety chips and vehicle controller projects: high-end safety chips are satisfied.
The demand for safety chips is growing in emerging markets such as 5g, car networking, cloud computing, etc., vehicle-borne control cores, RMB 1 billion, with two projects reaching a postnatal output of up to RMB 1.5 billion and RMB 1.1 billion, respectively.
Special order volume drops, Māori volatility in smart security chip operations, UV stockholders in indirect holdings Special: Trends in beneficial defence informatization, corporate profit ballast rock
Special case is used primarily for applications where the environment is harsh for the use of products.
Specialic features are present in small quantities, customised, and high Maori, as the most advanced process is usually not required, and downstream demand is mainly for small, high-value products.
According to the Xinhua Society, the press spokesman for the XIII National Congress, the Liberation Army (ELN) and the Armed Police Force delegation, U Xin, interviewed by the media, stated that the country’s defence expenditure in 2021 amounted to RMB 138 trillion, an increase of 6.8 per cent over the 2020 budget.
According to the People's Network and the Global Times, the rate of growth of our defence budget for the period 2016-2021 has been maintained for six consecutive years.
The promotion of defence information technology has been widely applied to all components of weapons-building, command and combat training, logistics, and communications intelligence. Informatization can become a key area in the building of the army, and specialic is the hardware base for the development of defence information.
The current complex and volatile international situation poses a major challenge to the supply chain of our electronic information industry. In recent years, the United States has consistently joined forces with other countries to impose a high-tech embargo on China and to impose severe restrictions on its construction.
The use of unmanageable chips in weapons equipment has significant implications for national security. Special semiconductor national production is a pressing need.
Key factors constraining the development of the country's aerospace, new types of military and industrial weapons and military electronics facilities, as stated in the 14th Five-Year Plan, “promoting diversification of the supply chain of the industrial chain”, “forming a more creative, new, value-added and more secure supply chain of the industrial chain”.
For industrial consensus, it is the main driving force behind the future development of the special integrated circuits industry. From the specialic category, the country has made great progress in replacing the special cpu, dsp, gpu, etc., but the difference between the radio frequency c, fpga, etc., and foreign manufacturers is still large and dependent on imports.
Specialic markets as a whole have some significant national alternative spaces, with sub-market countries such as fpga3 and subsidiary Shenzhen emblems: special integrated circuit layouts are comprehensive, research and development are strong, profit margins are growing.
Two core subsidiaries, Emerald Electronics, Ultraviolet and Microelectronics.
Roads account for 51 per cent of the company’s first business and smart safety chips account for 42 per cent. The main products of microelectronics in UV countries include: special programmable logical devices, special insignia processors, special storage units, special network bus and interfaces, special simulators, special sopc systems
Seven main directions, such as integrated and custom-made chips, are widely applied in the fields of aviation, space, electronics, and ships. Of these, special programmable logical devices have a relatively large share of revenue. 1) High-performance microprocessors: National Emblem Electronics was the first company in the country to develop a special insignia processor.
It is the country that has the most complete, diverse, and high-level development unit for special microprocessors. It has mastered the architecture, command set design and implementation technology for special high-performance microprocessors, creating a series of three dozen products, common, embedded, and highly reliable microprocessors, with the highest performance levels in the country.
2) High-performance programmable devices (fpga): National microelectronics are the most technologically mature and high-volume special fpga development unit in the country. The company’s special fpga products have been widely used in the fields of electronic systems, letter security, automated control, and the latest development of a new generation of high-capacity performance based on 2 x nanometers.
The fpga series of products is also moving to the market. The latter will also be applied to the drone market. 3) bus interfaces, drivers: national microelectronic bus interfaces, drivers have broken through a number of key technologies.
The network, bus and drive products are technologically advanced, varied, reliable and widely applied, and have been used on national-produced aircraftc,919. 4) Special Sopc system devices: national microelectronics are also integrated through on-site programming techniques and systems cores
Together, the first system integration product (sopc) with the largest and most capable on-site programming functionality in the country was launched, addressing the challenges posed by the system chip in the development and upgrading of special equipment with long research cycles, high technology risks and high funding, and has now been implemented in bulk.
National microelectronics are among the first private companies to enter the special equipment market and, through long-term and continuous service, the product has entered the catalogue of priority models, and the main product should be used in all types of special equipment.
At the same time, special chips have strict market access barriers and long R & D weeks that facilitate long-term cooperation. Special integrated circuit industries are characterized by a variety of products, small volumes, and require the ability of firms to develop multiple products.
The area has evolved into an integrated development capability for cross-category products, with the ability to provide downstream customers with a combination of supply of individual products to system solutions. The combined rate of national microelectronics collection increased by 48% between 2017 and 2020, and the net profit compound increased by 63%.
Interest safety classic, which continuously improves the Māori rate and net interest rate of the specialic business as a whole through optimal product combinations, is profitable.
1- Subsidiary combs: industry safety chips such as communications, finance, electronic documents, etc. The smart security chip is an independent key generation, decryption device with independent processors and storage units, which can store key and feature data, and provide encryption and security authentication services.
The whole chip has data storage, transmission, processing, etc., and is widely used in diverse settings, including consumer electronics, communications, and secure storage encryption. China’s smart security chip, starting with the telecommunications ic card, has experienced identity cards, social security cards, and financialic cards, and is already competing with leading international companies in the field of security certification.
According to the frost&sullivan company, China’s smart security card market achieved sales of 23,225 million yuan in 2019, combined growth of 11.8% in 2014-2019 and is expected to break 30 billion yuan in 2022. Security needs for information and connectivity development will significantly boost smart security.
Corporate smart security is divided into two main categories: smart cards and smart terminals. Smart cards are divided into two main categories: smart cards and smart terminals. Smart cards are also called integrated circuit cards, i.e., i.e., i.c cards, which are embedded in integrated circuitic sheets, and contain card forms that enable data storage, transmission, processing, etc.
End security ic means security ic that is installed in smart terminal devices to meet security requirements such as storage, encryption, etc. The company smartcard security ic currently includes contact ic and two interface ic, the smart terminal ic main package contains card readers ic, usb-keyic and mposic, and is fully configured in the break-down markets.
With cpu kernel, program and data sharing flash memory, encryption hardware key generation, decryption, key and special sim, consumer level
Specialized chips for resources such as algorithms. Cos developers can divide program spaces, contact cores, secure storage of data for end-products.
and the size of the data space. Chips support the Iso/iec7816-3 interface and multi-intelligents provide encryption and security authentication services.
A type of communication rate with security features like voltage detection, frequency testing, etc.
Security chip for both interface and non-contact communication, double key generation, decryption, key and special interface chip ic card products will not be accessible and accessible
Secure storage of data for end-products, double-interface cores, residential health.
The security and reliability of 1ccards is integrated as an excellent vehicle for more than one card, with substitutes providing encryption and security authentication services, and represents the main direction in which future ic cards are developed.
Contact and non-contact terminal interfaces. Chips use high-performance cpu cores to increase chip processing speed, ensure chip generation, decryption, key and special
Multiple interfaces, security, and reduced power consumption. Chips provide a lot of nvm space and ram-empty intelligence.
Secure storage of data, control algorithms, set up as program and code space as required by the client. Chips for interfaces ctid, identity
Enabled, multi-interfaced external communications, with a communication dma mechanism available to adapt to multiple interfaces.
Other hardware algorithm engines, such as des/t-des, rsa, sha1, are provided to the terminal by P. Esim, P.S.C. or co-processor to satisfy confidentiality.
Networks, car networks, etc. 1) Companies continue to innovate, technological upgrades and overlaps are being achieved, and national production is being phased out to replace products that are technically difficult and less competitive in the semiconductor industry.
It's more important to be safe and reliable, because in a competitive situation, a country that meets the qualification criteria is a country that has widened the gap with its competitors in terms of its many qualifications, which has deepened the moat and helped to ensure its safety. In terms of the market process, the process of nationalization will take place once the qualifications have been resolved.
China’s breakthrough in this area was achieved by becoming a domestic first, internationally recognized cceal6+ safety certification product, one of the highest security chips in the world’s security class. In May of that year, Purple and China jointly released the first 5g supersim card, swapping it with super-capacity and one key.
The main objective is to increase the sim function in the 5g era, meet the intergenerational index-level growth storage needs of 5g, and create a high-security private data centre. Then the National Shield Quantum, China Telecommunications, and the Purple countries work together to build a quantum safety super Sim card, further supporting the sd3.0 standard.
It is widely used in such rich scenarios as quantum encryption calls, quantum encryption videoconferences, quantum security vpn access, quantum safe movement of office space, and quantum security financial payments. Financialic cards have a high unit price and a large national production space.
High, the unit price is more than two dollars, and the unit price is several to ten times that of simcaic. For the financial card market, the company designed the thd86/thd88/thd89 series, in which the thd89 became the domestic down payment, passed the emv double application test and successfully applied it to international credit cards.
Analytics, China ' s Bank Card Industry Development Report 2020, the percentage of c-cards in the domestic stock bank cards increased from 25 per cent in 2014 to 57 per cent in 2019, and the rate of national production of the domestic bank ' s c-card chips continued to benefit from the increased penetration of the bank ' s c-cards.
Figure 11: Financial icca national product substitution still has double the space 2) product upgrading, policy change, etc., continues to drive demand for upgrading. At the technical level, product upgrading is accompanied by the consolidation of stocks and the promotion of incremental product renewal.
The smartphones were replaced in 2019 by China’s 5-year-old year, when the 4-g transition to the 5-g-year-old tide gradually advanced. The 5-gsim card has a better encryption method than the 4-g card, which is better able to reduce telecommunications fraud from its source.
At the policy level, identity cards and social security cards are expected to peak over the next five years.
The exchange of identity documents, such as the third generation of social security cards, is facilitated by policy provisions, covering the vast majority of the country’s population, and the market is huge and stable. The third generation of social security cards has been enriched and has been widely used in the areas of contributions to insurance, treatment, settlement, employment services, public services, etc.
The second generation of identity cards is about to expire in 2023-2025, and the next five years will see the next generation of second-generation identity cards being replaced by the provinces and municipalities.2 The area of smart security applications has accelerated its expansion and opened up new opportunities for networking.
As the bottom-of-the-line security of an intelligent terminal, the application of an all-embracing chip enhances the security of an intelligent terminal and protects the personal information of users and the security of applied data. The country's 13th Five-Year Plan includes the Internet as an important component of a strategic and emerging industry, the 14th Five-Year Rule.
As things grow and 5g commerce accelerates, big equipment faces the risk of cyberattacks in the network, and data published by the National Information Security Gap Sharing Platform shows that 80% of all lot terminals are hidden as more smart terminal equipment reaches the cloud.
Risks of private disclosure or misuse. Information security becomes a key issue in the development of the property network industry.
Data from gartner indicate that, by 2020, the number of installation of the global network terminals is expected to reach 19.8 billion, an increase of 33.2 per cent over 2015 and 34 per cent over the five-year capgr. In the future, even in the context of the declining price of the connector chip, the demand for the fast-growing networked chip will drive the process.
The size of the Internet connection chip market has increased considerably. idc data show that the market was about US$ 1.36 trillion in 2020. As a result of a significant increase in the need for security for extensive access to the Internet, there has been a high growth in the income of the All-Property Network, which is expected to grow at a compound rate over the next five years.
The smart securityic application of the purple combinary core includes, inter alia, esim and smart terminal security, the connection function, and the secure link security. The physical esim (embedded-sim) is embedded in the sim card, which is directly embedded on the circuit board as encapsulated ic. As the object is connected, it is added to the circuit board.
Step-by-step, esim cards are expected to be deeply integrated with other fields. On the one hand, more applications are being developed in smart appliance devices, creating greater value, such as smart watches, sports bracelets, smart glasses, etc., and on the other hand, three major operators, card dealers, end-users, have been active in deploying Esim management and application systems.
In contrast to Combined Sim cards, sensitive information such as contracted data, personalized keys, certificates, etc. has been changed from internal customization to being written back into esim via open-door transmission, which, from the area of communication, will also see widespread penetration into various areas such as consumer electronics, car connections, industrial Internet, etc.
Figure 15: Esim applications and delivery projections for consumer electronic equipment Figure 16: Esim applications and delivery projections for equipment such as automobile energy
Main device: smartphone, tablet, tablet.
In addition, corporate smart terminal security is used mainly in smart homes and auto electronics. The company uses smart door locks in smart homes and already controls smart door lock standard voice rights.
Many smart door lock security standards have been drafted with a voice in the field of electronic information security technology, and authorities have defined the new height of the smart door lock industry. Compared to the advanced countries of Europe and the United States, our smart door locks are less widely available, and there are still larger markets to dig; and smart door locks capture and meet the pain of people’s security needs, in the case of
The wave of smartphones and a new wave of smart terminals connected to the Internet after wearing devices is at the forefront of the development of intelligent homes. Bio-recognition techniques such as vein recognition, face recognition, etc. are now increasing in the use of smart door locks and increasing speed and security.
Three, the micro-benefit penetration rate increases, profits are expected to rebound, corporate smart safety chips are ranked first in China’s sim card, residential health card, new-generation traffic card chips, and in the market share of identity readings, posse chips.
From a global perspective, Samsung, China, and the company are the main players in the sim card industry, with Samsung accounting for more than half of the market share and the world’s largest sim card manufacturer. From the small size of the simka market (about $2 billion), the three stars are gradually withdrawing from the market and are projected for the future.
The simca market will be divided between companies and judas. Through autonomous innovation, the company has broken through the 40nm process and its above nodes to develop key technologies, creating four major technology platforms, such as design, testing, quality assurance and technical outside association, that can guarantee process nodes 28 nm, 40 nm, 65 nm, 0.11m, etc.
Business income has declined, and profitability is expected to pick up. The gross gross profit from the purple comb has declined significantly from its 2012 Māori rate. On the other hand, companies have been actively and continuously developing downstream applications, using high-end smart cores.
We believe that as Samsung moves out of the market and small players step out of the post-business landscape, corporate profitability is expected to increase; new high-end products are expected to be commercialized on a continuous basis and to open up a growing ceiling to the company.
In June 2021, the company issued a transferable loan amounting to RMB 1.5 billion for new high-end security.
With the expansion of the market for safety chips in emerging markets, such as networking, 5g, cloud computing, big data, etc.
The company conducts research and development and industrialization projects for new high-end safety series chips, development and industrialization of four high-performance safety chips for autonomous intellectual property rights, multi-applications for 5g car connections v2x (vehicletoeverything), face-to-server and cloud computing.
Once the construction is completed, the algorithmic performance of the chip can be significantly improved by providing high performance capacity and enhancing the performance and safety of the product.
The nuclear safety chip project in an autonomous knowledge product uses open source cores to develop and develop safe source cores through technological innovation, which, on the one hand, can fill the gap in the safety chip using open source safe cores and, on the other hand, ensure the supply chain security of the company ' s safe chip product.
The open source cores of R & D are better suited to domestic market requirements, take advantage of the opportunities of national production alternatives, and improve the competitiveness of companies. In the area of 5g car connectivity, supported by 5g new capital policies, it is hoped that there will be greater growth, but the information security problems of car connectivity and smart network cars are becoming more pronounced, based on the fact that they are becoming more and more common.
The V2x security chip of the national commercial cryptography is the core and cornerstone of effective vehicle end security. Moreover, with the advent of the 5g era, the demand for data storage and information security for 5g end-products and 5g supersim cards has increased in tandem.
It is planned that the new high-end safety chip project of the company will be built for three years, and that the second, layout of the vehicle-borne control chip, which is expected to be built on the project, will be accompanied by the digitalization, intelligence, networking and electronics of the vehicle, which will be the way forward.
The rapid development of automobile electrons has led to a significant increase in the demand for semiconductors, controllers, sensors, and storage units. The vehicle-car controller multi-nuclear control chip, mainly in the area of vehicle whole-of-the-car control, has the effect of improving vehicle power, safety and economics, and is a vehicle control.
Core components, tasked with data exchange, safety management, driver's intent to explain, and energy flow management. At the same time, the vehicle-car controller's multi-nucleic control chip is designed and optimized through multi-nuclear processing architecture, temperature resistance, humidity, noise jamming technology, and key technologies such as esd's full chip protection circuit design.
The difficulty of the partial failure of the stage-wide microcontrolr chip has increased the reliability, high performance, safety and security of the vehicle control chip.
The demand for mcu has grown rapidly as safety and environmental requirements have grown. According to icinsights, the volume of car mcu sales will be close to $6.5 billion in 2020 and $8.1 billion in 2023.
Risa, English, Texas instruments, micro-chip technology, in total, account for about 90% of the market share. Vehicle-grade mcu products are of high quality, complex certification processes, large inputs, and will not be profitable in the short term. Risa, Ngi Pu, locate high-end cars, industrial control, Risa is leading the car mcu market, share of the global market.
First, British flyers are working in the electronics, engineering, and medical fields of automobiles, and in 2020 they completed their acquisition of Seprath. Currently, the country’s car-grade mcu production is carried out by companies such as Jeju Technology, Shanghai Cube Microelectronics, Saitenwe Electronics, Biadi Semiconductor, Cycenic Technology, etc.
The company's thd89 series, certified as aec-q100 car code, has become one of the country's most high-quality vehicle vehicles, with the highest overall performance in the industry and financial-grade security protection.
The program based on this is a well-known car company, which provides security and safety for the country's six-standard vehicles, and quickly takes advantage of the market. Meanwhile, t97 series of car electronics are now equipped in the vehicle pattern of large automobile companies such as wide gas, east wind, etc.
It also introduced a full set of information security solutions for se+os+sdk, maximizing the needs of customers for rapid transplantation, which has been imported into dozens of auto electronics.
At the same time, products and solutions have been developed for high-stability crystals, drams, mcu, and fpga. The company has developed a more sophisticated chip marketing network and has successfully opened up its rules in a variety of applications, such as safety chips, car code crystals, etc.
The project’s market expansion provides marketing access guarantees. fpga is in urgent need of national production, and the participating companies, Purple Light and Creative Industries 1, 5g, ai and Automobile Electronics, are driving a high-speed growth of fpga, the size of which is over $15 billion.
fpga (fieldprogrammablegatearray, field programable door array) chips are developed on the basis of programmable devices (pal, gal, cpld) and are semi-customized, programmed integrated circuits. More flexible than dedicated integrated circuits (asic chips), relative to traditional programmable devices and other markers
The fpga chip, because of its highly flexible and scalable features, can achieve algorithmic rotations at a lower cost and can better deliver the new scene.
Calculating, controlling and upgrading functions, known as the "one-power chip" in the chip field. The fpga chip covers a wide range of downstream markets, including network communications, consumer electronics, data centres, auto electrons, artificial intelligence, and according to frost&solivan data, the fpga global market size from
About $4.34 billion in 2016 increased to about $6.08 billion in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 8.8 per cent, and the global market size for fpga is expected to grow from $6.86 billion in 2021, as demand in emerging market areas, such as the new global generation of communications equipment and artificial intelligence and autopilot technologies continues to grow.
China’s fpga market grew from 23.1% to an average annual compound growth rate of about 16.4%. As the process of national production substitution accelerates further, China’s fpga market model is expected to reach about 33.22 billion yuan by 2025.
Figure 25: Global fpga market size, China fpga market size
The rate of improvement is no longer enough to meet the rate of growth of data growth in the ai era and the demand for computing performance. So, until basic technology, such as chips and materials, is broken, fpga, because of its greater flexibility and flexibility, is expected to gain more space for development and growth in the post-Moorian trend. We believe that 5g communications,
Aai acceleration and vehicle semiconductors are the driving force behind the growth of the fpga industry. 1) 5g global deployments continue, and base stations, iot, terminal equipment fpga use is accelerated. fpga chips are applied in various circuit boards of the wireless communications base station and radio frequency treatment units to achieve connectivity
In contrast to other types of chips, the fpga chip can effectively meet the high-speed communication protocol processing needs in the communications area, and can rely on its flexibility to adapt to the continuing confluence of the communications protocol. The fpga chip is for complex letters.
In fpga downstream, communications occupy the largest segment of the market and market demand is rising rapidly. frost&sullivan data show that the fpga chip sales in China in 2020 will amount to $6.21 billion, which will represent China.
The fpga chip, which is 41.3% of the market share of the fpga chip, will grow at an average annual compound rate of growth from 2021 to 2025) in the area of artificial intelligence, the fpga chip can be used as a speed-up card to speed up the hard work of artificial intelligence algorithms. The fpga chip is good at running the operation in parallel with space dimensions, and it fits well with the neural net.
In addition, the fpga chip is also excellent when applied in the area of artificial intelligence.
The fpga chip therefore has a wide application potential in the areas of matrix computing, image processing, machine learning, asymmetric encryption, search sorting, etc. frost&sullivan numbers show that the fpga chip sales in 2020 will reach 580 million yuan, or China’s share.
The country’s share of the fpga chip market is 3.9%, and the average annual composite growth rate from 2021 to 2025 will be 3.) With the rise of electric cars, smart cars, the use of fpga in cars is becoming more widespread. The demand for fpga in the car electronics industry is mainly derived from adas (intelligent perception systems) and av (automatic).
In the field of system interfaces and control, the fpga chip is used to control and drive the electronic car control system, connect to a variety of vehicle-borne equipment such as driving systems, dashboards, radars, ultrasound sensors, and achieve signal processing and control such as intense light radar, millimetre wave radar, etc. In the field of video bridge connections and integration, the fpga chip
The fpga chip can be used to perform a variety of functions in the field of assistive and autopilot, visual and target testing. Autoelectronics are one of the emerging applications of fpga chips.
Frost&sulliván shows that the fpga chip used in 2020 will be sold in China in the amount of 950 million yuan, representing 6.3 per cent of China ' s share of the fpga chip market, an average annual compound increase between 2021 and 2025, the foreign monopoly of the market and the replacement of national production.
The global fpga market is monopolized by four giants, xilinx, intel, lattice, microsemi, and it creates a powerful technology blockade on hardware design and high-end eda software design.
Our fpga R & D base is relatively weak, and there are few R & D staff. The head of the country, intel, xilinx, and Lattice, has a few thousands of people involved in R & D. In contrast, China has a shortage of Fpga design and research talent.
Top producers, such as purple co-manufacturers, microelectronics, high cloud semiconductors, and Angry Technologies, have fewer than 200 people in stock, with fewer than 1,000 people in the overall industrial workforce, about 1/10 in the United States of America, and a shortage of talent has become a central constraint on technological development and product upgrading in the fpga industry in China.
In China, the fpga industry has started to develop late, with insufficient technology and research resources, and now focuses on low-density markets, with low competitiveness at the top of the billion arrays. But domestic producers have grown rapidly in recent years.
Road technology, high cloud semiconductors, remixed microelectronics, Kyoto microelectronics, etc. fpga deals with unit architecture, ip, eda software, process, sealing technology, professionals, etc. Domestic firms have to meet the requirements and construct complete ecology in order to achieve overall industrial progress and even substitution.
3. Purple and fpga technology leads the country, and is a national substitute for the lead sheep. Purple and fpga have been in the lead for many years. Purple and cogeneration are companies that participate in the development and marketing of fpga. It was created in 2013 as a national core (subsequently renamed purple and cogeneration).
It is a fully-owned subsidiary of the same national core (the mini-precursor of the Shiva nation), which in 2015, 2018, 2020 introduced new shareholders, Shenzhen Xin Xin Xin, Tibet's PV and Tianjin Xin Xin Xin Xin, and Tian Xian Xin Xin Xian, which now holds 36.5% of the shares in the same stock.
Titanpgt30g of the purple-and-wielding boxing product has been produced. The series of programmed chip logical devices are extracted using fully autonomous property structure and mainstream advanced manufacturing processes, with ddr3 and pcle interfaces, and is a high-performance fpga product of the first Chinese national ownership, using 40 nmmcms.
The process and autonomous property structure is broadly applicable in the areas of communication networks, information security, data centres, and industrial control.
Low-power, low-cost and rich functions that provide high-value solutions for customers, which are widely applied in areas such as industrial control, communications, and consumption, are the ideal options for customer mass, cost-sensitive projects.
The fpga in the fee market is moving in bulk and will generate about $316 million in operating income by 2020. Companies are still in deficit because of higher R & D spending. In the future, as fpga is being used in communications, auto electronics, industry, and ai, the company's new projects are progressing well, and the company's profit margin is fpga.
In the hope of improvement, a virtuous circle of R & D inputs and business income will emerge.
Financial analysis: Specialic rapid growth, return of smart security profits, steady growth in revenue collection, accelerated growth in net corporate return profits after decoupling storage operations. In 2020, the company achieved $3.27 billion in revenue, a 4.7 per cent reduction compared to the previous year, mainly from its subsidiary, the Xian Purple Country.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was about 806 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 98.7 per cent in the same year, after deducting 26.4 per cent for the same caliber growth after the effect of changes in the scope of the merger.
This increase is mainly due to the company’s continued leading market position in high-morigin applications, such as space and special equipment. Smart security camp captures the impact of the epidemic at a slower rate, and the net profit-benefit structure changes.
Corporate smart card business grew by 1% in the year 2020, mainly because of the epidemic and the stagnation of domestic and foreign bid purchases such as sim card, financial card, etc. The traditional smart card-clan technology threshold is low, competition in the market is increasing, and the Māori rate of the business has been declining in recent years, but it is still declining in recent years.
Special integrated circuit operations are the ballast blocks of corporate profits, and with companies stripping off less profitable storage units, the ratio of specialics continues to rise.
The company has been focusing on research and development inputs to produce autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) and competitive products. MicroR&D spending in the UV country reached $600 million in 2020, maintaining a steady growth trend of 18.5 per cent of revenue.
Specialic: In terms of revenue collection, defence budget expenditures have increased steadily, equipment costs have increased continuously, and the Department has continued to benefit from the upgrading of defence information and the substitution of chips for national production.
The new profitable growth point is within reach, with 116 new product lines in 2020 and 67 new marketable products, which provide a significant impetus for subsequent development. Special network bus and interfaces have been secured with national c919 aircraft orders, delivered on a scale of c919 and new products such as the new generation of fpga, sopc and special simulation chips.
The continued roll-out of the product provides a strong guarantee for the rapid growth of the follow-on business and the new market. Smart security: In terms of revenue collection, the 5g supersim card chip has been put into the market as the global share of the sim card is expected to increase with the withdrawal of the three stars.
The growth of the network has led to high growth of the end-of-pipe smart chip. Average unit prices have benefited from improved product structure Crystal operations: in terms of revenue collection, firm crystals operations have continued to grow steadily, driven by factors such as 5g commercial base station netting, high-end frequency-forming replacements and new infrastructure policies.
We predict that the net profits of the company's shareholders in the parent company in 2021-2023 will be in dollars. Selecting the semiconductor industry's champions, Chewie, Weir shares, St. State shares, Giancai, Slanwa, and Retan micro-electricity as comparable companies is 70 times higher than the average perpen in 2022.
1) Risk of decline in the volume of specialic orders: the performance of the business is highly correlated with the sector budget expenditure and the country's state of affairs, and in the future the company's operations will bear the risk of volatility in the Māori rate of the smart security chip operation if the industry budget expenditure falls short of expectations: after the 5g switch, the supersim card is sold
It may not be as expected; in the identity card category, traffic card operations are challenged by a two-dimensional approach, which may not be as advanced as expected, while the overall business Māori rate continues to decline if competition for low- and medium-end products increases further. (3) fpga R & D does not meet the expected risk of companies holding 36.5% shares in purple light.
If fgpa does not operate as expected, it will result in a loss in corporate investment. On 9th, a notice was received from the Beijing city’s First Intermediate People’s Court that the Creditor Insignia Bank, Inc., applied for a reorganization of the Purple Group.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment