The company is the global leader of the film, with a high market share, and has been performing steadily over the years.
The company continues to achieve a net profit increase faster than operating income, against the backdrop of falling unit prices for the elevates and higher crude oil prices, indicating that the company is operating well and has excellent managerial competencies; it is expected to become a new contribution to performance by launching new material projects such as the luminum desiring membranes, the aluminium plastic film and the fccl.
The main reasons for the significant increase in net profits were three: 1) the rapid growth in the global photovoltaic industry in 2016, with a total of 467 million square metres sold by the company ' s film, which was historically high; 2) the sale of the company ' s new product, the vinyl film, which contributed $140 million in revenue; 3) the decrease in the level of bad accounts receivable and the loss of assets.
The market is far ahead of the previous period, and the city will increase steadily: the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry has created a huge demand for encapsulation materials such as the eva film.
The market share has reached 50.4 per cent of the global market for evambranes in 2016, with the company selling 467 million square metres of elastic film over 16 years, using more than 100 per cent of its capacity, and is expected to increase further in the future. In 2016, the company produced 180 million square metres per year.
The solar cell film production project was successfully completed and put into operation, with a significant increase in the company's capacity for film production, reaching a capacity of 454 million square metres in 2016, enabling the company to quickly take advantage of the market.
New material projects, such as fccl, are intended to turn electronic circuit materials into another business platform for corporate development. By the end of 2016, a medium-testing line had been completed, and the medium-test product had been tested on a small scale on the client, with good feedback.
Over the years, the field of cultivation has a wealth of research and development experience and technology, and the successful implementation of future new materials projects will strengthen the company’s market position in the functional membrane, new materials, and enhance its profitability.
Risk of changes in the cost of elasticity due to fluctuations in crude oil prices.1 Firms perform robustly and have a clear equity structure 1.1 Global leaders in evambrane producers and shift to integrated new material producers
Founded in 2003 and listed in 2014, the company has been a leading professional in photovoltaic critical material research and development, production and marketing for many years. At present, the company is actively developing new materials, which will be transformed from a single producer of photovoltaic related materials into an integrated new material production enterprise.
The equity structure of the company is concentrated, with the chairman of the company, Mr. Lin Jianhua, holding 21.3 per cent of the company ' s shares directly and indirectly controlling 56.29 per cent of the company ' s shares by investing in Forster.
1.2 Business income has risen steadily and profitability has accelerated, with increased State support for the photovoltaic industry and restructuring of the company ' s product structure, a rapid growth in corporate operating income since 2014, with corporate operating income of $3.95 billion in 2016, an increase of 18.6 per cent in the same year and a net return of $850 million to the mother.
Since the introduction of the solar backboard, backboard income has increased steadily, from 1 per cent in 2011 to 7.7 per cent in 2016, and the annual net sales interest rate of 21.5 per cent has increased by about 2 percentage points compared to 15 years, with a good profitability.
2-voltage encapsulation materials perform well, new layouts open up the growth space 2.1 benefits from the upwards of the photovoltage industry and firm eva film performance increases robustly, 76% of the country ' s land is luminous, its resources are evenly distributed, suitable for the development of the photovoltaic industry and with environmental protection
Global photovoltaic capacity has grown rapidly in the past few years, spurred by national policies that subsidize photovoltaic prices and investment tax breaks, from nearly 39gw at the end of 2010 to around 303gw at the end of 2016, according to the data from the eergytrend.
In 2016, the world ' s new photovoltage capacity was 69.5gw. Of these, our photovoltaic industry has developed particularly brightly. As of 2016, our new photovoltaic power capacity is 34.5gw, with a cumulative capacity of 77.5gw, and the new and cumulative installed capacity is the number one full ball.
According to the latest “13th Five-Year Plan for Electricity Development” (2016-2020), published by the National Energy Agency and the National Development and Reform Commission, in 2020, solar power generation reached more than 110gw, with a distribution pattern of 60gw on photovoltaic, 45gw on photovoltaic power stations, and 5gw on photovoltaic power generation.
The elastic film can be used for optical components such as crystal silicon cells, film batteries, etc., the luminous assembly encapsulation process is irreversible, the battery module is required to operate for more than 25 years, and once the film, backboards and turtles of the battery module start yellowing, the battery is liable to fail, so despite the absolute value of the film materials such as the eva film, backboard etc. (the crystal silicon battery assembly)
Of the production costs, about 70 - 80% came from battery tablets, and about 3 - 7% from eva film, backboards, which are key factors in determining the quality and lifetime of photovoltaic products.eva film raw materials are eva resins, and eva resin costs more than 80% of the company ' s total eva film costs.
Therefore, changes in the cost of eva resins have had a significant impact on the Māori rate of company eva membrane products. eva resins, a derivative of crude oil, have been affected by changes in international crude oil prices since 2012. International crude oil prices have been low since 2012, so Māori rates for company eva membrane products have remained largely stable above 30%, although crude oil prices have begun to recover in 16 years.
The rapid development of the photovoltaic industry has created a huge demand for encapsulation materials, such as velvet. The company’s vinyl product is gradually replacing imported products abroad with good product quality and value for money.
The company has already accounted for 50.4% of the global market for eva membranes for 16 years, selling a total of 467 million square metres of elastic film, using more than 100% capacity, and is expected to increase in future city occupancy rates. In 2016, the company produced 180 million square metres per year, reaching a capacity of 454 million square metres per year, enabling the company to quickly pre-empt the market.
Assuming that an average of 1gw photovoltaic components would require the use of about 13 million m2 of the eva film, the 2016 eva film would be subject to price decline due to a combination of factors such as the market competition and the “630” post-assembly price drop to the price of the film, we predict that the price of the eva film will warm in the future. In 2020, the domestic demand for the eva film is expected to reach 377 million flats.
The demand for backboards will reach 330 million square metres. In 2020, the domestic market value of the film was about 3.2 billion yuan left, the global market space was about 13.1 billion yuan, and the market value of the backboard was about 9.8 billion dollars.
At the end of 2015, the company announced its investment in new materials projects such as light membrane, aluminium plastic film, and fccl, with the intention of turning electronic circuit materials into another business platform for the development of the company and achieving the company ' s continued health development. The membrane is a key material in the production of pcb, and as the printed circuit board industry moves towards high density, high integration,
The company has invested $580 million in the construction of a 216 million square metre annual production line and ancillary facilities. By the end of 2016, a medium-test line had been built, the medium-test product had been piloted on a small scale on the client side, and the client feedback had been good. In 2017, the company was scheduled to accelerate the start of a new production plant for the light-dry film.
Aluminium plastic membranes are mainly used in the overpacking of the soft-packed lithium batteries, and, with the rapid development of new energy vehicles, the requirements for lithium cell security will be raised, and the aluminium plastic membrane will be rapidly developing as an important component of lithium electrical material.
Aluminium plastics market size of $2.12 billion. The domestic market for aluminium plastics is now largely dominated by Japanese and Korean companies. As the market demand for soft-packed lithium batteries increases, more and more Chinese enterprises have opted to enter the market for aluminium plastics.
The ongoing process will help to break the existing pattern of competition and the future market space. Table 2: Amerium plastic film layout fccl, a domestically listed company, is the base plate material for the production of scratchy printed circuit boards (fpc).
The fccl market is expected to grow rapidly as electronics are lightly. The company has invested $180 million in the construction of 4 million m2 of single-faced plastic sheet production lines and ancillary facilities, and plans to build them.
The successful implementation of future projects will strengthen the company’s market position in the functional membrane, new materials, and enhance its future profitability.
Assumption 1: Although industry growth will decline as a result of 16 years of eruption growth in the photovoltaic sector (34.5gw more than in the previous year), as companies are the leading producers of evambranes, with strong competition cooling as they expand in size, the elastic prices are expected to rebound slightly and remain stable, and the Māori rate is maintained.
Assumption 2: The poor performance of corporate backboard business in 2016 was mainly due to the bankruptcy of large foreign clients, which affected their overseas sales. We believe that the company’s 17-year backboard business has recovered compared to 16 years, and the Māori rate has stabilized at 29 per cent; Assumption 3: As the company’s new material business is still under construction, it is planned that the product will be sampled and certified by its customers in 2017.
Work, performance contributions are unclear, and the performance of this part of the business is not considered for the moment. Double and 16 times.
The risk of future development in the photovoltaic sector or less than expected; the risk of a decline in the price of the elastic film in the eva; and the risk of a change in the cost of the eva film due to fluctuations in the price of crude oil. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.