Quality productive capacity further enhanced and integrated layout continued 14.5 per cent of the 2023 semi-annual performance rating for Tungwee shares (600438) and net profit return of $4.67 billion, a decrease of 33.6 per cent in the first half of the year.
The sales volume was 177,700 tons, a 64 per cent increase in the same year, leading to an increase in corporate revenue, a 22.8 per cent increase in the 2023q2 battalion ring, a significant fall in the price of silicon in the second quarter, a significant increase in corporate profits of 2023q2 compared to the production capacity of silicon, and continued to optimize overall costs. As at the end of August, the company ' s high-purity crystalline silicon production had increased by 22.8 per cent.
With 420,000 tons, an increase of 160,000 tons from the end of 2022, about 30 per cent of the domestic market, and production costs, the price of polycrystal silicon has recovered in the second half of the year, and the price differential for n/p silicon is expected to grow gradually in the future as downstream N-type technology becomes available, and the supply of the company ' s first six months of N-type material has increased significantly,n
In addition, during the year, companies increased the layout of upstream raw materials by planning to build 300,000 tons of industrial silicon projects and 400,000 tons of industrial silicon projects at the head of the company and Hiroshima, respectively, with one phase to be completed by the end of 2024, and the overall cost of silicon materials will continue to be optimized in the future.
Battery efficiency continues to improve, and the expansion of the components has been effective. At present, the average conversion of the company's tnc battery output has increased to 25.7%, with a good rate of more than 98% and a capacity of up to 25gw, which will be further increased to 66gw in the future. By the first half of the year, the company's annual battery capacity had reached 90gw, according to the company's plan.
At the end of the year, the battery capacity will reach 100gw. In addition, while the company has accelerated the process of industrialization of hjt, it has continued to promote the development of a wide range of battery technologies, with a 31.13 per cent efficiency in the thorium ore/silicon crystal layer, an increase of 3.94 pt compared to the end of last year.
Project acceleration, 8.96gw sales of company components in the first half of the year (over the last year's total sales are expected to reach 80gw by the end of 2023, with companies with a leading edge in silicon and batteries, advanced components and expanded capacity, with quick results. And the company is going to invest a total of 32gw sticks and slices, no.
Investment proposals: companies maintain silicon, battery costs, and technological edges, deepening the integration layout, explaining: the “market index” of this rating system, a share reference point of 300 indexes, and the new three-board reference point of three.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.