Topcon's leading industry, fast-disbursing components, Tonway shares (600438) The company published its semi-annual 2023 report, and 2023h1 achieved revenue of $740.68 billion.
The net profit from withholding is $4.116 billion, a decrease of 44.06 per cent, a decline in the ring comparison, a sharp rise in silicon taps, and a rapid increase in the output of the n-type material. The company continues its deep drop in \triangleright.
With efficiency gains and consolidation, 2023h1 achieved 17.7 million tons of silicon sales, up from 10,000 yuan per ton. At present, the company has 420,000 tons of silicon production capacity, and the company is working on the tons silicon project, which has a strong cost advantage, in March 2023 and July 2023 respectively.
The Division continuously optimizes the silicon material output structure, increases the price differential further as downstream N-type technology becomes available, companies respond to changing market demand, rapidly upgrades the market supply of the n-type material, and sales of the N-type are up by 447%. On the other hand, companies are trying to further improve the raw material.
In 2023, the company planned the construction of 300,000 and 400,000 tons of industrial silicon projects, respectively, in Shige Kuo and Guangwon City, with one of the projects scheduled for the year 2024, with a smooth output of topcon batteries and an efficient and good performance lead industry.
\triangleright division batteries are fully produced and sold at 35.87gw (including self-use), an increase of 65% over the same year.
The topcon project is expected to be operational by the first half of 2024, when the company ' s tnc battery capacity will reach 66gw. In terms of efficiency and efficiency, the company ' s topcon battery volume production efficiency will be increased to 25.7% (unincumbered se technology), a good rate of over 98%.
The completion of the development of the boron extension technology is expected to produce more than 0.2% of the topcon product. At the same time, the company has made significant breakthroughs in the development of the copper interconnection technology in equipment, processes, materials, etc. and continues to drive the process of hjt industrialization.
In addition, the company has made significant progress in cutting-edge technical areas such as back contact batteries, thorium ore/silicon stack batteries, of which the P-tbc R & D batch efficiency has reached 25.18 per cent, and the N-tbc-upper Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
R & D efficiency was 26.11 per cent and silicon/silicon stacking battery efficiency 31.13 per cent.cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City
The company's three major manufacturing bases, Salt City, Golden Hall, and South Tong, have accelerated the development of advanced production capacity. The Salt City 25gw and Golden Hall 16gw high-efficiency component projects are now fully operational, and the annual production of the company's components has increased to 55gw, the first half.
For the sale of the components, 2023h1 has seized up the national wind and light base project, focused on the development of major clients, with successive winnings for various projects, such as China Rain Power, the Three Gorges, China Power Construction, and the National Energy Group, with cumulative excess winning capacity.
9gw. In domestic distributed markets, companies have fully deployed a network of domestic distribution channels, quickly set up a complete system of platform clients, and achieved a significant increase in their market share by entering into strategic cooperation with their clients, such as Jeong-tae, Sun, and Genesis. In overseas markets, companies have continued to focus on Europe, Europe, and Europe in the first half of the year.
Target markets such as Asia and the Pacific, South America and others have continued to increase corporate brand influence, completing over 6gw overseas framework orders. Risk factors: less than expected photovoltaic demand, risk of continued decline in silicon prices, changes in the macro-environment, etc.
\triangleright Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for research in the photovoltaic industry. \twixt Assistant for Research in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Finance, University of Nakayama, 2022
Chen Jie, team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the lithium electric materials industry. Sun Sun, Research Assistant, New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for the new energy automobiles.
Li Woo-jin, a member of the team, Master of Economics, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023, which is responsible for the photovoltaic component and will not be linked directly or indirectly to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Suda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.