Tungway shares (600438.sh) Silicon costs are expanding actively ahead of time, with new technology batteries q2 making a net profit of $4.67 billion to the mother, as expected.
The bridge area and the city of Mt. Omega each build 16 gw sticks, slices, batteries, etc. Market value (RMB): $31.66 Substrate silicon profit discovery, positive expansion of cost advantages, n-magnification of technological advantages:
1. " Tungwee Stock Company " , a fast-tracked silicon-compliability operation, has moved up to another 10,000 tons. The company ' s silicon production cost has been reduced to up to 40,000 yuan per ton, based on a recent sale of silicon at an average price of about 70,000 yuan per ton, and now the company ' s net profit is about 1 to 15,000 yuan per ton, at the bottom.
2. At the end of the year, the Tungwei Stock Exchange Review was unable to hide the beauty of its core business, and the level of profitability of the business was largely evident. At present, the company produces 420,000 tons of silicon, Yunnan and each of its bags have started work in March and July of this year, respectively, and is expected to invest in next year.
3. The sustained expansion of battery chips to see component performance - Tungwee shares will reach 820,000 tons of company capacity by the end of 2024, with a continuous increase in city occupancy. Similarly, downstream n production capacity drives the upgrading of silicon quality requirements and is expected to magnify the company.
Technology advantages in the silicon field support higher levels of overprofits. The components go to the top ten globally, and the domestic and foreign customers expand well: the first half of the year, 8.96gw, is the top ten, and the components produce 55gw on a continuous basis.
In the first half of the year, the country ' s centralized photovoltaic market accumulated more than 9gw, with strategic partnerships with distributed customers such as the Na-Thai, Sunshine, Genesis, etc., and overseas, with over 6gw framework orders.
The battery core technical indicator is ahead, with an expected output of 24h1topcon of 66gw: the company produced 35.87gw (including self-use) in the first half of the year, an increase of 65%. The average efficiency of the company ' s topcon battery production based on pe-poly technology is now 25.7%, a good rate of over 98%.
The company ' s current topcon battery capacity is 25gw, of which 16gw in Pengshan is still climbing, and the planned dual stream of 25gw and 16gwtopcon battery project is expected to be operational by the first half of 2024, when the company ' s topcon battery capacity will reach 66gw.
Inventory + fixed assets impairment of $1.45 billion: corporate asset impairments in the first half of the year totalled $1.450 billion, of which the price of q2 silicon fueled batteries, the price of components to drop rapidly, the value of inventory impairment of $530 million, and the city of Topcon increasing or ordering it.
Perc profitability is not sustainable, and companies reduce fixed assets by 920 million yuan for part of the perc stock line that does not have upgrading conditions, ensuring that asset quality is maintained at a high level.
Industry expansion is expected to be larger than expected, changes in technology routes are expected, and demand for photovoltaics is not expected.