For the first time, the silicon cell taps continue to develop integrated production capacity and double growth in the field of agricultural photovoltaics.
The main reason for the decline in profitability is a sharp fall in the market price for silicon. The global light-voltage build-up capacity continues to increase, and demand for type N products is high.
In January-July 2023, 97.16gw, compared to 157.5%, was added to the domestic photovoltaic power plant; the cumulative capacity reached about 490gw, and 150gw. The conversion trend in the photovoltaic industry was determined to be increasing in the N-type battery market, which will rise to about 25-30% in 2023.Infolink projects that the topcon battery will be delivered throughout the year by the end of 2023 or will reach 120gw or more, driving the N-type silicon.
The company industry is strong, the n-type is fast-released, the conglomerates are strong, and silicon and battery fragments remain the world’s number one for many years in a row.
In 2022, the company sold 25.68 tons of silicon, currently 420,000 tons of silicon, 2023h1 tons of silicon, i.e. 1,777 million tons of silicon, i.e. 64% of the year, and about 30% of the country’s cities, and now production costs have fallen to below $40,000 per ton, and are industry leaders. The average price of domestic crystallized secret material has declined rapidly after the quarter of June.
The price of silicon is now stable, but industrial capacity continues to be released, with N-silicon demand increasing, n/p silicon material having a price differential, plant cost control levels and manufacturing capacity varying. Companies cater for industry-type n transformation trends, with n silicon increasing by 447%.
The annual battery market is in high demand, with tight supply and demand, companies continuously optimizing the nonsilicon cost of batteries, and the volume of non-silicon batteries produced by the company has increased its profitability. The company’s client base is extensive, with long-standing and good partnerships with well-known domestic and foreign component companies.
The sales volume of the 2023h1 component is 8.96gw, and the company focuses on the development of domestic and foreign assembly channels, successively winning several projects, such as China-Yuan Power, the Three Gorges, the China-China Power Company, and other target markets, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, and South America, where overseas channels are active, signing over 6gw framework orders. n battery production continues to expand, active layout component operations accelerate the integration process.
The company has now produced 420,000 tons of silicon, 90gw batteries and 55gw components, and it plans to produce more than 380,000 tons of silicon by the end of 2023, 80-100gw of battery chips and 80gw of components; and 80-1 million tons of high-purity silicon, 130-150gw of solar and battery capacity, respectively, by 2024-2026.
By the end of 2022, the annual solar cell capacity of the company exceeded 70gw, of which 182mm and above-sized capacity exceeded 95 per cent, and in 2023, stage 16gw battery capacity was delivered in Pengshan, with the company tnc (i.e. Topcon) battery capacity reaching 25gw. According to the investment plan, the company ' s dual stream of 25gw and Maroon 16gwtnc battery project was expected to be completed in 2024, with the company ' s total output expected to be completed in 2024.
The company announced on 21 August that it would invest in construction in Mt. Ogi and Leishan, respectively, by the end of the year. The company’s integrated layout is far-reaching, and this investment will enhance the production capacity of silicon businesses and continue to improve the company’s combined capabilities.
The company now has a 9gw tnc battery production line, with a 25.7% yield efficiency (uncumbered) and a leader in the industry. The company has successfully developed boron expansion technology, which is expected to yield more than 0.2% efficiency gains and further improve the competitiveness of tnc products.
As silicon prices return to normal levels, companies adapt to industrial integration, expand upwards and downstream, actively configure industrial chains, combine the self-production advantages of core raw materials, vigorously develop component operations, focus on expanding business channels, and reach out to platform clients like Jeonghai, Sunshine, etc.
The company’s annual production capacity is currently 55gw, and its manufacturing base is located in Salt City, Golden Hall, South Tong, etc., expanding its component business channels to take on a scale effect. The company’s silicon costs are ahead, and the industry’s silicon enhances its landing capacity.
By August 2023, the company had been able to produce 120,000 tons of silicon, 200,000 tons in Yunnan II and 200,000 tons of silicon in the first batch. The company's upstream industrial silicon project, which planned 300,000 tons and 400,000 tons of industrial silicon capacity in Dharma and River Creek, respectively, was scheduled to be completed by the end of 2024.
The company’s Sichuan and Yunnan silicon production bases use a wealth of local hydropower resources, consuming a total of 7.170 billion degrees of hydropower in the first half of 2023, reducing carbon emissions by 4.8 million tons, and increasing the carbon footprint of products while promoting green energy consumption.
In January-June 2023, the company's feed and industrial chain operations achieved operating revenues of $15,426 million, a year-on-year increase. In the first half of the year, 180,000 tons of additional fish and shrimp forage were added, aquaculture and pig farm farming competitions were organized, and corporate products were promoted.
In the first half of the year, a 1,000-ton circular shrimp farming project was successfully launched in the company’s Tongyu fishery. In the food industry, the company maintained its status as the world’s largest supplier of Merophis, and the total number of Ropheus exported to the United States accounted for the country’s total imports.
10.8 per cent of companies have been deep-deeping on agricultural boards for many years, with a good branding effect, a steady rise in business, and sustained expansion of their business channels in line with industrial trends to optimize the structure of products, combine electricity suppliers, farm competitions, etc. In the area of photovoltaic power, companies are engaged in “light-for-fishing” projects that are both economic and operational. As of 2023h1, company light
In the context of the “double carbon” trade, “light-for-light” power is on a downward cycle in the price chain of the photovoltaic industry, and the company’s own accumulation in the photovoltaic and agro-pastoral industries reflects a stronger economic and differential advantage.
Investment advice and profit projections: the photovoltaic industry maintains a high profile, the company is strong and the integrated production profile continues to be perfect; N battery technology is improving and production capacity is rapidly released; silicon costs are ahead of schedule, industrial silicon operations upstream are better; feed business is steadily developing and branding is good. The company is expected to return to its net profit in 2023-2025.
Unsatisfied productive capacity; barriers to trade in Europe and the United States that impede industrial development; risks of natural disasters and animal disease; recent corporate collections in recent years (millions of dollars); and single-quarter corporate collections in recent years (millions of dollars)
Figure 9 Company sales of high-purity crystal silicon (tons)
The research framework “China's manufacturing investment cycle” has been set up with continuous in-depth research in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. The team has focused on research in the fields of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium power, and storage energy, and has devoted limited energy to serving more primary and secondary markets where the country's needs are met, the industry is dynamic and the people have faith.
This report is not about any area, country, or other area under whose jurisdiction SAC and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you for reference purposes only, not as an invitation to sell or to purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments, or as an invitation to another person.