q1 performance as a result of international disturbance of short-term pressure \triangleright 2024 remained ahead of competitiveness, with a second and third-curve income ratio rising. Sub-products: 1)
Desktop communications: Revenues of 3,082 million yuan, 21.13 per cent increase in the same year and 54.83 per cent increase in revenue. The faster growth in 24 years is expected to continue the competition in the future, mainly due to stock-repository factors and corporate share-leading industries, as opposed to an increase of 1.81 pct.
3) Cloud Office Terminal: Income of $527 million, an increase of 62.98 per cent in the same year, an increase of 9.37 per cent in the same year, an increase of 1.94 pct in the same year.
The company’s 24-year Maori rate is 65.45%, compared to 25q1 in the context of international disturbances, and the company’s revenues remain resilient.q1 is subject to fluctuations in the international trading environment.
\triangleright’s speed of orders has been affected and revenue growth has slowed. The company’s q1 sales rate of Māori is 64,54%, and the 100 million network (300,628.sz) forecasted in 2024.
Review: Performance continues to outperform expectations, second and third growth curves are high, active in dealing with tariffs, pre-positioning offshore storage and South-East Asian production capacity.
Applying a “reciprocal tariff” policy, imposing tariffs on global trading partners, and responding to regional trade policy risks, 24-year quarterly reviews: further validation of business outlets, DAD has advanced supply chain resilience through offshore warehousing to ensure stable delivery of core market orders
Equity incentives highlight confidence - 2024/04/23 and reduce the impact of short-term policy volatility on business continuity.
Productive capacity, coupled with increased capacity mapping in other overseas regions, will evolve into regional synergistic, radiation-wide production and capacity networks to enhance risk resistance. In addition, companies will scale up other offshore markets and maintain close communication with core clients, sharing potential cost pressures through initiatives such as consultative pricing mechanisms.
400 million network (300628.sz) performance forecast 2023
Q: q3 battalion revenue was reduced by the same year, and performance was continuously repaired by hundreds of millions of yuan, representing an annual red mark of 90.59 per cent, an increase of 2.69 pct compared to 87.90 per cent in 23 years.
\triangleright 15/13/11x. Companies continue to introduce new products, maintain higher market competitiveness, maintain “recommended” ratings. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and are responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.