Annual performance is bright, and globalization continues to be driven by the billion-dollar network (stock code: 300628.sz) event: companies publish the 2024 report and the 2025q1 performance report. Companies achieve operating income of 5.621 billion
Achieving business income of $1,205 million, an increase of 357 per cent over the same period; achieving a net return profit of $562 million, a steady increase in demand for products, and a competitive lead in the i panorama programme: the company provides a “cloud-end-plus platform”
The full corporate communications solution, with business office at its core, is fully covered by audio-visual communication and collaboration around conference rooms, personal desktops, and mobile office settings.
The company plans to launch a new generation of audio-conferencing flatbed products with the only video-class intelligence in the industry, a second generation self-researching audio algorithms and a ubiquitous whole-of-the-day experience; year-round cloud office terminals will be operating at $527 million, representing an increase of 62.98 per cent, or 9.37 per cent, and an increase of 1.94 pct, respectively;
The total profitability of the company has been stable and the global layout has accelerated: the overall Māori ratio of the company in 2024, the use of the ai technology for intelligent office and conference experience, R&D costs $559 million in 2024.
At the same time, firms have advanced their globalization strategy across the board, moving from global marketing to global capacity, to a relatively deep 300-percent global network of organizational services that are competitive and to build productive capacity in overseas areas such as South-East Asia.
The Division plans to move some of its supply chains overseas by 2025, actively pre-empting and defusing the potential trade-ai panorama programmes for local markets, leading the way in terms of competitiveness, and is expected to continue to improve over the medium to long term, maintaining a “recommended” rating. The risks of drama, the spread of new products, etc., fall short of expectations.
[Galactic communication] GW: Business marginality, emerging new opportunities in the end market, I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.