Kang's year-round performance growth is over-expected, profitability is high, and buy-in advice is maintained.
Annual corporate performance forecast: companies issue annual performance advance announcements, with projected net profits for the entire year 2017 of $1 billion, a significant increase of 109 - 117 per cent over the year, and companies slightly outperform market expectations; quarterly, performance analysis: significant improvements in corporate performance are mainly due to (1) a shift in the supply side of the steel industry in 2017
The rapid advance of the Ge and the explicit ban on the production of steel in the first half of the year. The steel industry has produced more than 50 million tons of steel a year, while the production of the pipe in the steel system is conservatively estimated at 150 million tons, with a large overall supply end.
In the second half of the reporting period, steel prices rose significantly, the production of key steel companies remained historically high, the industrial landscape was high, the company became the leader of the industry, and the sales volume of the product rose. (2) During the reporting period, the Quijiang steel was fast reaching its mark, and with the Quijiang steel line of 1550 cold-blooded intelligent production line in mid-September,
In the first half of the year, a profit of 1.36 billion was achieved, with the full profit target set at the beginning of the year being achieved ahead of schedule.
The product mix has increased the profits significantly. (3) The limited use of martial steel in the q3 season has led to a loss of 860 million dollars per season, while the prices of special-oriented silicon steel products in the q4 season have remained high and are expected to be higher than expected throughout the year.
The steel industry is booming and corporate sales of steel and steel are rising: the company accumulated 3.422 million tons of steel, yoy + 28 per cent, the average price of tons of steel, $4662, as measured by the company ' s main business in the three quarters of 2017, while institutional investors account for the share in circulationa
Tons of steel cost decreased by $34, yoy-8.7 per cent, tons of steel net profit increased by $330, yoy+53 per cent, q4 seasons of steel industry continued to be high, and we expect the company to sell the same amount of steel products throughout the year. Future outlook and profit projections: steel prices stabilized after a wave of rapid increases in the second half of 2017.
We expect the company to benefit from the process of moving into the steel industry to produce capacity, and there is still room for future improvements.
The valuation is reasonable and we maintain the investment proposal for purchase. Chinaresearchdept. expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.