q1 high performance, high score in corporate value Events: company annual report 2022 and quarterly report 23 23, corporate revenue \triangleright 2022
3x4 million yuan, equal to +33.25 per cent, net profit on maternity, equal to 2,573 million yuan.
The net profit from the non-retroactivity of 23q1 increased by approximately 45.97 per cent over the same period. h2 company zero growth rate, with a slight increase in domestic revenue over 22 years.
The total income of the Research Assistant in the Yoon St. John's Power Industry was 64.80%, compared to the 21-year-old ratio of 5.22pt. The Māori income from the 22h2 company air-conditioning refrigerators and the company's air-conditioning refrigerators was 3.59%, compared to +3.59pt.
Steam Zero Business Module: In 22 years, the company ' s revenue from Steam Zero operations totalled $7,514 million; in the second half of the year, the company ' s revenue from auto parts increased by 60.32% over the same period, and the acceleration ring increased by 22h1 (+51.53%). At Māori level, the Māori ratio for car parts is the same as for 22h2.
The ratio of overseas revenue to 2,84pt, 22h2 domestic and foreign income to 23q1 profitability has improved significantly. 22 years of company total Māori, 26.08%, compared to \triangleright
+0.40 pct, 23q1 beneficiary raw material cost drops, Māori rate improvements are significant, as a result of the same increase in exchange rate gains, Māori rate increases and costs fall, and 22 years of company return benefits from a significant improvement in Māori rate, 23q1 net return margin + 1.16 pt to the same ratio
The net operating cash flow of 23q1 increased significantly, with a slight decline in operating efficiency. 1) At the end of 2022, currency funds + transactional financial assets totalled $5.978 billion, compared to the beginning of the period - Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
At the beginning + 31.30 per cent, we believe that the increase in corporate receivables and receivables is mainly due to the company ' s cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of 9 Town Street, Beijing, West Side.
Rapid income growth, 23q1, totalling $7.308 billion, compared with an initial to 1.67 per cent; 22-year-end-of-year public 3) turnover, with company q1 closing inventory/receivables/payables working days compared to 22 years \triangleright
The shares found a gold dividend of $2 (including taxes), plus a 22-year medium-term gold, and the company found a combined gold dividend of $1,076 million in the 22-year reporting period, with a 66 per cent red rate. On the operational side, the Department continued to exploit commercial opportunities in the field of refrigeration air-conditioning spare parts and to promote the construction of digital plants to improve production efficiency.
In 22 years, the company added three new production bases and three new subsidiaries, further improving the global layout. In addition to the refrigeration and zero industry, the company has been active in the storage of heat management and robotics industry, and has established cooperation with a number of clients. We believe that the company is playing its role in cooling and refrigerating.
The thermal management experience accumulated in the area of auto parts and components, extending the field of layout storage, robotics, and enabling companies to take full advantage of their industry and promote long-term sustainable development of their enterprises. Profit predictions: we look forward to a steady growth of the company’s cooling plates, with the new energy vehicles on board.
Risk factors: Unexpected marketing of new energy vehicles, unanticipated roll-out of new products, cost of raw materials \triangleright
Prices remain high, overseas markets are not expanding as expected, storage/robots are not expanding as expected.
In 2022, he joined the Sindam voucher for research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components.
Uko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London. Joined Sinda Securities in 2022 to study the household appliances industry, covering mainly cleaning appliances and cooking panels.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.