# New products, new technologies, new clients # Second curve
In line with market expectations, the 22-year refrigeration operation benefited from good overseas demand + competition, but it continued to grow well, with high rates of heat management of new energy vehicles maintained; and a resilient growth in the white power sector of 23q1 and a relatively fast growth in the light season.
▪ Profitability repairs, with higher value added operations rising from year to year. 2022/2023q1 Māori ratio, 25.9% Māori ratio, same ratio +2.1 ptt, showing scale effects, 26.2% Māori ratio, same ratio - 0.3 pt. Cost side, 22 years selling, management, R & D, financial rates, respectively.
The second growth curve & storage capacity is in: 1) conventional refrigeration: 13,83 billion dollars in 22 years, compared to +23% in 22 years, driven mainly by higher demand for global heat pumps & multi-connected products (as a result of the overseas energy crisis + extreme weather), adding to the short-term factor of domestic competitors turning orders. In the medium- and long-term, commercial refrigeration, commercial refrigeration, etc.
Energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, etc., are expected to provide structural opportunities to break through the domestic electricity stock market development bottle necks. Manufacturing ends increase the construction of factories in Viet Nam, Mexico, and expand the Thai base. 2) Vehicle zero: $7.51 billion in 22 years, compared to +56%.
The product is gradually moving from parts and components to components and subsystems.
Clients also contribute significant increases; manufacture end global layout (Mexico, Poland, etc.), upscaling response Report rating: zero gas, conventional cooling, speed and balancing risks. 3) Storage capacity: 2201 Establishment of a storage heat management company to achieve electricity in the reporting period
The development of chemical storage liquid coolers has been concluded by the end of the year with industry pole companies on the management of storage heat. 4) Robots: master power generators, in the long-term development of zero items, such as electro-inflated valves, with electrical design and precision manufacturing capabilities, are currently being developed with a wide range of industry clients.
In cooperation, we expect to achieve bulk supply in 2024. At the same time, the company plans an offshore base, Tripod (002050): a layout in 2022, and a joint venture with Green Harblem in Mexico’s industrial park, the main waver.
Quarterly review: bright performance, zero-for-profit forecast and investment rating: continued build-up of new energy vehicles, second-growth curves starting to go up, continued to go up, cold orders coming back.
3x3 Financial Forecasts. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.