The South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WRDC) has continued to grow in profit from the increase in the number of domestic appliances in the country.
One billion yuan, an increase of 33.2 per cent in the same year; a net return of 2.57 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 52.8 per cent in the same quarter, q4 companies achieved a return of 5.75 billion yuan in the same quarter, an increase of 33.7 per cent in the same year; a return of 950 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 141.9 per cent in the same year, and a return of 5.68 billion yuan in the same year for 2023q1, an increase of 18.2 per cent;
In sub-operations, companies have seized on opportunities for energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, multi-connectivity, cooking power, heat pumps, etc. The harvest has grown rapidly. In 2022, the company generated $13.83 billion in refrigeration, an increase of 23.3 per cent.
In the case of the zero business, the company ' s new energy vehicle was well placed with the new energy vehicle landscape, and the volume of the zero business grew by $7.51 billion a year, a 56.6 per cent increase. The output was released quickly and the profitability was optimized. In 2022, the company ' s combined Māori rate was 26.1 per cent, a rise in the same year.
In 2022, the company ' s annual capacity for new energy car heat management was 52 million units, a 100% increase compared to the previous year; the capacity utilization rate was 79.3%, a 4.4 pp increase compared to the same rate.
The financial cost rate was -0.8 per cent, a decrease of 1.4 pp from the same year, mainly due to higher exchange earnings from companies. Overall, q1 earnings continued to rise. The combined Māori rate for companies increased by 2.3 pp from 25.6 per cent during the reporting period.
In terms of usage, the cost of corporate sales is 2.2%, which is basically the same as the comparable rate; management costs are 10.5%, which is an increase of 1.2 pp, mainly in R & D; financial costs are 0.9%, an increase of 0.4 pp, which is an increase in R & D. Focus on creating a leading advantage. Companies adhere to a business strategy of “priority, innovation over”: (1) heat pumping.
Research and application of the products of the technical and thermal management systems are at the core, with product extension and technological upgrading.
(ii) To maintain ownership of the development of innovations, to focus on the area of smart control, to foster core technology, to build multi-professional integrated research and development teams for product development and technology research, and to build a matrixed research and development structure for technology. (3) Products cover the two major sectors of refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts and car parts, and air-conditioning electronic expansion.
The world has the highest market share for products such as valves, four-way valves, magga pumps, and the world's leading markets such as cut-off valves, car heat inflating valves, water reservoirs, etc.
Refrigeration is on the upside (2022-10-27) taking into account the firm's robust growth in refrigeration as a leader in household power components, its fast-disbursing of steam zero operations, and its increased combined strength to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
2. Tribute Wirtschaftsprüfer (002050): No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for no, no, nor for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.