Three-channel smart control (00250.sz) Keeping the zero-breeding business going, opening up new growth points for storage energy, robotics, by product, generating 13,834 million yuan, or +23.3 per cent, for refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts and components.
(b) Refrigeration companies are actively pursuing efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, multi-connectivity, cooking power, heat pumps, and promoting higher yields.
Long-term growth is certain. The company is based on valve-based products, a new energy heat management component product, and is actively developing component integration and subsystem solutions, upgrading from “mechanical component development” to “electric sub-control integrated systems control technology solutions”.
Three production bases to further improve the global layout, with companies collecting $6.67 billion in 2022 for new energy car heaters, accounting for 88 per cent of the revenue from auto parts and components operations, fully benefiting from the rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry.
A storage heat management company was set up in the first quarter of the year, and the storage heat management system solution has been successfully coordinated with industry poles. On robotics, the company focuses on imitating robotic power executives and has established partnerships with multiple clients with a prior advantage, and the company will synchronize with the client.
In April 2023, the company issued an announcement to sign a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with Suzhou's Green Synergy Technology Co. Ltd.
Three-quarterly Review of Tri-quarterly Report (002050.sz) 2022 - Growth in Collections - The Parties will co-finance a joint venture in San-hwa Mexico Industrial Park, Head of the Joint Venture.
The first quarter of 2022 saw a positive increase in the net return profit compared to that of the previous quarter, benefiting from the development of new energy industries and the upgrading of their products, growth and certainty, and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
By product category, the RAC appliance business received 13,834 million yuan, or +23.3 per cent, and the car zero component, $7,514 million, or +56.5 per cent. The performance gains benefited from: 1; the company ' s new energy car order continued to be released and maintained at a high rate; 2 and the company actively seized energy efficiency upgrades,
In the area of non-recurrent gains and losses,1 the company entered into a contract with the Xinchang County Land Repository Centre for Land Use Rights in Xinchang County, and signed a money supplement to the Xinchang County Seven Star Street Office.
Agreement on Compensation, where the price of the contract consists of a collection compensation and a relocation compensation incentive totalling 546 million yuan, which has been collected for the 2022 reporting period in the amount of 316 million yuan.2 In order to avoid the price risk of raw materials and to guard against exchange rate risk, the public and subsidiaries have been engaged in derivative operations, including futures derivatives and exchange rate derivatives. 2022,
Future losses of $6.43 million and foreign exchange losses of $191.84 million. 25.92 per cent of spare parts operations, compared to +2.07 pct, Māori for the zero operations, are expected to benefit from the large-scale effect of order retention, and from the increase in the self-formulation of component products; and Māori sales of 2023q1 are 25.57 per cent, corresponding to 25.57 per cent.
Figure 2: Corporate income and growth in the single quarter, Figure 3: Corporate net profit and increase (billions, per cent) Figure 4: Corporate net profit and increase in the single quarter
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%) Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Refrigerated AC electrical parts and components maintain a global leader. The company’s operations consist mainly of air conditioner components and parts and auto units, the company’s air conditioner electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, magnetic valves, microchannels for heat, electric expansion valves for vehicles, integrated components for the management of new energy vehicles, and the market share of products such as the omega pumps.
The world’s first is the world’s leading market share of cut-off valves, car heat-inflated valves, liquid storage devices, and so on. New energy sales have continued to increase, and company zero operations have gone with mainstream new energy car customers.
The company works with mainstream new energy customers, including Faleo, the general public, Mercedes, BMW, Volvo, Toyota, General, Gilly, Biadi, Upload, Ultra, and Wire, and so on.
The new energy heat management system has expanded its product class and has increased its value almost twice as much. Compared to the traditional heat management industry, the new energy vehicle heat management system has increased battery heat management loops, electrical heat management circuits, new cooling panels, battery coolers, electric pumps, electronic expansion valves, ptc heating or heat pump systems, etc., core product prices
The value has been raised from $2230 to approximately $6410, and the value has nearly doubled. The company has actively deployed component integration and heat management system programmes, upgrading from "mechanical component development" to "e-control integrated systems control technology solutions".
The value of the vehicles has increased further, with the largest single-car value approaching $5,000. The new 7.3 million new energy vehicles produced annually Thermal Management System Component Technical Reengineering Project was completed in 2021, and the share of components is expected to rise.
Energy storage: The company established Three Flowers of New Energy Heat Management Technology (Hangzhou) Ltd. in March 2022, mainly to carry out activities related to storage heat management, energy heat management and new energy car heat management operations close to the technical route, with a good stock of products and technology, and a storage heat management system solution has been developed with industry poles
Robotics: Corporate robotics focus on imitating robotic electron executors, and the company has the advantage of establishing partnerships with a number of customers. In 2022, the company will issue a global deposit voucher (gdr) and market it on the Swiss exchange, raising funds to expand corporate globalization and strengthen corporate refrigeration control.
In April 2023, the company issued an announcement and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Green Sioux, Harmonious Technology, Inc. The framework agreement between the two parties will co-finance a joint venture, the owner of the joint venture, at the Sanhua Mexican Industrial Park.
The company’s performance has grown robustly, benefiting from the development of new energy industries and the upgrading of its own products, growth and certainty.
The company is well-run, has a high growth rate, has a robust growth in refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts, has opened up new growth points for storage energy, robotics, and the author has assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author