The company has been operating as a transvestite for 20 years, and now the product covers industrial automation and intelligence.
Elevators, new-energy vehicles and orbital transport are the four major plates leading the country in industrial automation, with the highest/lowest (in dollars) in nearly 12 months, with a 24h1 Māori rate achieved as a result of the relatively low share of new energy businesses in Māori.
31.8% cost control is good. Corporate equity and core management teams are stable, most of the executives are well equipped for their work experience with Emerson, experience in the industry, multiple equity incentives to bind core staff.
The rapid growth compared to +97 per cent, with Māori overseas above the domestic level, has led to an overall increase in the level of Māori in companies; at the same time, companies have continued to expand and improve multi-industry technological innovation and product research and development through multiple M&As to improve their diversification patterns and enhance their market adaptability and competitiveness.
• Industrial and regulatory operations: the industry continues to grow in size, the national production replacement + the vast excursion space. Industrial automation systems are divided mainly into control, drive and enforcement layers, covering a wide range of products. The global market for industrial automation is expected to continue to grow as a result of the upgrading of automation technology.
The global market is expected to reach $42.18 billion in 2030, roughly half of the size of the market and half of the size of the project, mainly downstream, including machine tools, electronic manufacturing equipment, packaging equipment, chemicals and municipalities.
With a 9.3% increase, the size of the market is expected to continue to expand as downstream investment needs are released.
In recent years, multi-product markets have continued to increase, with such markets as universal servers, transformers, and so on. Companies compete for multi-product solutions based on the ipd integrated development model and a continuous and rapid product rotation.
• New energy automobile business: the demand-up industrial chain-led effect is significant, companies continue to upgrade our new-energy car sales worldwide, driven by the rapid growth of new-energy cars, our cars.
Investment in fixed assets in manufacturing has continued to grow, boosting demand in the industrial chain. In terms of cost structure, the ratio of three electricity systems to new energy vehicles has reached 50%, and the power control system is the “control centre” for electric vehicles, which, according to the Baal Research Institute, is expected to be in place for 24 years as the market for new energy vehicles rapidly expands.
The market is expected to be 21.9 billion yuan, with a total of 7.3 per cent in 19-24 cagr.
The company’s main power-driven and power-generating systems have expanded from a new commercial vehicle to a new one. With the advantages of rapid response, technology overlap, and timely delivery, the company achieves rapid business development.
Market-oriented new products and solutions have been introduced in terms of products and technologies.
• Elevator operations: mature business infrastructure is stable and smooth, real estate investment fluctuations affect the elevator industry, medium- and long-term, elevator market shifts to stock markets, elevator service markets after sale, and elevator replacement markets will replace the new loading market as a new growth point.
The parts and components sector is more competitive, the market share is dominated by national producers, and some foreign elevator brands still use their own branded parts and components and foreign brands.
Corporate elevators are facing a volatile external environment, actively expanding market space, increasing market share in multiple dimensions, increasing the share of major products steadily, achieving a steady increase in overall income, system plus human interface plus door plus cable beams, and technology levels are close to or achieved in the country.
At an internationally advanced level, the city’s share is expected to continue to rise. • Profit forecasting, valuation and investment ratings, based on the volatility of the industry, we fine-tune corporate profitability projections, we predict company 2024-
The Schenwan Industry Classification is mechanical equipment-automated equipment-industrial control equipment, and this breakdown includes a total of 29 companies, excluding companies that lack valuation projections, and we select the remaining 15 companies as comparable public companies, considering the company as the leading national producer in our industrial and regulatory industry, which is expected to benefit from the future manufacturing industry.
In the context of the upgrading of dynamics, the industrial and regulatory sector has become more dynamic, while the company's new-energy auto power industry continues to be active, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 1) Business risks associated with economic fluctuations; 2) under demand in the elevator sector due to the low real estate market
Sliding risks; 3) increased competition in the new energy car market, resulting in a lower level of profits from the company ' s new energy automobile business; 4) reduced risks from the company ' s competitive advantage due to insufficient core technology and talent.
The Bureau's ongoing outreach, 1.1 is the leading industrial and industrial company in the country, covering four large sections of the country's business, leading automated enterprises, multi-businesses and driving together.
In 2003, it was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2010. The main business is to provide automated equipment and lines of production, transformers, server systems, plc/hmi, high-performance power generators, sensors, machine visuals, aerodynamic components, etc., self-motivated core parts and solutions, large-scale elevator electrical appliance solutions for the elevator industry, new energy automobiles, etc.
Industry provides electric power-driven & power supply systems, traction and control systems for the orbital transport industry, and industrial robotic products and solutions for automated production lines, workshops, factories.
With its development in more than 20 years, the Hitchon technology is now the leading industrial automation, intelligent elevators, new energy vehicles, and orbital transport company in the country. The company relies on industrial control technologies to develop a multi-product, multi-sector integrated solution provider.
Automation equipment/automated production lines provide transformers, server systems, plc/hmi, high-performance power generators, sensors, machine vision, aerodynamic components, etc., core industrial automation components and solutions, elevator electrical appliance for the elevator industry Solutions, power-driven & power systems for the new energy automobile industry, and towed and controlled for the orbital transport industry
The company’s main products include transformers, server systems, control systems, industrial visual systems, sensors, various electrical controllers, auxiliary power systems, towed transformers, auxiliary transformers, high voltage boxes, tractors, tcms, smart hardware, and information management platforms.
Trailer-trailer. Trail-trailer-trailer-trailer.
Corporate business income grew rapidly, and net profits increased steadily. Corporate business income increased at a compound rate of $2.8 per cent in 2017-2023, compared to the previous period, resulting from lower rates of growth in net profits and higher rates of revenue, as a result of faster growth in the share of new-energy automobiles with lower Māori rates, and volatility in intra-industry volumes and prices.
The Māori rate fluctuated slightly, and the share of new energy operations, mainly due to the relatively low Māori rate, increased rapidly, and cost controls.
The ratio of revenue to the general automation category, new energy type, and elevator electrical systems in its main business has increased slightly. However, the ratio of gross profit to elevator electrical systems has declined by 6.79 pct, mainly due to downstream real-estate fluctuations, with a slight recovery in 2023.
Māori is growing steadily in the new-energy automobile business with a low Māori rate, while increasing competition in the industrial-controlled product market has also led to a decline in Māori rates. Corporate marketing costs, management costs, and financial costs have generally been shown to reflect good corporate cost controls.
Figure 8 Sub-products Māori ratio Equity structure and management team is stable, multi-round equity incentives to bind cores Corporate equity structure is stable, and core management is stable. Corporate shareholders, and actual control is Chu Hing-ming.
The largest shareholder, the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company (HKCL), holds 21.23 per cent of the Sinkkawa technology shares, and the Sinkche investment, as a 19-member founder holding platform, holds 17.4 per cent of the total shares.
As of June 2024, the top three shareholders in the company were Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., Shenzhen Shuncheon Investment Limited, and Liu Guowei. The current president and president of the company, Chu Heung Minh, had real control over the company.
After more than 20 years of experience, the technology of the company is very deep.
A strong spirit of sharing, and since 2013, companies have accumulated six periods of equity incentives, on average every two years. Incentives are directed primarily at company directors, senior and middle-level managers, and core technicians.
In 2023, more than 1.74 billion yuan was collected abroad, an increase of 96.5%.
In terms of global layout, companies have moved to internationalization in the areas of sales and services, R & D, and supply chains through the “global” model around regions such as East Asia, South-East Asia, India, Middle East and North Africa, Europe, and the Americas.
From a market perspective, in overseas markets, especially in Europe, looking for targets with a certain size, brand, and channel, enabling companies to expand overseas markets. In such markets as India, South Korea, and South-East Asia, they go out to sea through industry lines in elevators, remodelling, etc.
(b) The Euro-American region is the centre of attention, test pads, textiles, air conditioning and refrigeration, and notation.
In the Euro-American market, the public sector operates primarily on industry lines, setting up research and development and manufacturing centres, and providing customized solutions for customers.
Since its inception, companies have expanded the range of products and industries in the area of automation through multiple M&As. Mergers and acquisitions are organized around two main directions: 1)
The upgrading of technology-based M&As is based on client demand, and companies supplement and efficiently synergize with existing products through acquisitions of technology or short-board products; and (2) M&As in size form some support for public revenue, with some synergy with existing markets, customers, and products.
Viewing, receiving, buying and buying is an effective means for companies to rapidly build multi-product solutions and expand business paths, and companies have been actively investing in M&A operations around the direction of automation, precision machinery, industrial software and upstream and downstream industrial chains that are highly synergistic with their main industries.
2 Industry Control Business: Continuous expansion of industry, national production substitution + vast space for offshore downstream manufacturing investment + Automated trends drive sustained expansion of industry control
Industrial automation systems are divided mainly into control layers, driving layers, and enforcement layers, and cover multi-product sub-products. Industrial self-motivation is the widespread use of auto-control and self-regulating devices in industrial production to replace the trend of manual manipulation of machines and machinery systems for processing and production, and industrial automation can lead to more efficient production, higher production and better quality.
At the core of industrial automation applications are various types of industrial automation control equipment and systems, the main products include human interfaces, controllers, transformers, server systems, step systems, sensors and related instrumentation.
Industrial automation control products, as an important component of high-end equipment, are key to the development of advanced manufacturing technology and modern industrial automation, digitization, networking and intelligence, extensive application to machine tools, textiles, wind power, lifting, plastics, packaging, elevators, food, automobiles, etc., in the national economy.
The industrial automation control system contains a wide range of product classifications, which can be classified functionally into control layers, drive layers, and enforcement layers. The control layer is used primarily to control the temperature, pressure, flow, position of the material or the position of the object in the manufacturing process, tilt, rotation, etc.; drivers, etc.
Classes perform actions that are driven by specific instructions from the control end, such as servo systems, frequency transformers, servers, etc.; sensor-based products are primarily responsible for sensing, measuring, feedback internal and external messages and transmitting related signals, such as visual cameras, sensors, encoders, etc.; system-type products are integrated.
Automated overall solutions, such as industrial robotics, electromechanical modules, machine beds, digital plants, etc. resulting from the split or all of the aforementioned products. igbt, dsp, fpga, semiconductor components such as storage, transistors, electrical resistors, capacitors, etc.
Devices, permagnetic materials, silicon chips, end plugs, pcb and other driving layers
plc - Cnc system
Satellite systems Project type: electricity, metallurgy, construction materials, petroleum gas, chemicals, mining, municipal engineering, etc. Oem: machine tools, textile machinery, food machinery, medical equipment, printing machines, packaging machines, etc.
3c Electronics manufacturing, industrial robotics, cranes, plastics, rubber machines, etc., are expected to reach a global industrial automation market of $421.8 billion in 2030, with a compound growth rate of 8.6 per cent in 22-30.
By 2022, US$ 213.499 billion had been reached, benefiting from the upgrading of industrial automation technology, and the market was expected to grow steadily. Industrial automation began relatively late but rapidly, reaching $261.1 billion in 2022.
After years of technological accumulation and application, the country’s industrial automation control technologies, industries and applications have developed considerably. According to China’s Industrial Control Network, in 2021, China’s overall market rules for industrial automation products and services.
The model amounts to about $253 billion, or approximately $261.1 billion in 2022, an increase of about 3.20 per cent over the same period; downstream clients in the industrial automation sector can be divided into oems and project types, each accounting for about half of the industrial control market; market demand for industrially controlled products and productivity expansion in downstream industries, equipment upgrading, product line automation and intelligence levels.
In general, the higher the demand for equipment in downstream industries, the higher the level of automation and intelligence, the more industrially controlled products they use. The downstream demand for industrially controlled products comes mainly from two types of markets, the oem-type market and the project-type market, among which the oem-type market is mainly wind power, machine-beds, elevators, textile machinery, packaging, etc.
The electronic manufacturing and project-based markets are mainly electricity, petrochemicals, oil and gas, automobiles, construction materials, metallurgical materials, etc. The oem market is about half of the industrial-controlled market each.
Controlling network statistics, oem-type markets, which involve a large number of industries, and the manufacturing of machine tools and electronic equipment, which accounted for 18.54 per cent and 18.44 per cent, respectively, in 2022, followed by packaging machines, wind power, textiles, machinery, food machinery, etc.
In 2022, the Oem market showed a slight decline. Project-based markets refer to the design and implementation of the overall automated system of engineering.
The project-based market is dominated by systems integration, industry customization, infrastructure, etc. The overall size of the project-based market is about $90,635 million in 2022, with a steady advance in innovation; the municipal sector benefits from environmental policies and a marked increase in demand for life; the electricity sector.
The project-based market is expected to continue to grow steadily, benefiting from sustained national investment in infrastructure.
The demand for downstream investment continues to support market expansion, and according to the National Statistical Office, the cumulative growth in the completion of our fixed capital investment in manufacturing in 2023 was 6.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 2.6 pct down from 2022 on a year-on-year basis, and as of July 2024, our fixed capital investment in manufacturing was in the same year.
By industry, the cumulative completion of fixed-asset investments in computers, communications and other electronic equipment manufacturing, textiles, rubber and plastics, electricity, heat, gas and water production and supply, was higher in 2023 compared to the previous year. The continued release of multi-downstream investment demand is expected to drive the process.
A breakdown of product markets by the same percentage of industry's total fixed asset investment completion figure 21 shows that the size of the market is expected to continue to expand as a result of the re-emergence of downstream landscapes and the growth of intelligent manufacturing as a product of major industrial control.
In 2021 and 2022, the market size of China’s low-voltage transformers reached about 28.3 billion yuan and 29 billion yuan, respectively, an increase of 19.92% and 2.47%, respectively. As the domestic macroeconomic environment recovers, intelligent manufacturing leads to a rise in the industrial chain.
The level, the structural reforms on the supply side, the continued release of policy dividends, and the confidence of downstream manufacturing investment are expected to pick up steadily, the market for low-pressure transformers will return to steady growth, and the market for low-pressure transformers is expected to reach $33,481 million in 2025, with a smoother pace of growth.
The servo technology achieves the goal of commanding large power loads with small power signals and, in the absence of a mechanical connection, to control remote output axes and track telecoms by synchronizing near-end input axes. According to China's Industrial Control Network, the market size of our servo system reached $20.6 billion in 2022, subject to macro rings.
The impact of volatility is slightly lower than in 2021. With the advance of our intelligent manufacturing, the high-end manufacturing industry is constantly increasing the processing accuracy, response speed, stability, etc., the servile system as the core component of the industrial control product, its applications will continue to expand, market demand will grow rapidly, and demand will be expected to grow rapidly.
The market size of the servo system is expected to reach $23.5 billion in 2025, combined growth is expected to rise to 2.2 domestic manufacturers in the next three years, and the global low-pressure transformers can be divided into two major sectors, the European and the Japanese, and the European and American systems are good at large automated systems.
Industrial automation controls products with high technical content, professionalism, wide range of applications, competitive industries. After decades of development and underachievement, the industry is technologically advanced, fully functional, and many products and products are highly competitive.
The year’s market layout has already had a high market profile and a large client base. In the area of large automation systems, large engineering electrical transmissions, the Euro-American brands have a high market share, mainly representing the manufacturers of abb, Siemens, Schneider, etc., while the Japanese brands have a market share in the manufacturing of small machinery equipment.
Since 2020, small-scale enterprises have been less resilient to systemic risks in the face of an unstable trading environment.
In 2022, China’s market share of the top 10 firms in the low-pressure transformer sector together amounted to 76.5%, an increase of 3.7 percentage points from 2021. According to China’s Industrial Control Network, in 2022, the top 10 firms in China’s low-pressure transformer (free of wind power) were among the top 10 companies.
Seven seats were held by foreign firms, with a combined market share of 56.9 per cent, with abb and Siemens occupying the first and third, while the national product plates were dominated by the Hitchon technology, Delta Electronics, and British Witten entering the top 10 by 18.6 per cent, 5.6 per cent and 5.3 per cent, respectively, with Hitchon technology ranked second.
Euro-American products dominate high-end equipment by virtue of their product nature, national product plates are dominated by the Hong Kong-led servo market, with the top 10 servo-markets over 80% by 2022. The market for servo systems is becoming more competitive, market concentration is increasing, and the pre-2022 servo-systems market is rising.
The top 10 firms have a market share of 80.9 per cent of the country's market participants in the servo system, and in terms of the type of market, in small and medium-sized equipment markets, solar brands enter the country's market earlier, occupying a larger market share with good value for money and higher reliability; in high-end markets, products are mainly targeted at some.
In complex applications and specific industries, with a small market capacity, Euro-American brands are superior to high-end equipment with higher product performance. Local brands are already dominant in the market for server systems.
Markets continued to expand, with Hitchon technology ranked first at 24.3% of the market in 2022. The foreign brands of Japan, Mitsubishi, Ancheon, Matsumoto and Omron, respectively, ranked third, fourth, fifth, and ninth in terms of their share of the market, respectively, 9.5%, 9.2%, 8.7% and 2.7%; and the Euro-American brand, Siemens, entered the market.
Top 10, 10.9 per cent of market share. Figure 262017-2022 Changes in market concentration in the country's servile systems. Figure 272022 Market share of major serviles.
Policies have continued to promote the development of national production and intelligent manufacturing industries in the area of automation of industrial controls. Since 2015, China has published China Manufacturing 2025, the Three-Year Action Plan for Enhancing the Core Competitiveness of Manufacturing (2018-2020), and the National Catalogue of Recommendations for Energy-efficient Technologies (2019).
With the accumulation and innovation of domestic industrial automation technologies and the support of relevant national industrial policies, industrial automation control products have gradually emerged superior in terms of product adaptability, technical services, value for money, etc.
The overall market share of domestic firms is growing steadily, thanks to localized advantages, such as rapid response, costs, services, etc., and closing the gap with internationally renowned brands in terms of product performance, technology, and so on. Overall, the trend toward domestic substitution for imports will become apparent, and the pace of substitution will accelerate.
The policy has led to an increase in the competitiveness of national producers and a steady increase in the country’s rate of national production in the area of industrial automation. The country’s industrial automation sector, which is highly competitive, continues to be dominated by foreign brand manufacturers, including Euro-Americans, including Siemens, abb, Mitsubishi, Anchuan, Omron, Matsumoto, and others.
The industrial automation control industrial policy developed by our government has been a positive guide and support for industrial development, and the national product plate has been narrowing the gap with the international giants in terms of product performance, technology, etc., by virtue of its rapid response, cost, service, etc.
The greater the number of industries that achieve product entry and share expansion, with firms representing domestic producers, with the ability to upgrade their products and integrated solutions, is already in the forefront of some of them.
General Automated Leadership, which is continuously improving competitiveness, is a leading national Automated General Enterprise, with products covering multiple areas of Automated Universal.
High-precision wires, industrial robotics, etc. Products and solutions. The transformer controls the speed and speed of the power transfer by changing the working voltage and frequency of the power exchange to meet the need for energy conservation, process speed, etc. The server system is the core component of the automated movement control chain and allows accurate, rapid and stable control of speed, turnkey and position.
plc (programmablelogiccontroller, programmable controller) is the “brain” of the equipment automation/circle automation and flow industry, which controls all types of machinery or production through digital or analogue input/output. Industrial machines are mechanical devices that are widely used in the industrial field with multiple joints or multiple degrees of freedom.
The company's continuous layout, fast product rotations and new product layouts effectively enhance the competitiveness of the company's multi-product solution.
Heavy-pound products such as i/o systems, hd3x high-performance voltage transformers, va71 series ocr scene smart cameras; also, sophisticated straight-line track products are supplemented by M & A. Chart 31ir-r220 reloads six joint robots
Figure 32mtc 600 series of panel-based digital control systems The number of companies has continued to rise, with several industrial automation products at the forefront of the country. Foreign brand companies include Ancheon, Mitsubishi, Matsumoto, Siemens, abb, Schneider, Finako, Epp.
Companies, as local firms, have the advantage of industry customization solutions, high value for money, and responsiveness to customers' needs, as compared to some foreign brands in the industry. In competing with foreign brands, firms mainly use technology marketing and industry marketing strategies to provide industry clients with an integrated approach to “industrial controls plus processes”
In 2023, the share of the company ' s universal server system in the Chinese market was about 28.2 per cent, ranking first; the share of low-pressure transformer products (including elevator-specific transformers) in the Chinese market was approximately 28.2 per cent.
17.0 per cent, ranked second in the list of insiders; about 15.9 per cent, of the Chinese market, of the Chinese market, of the Chinese market, and about 15.3 per cent, of the Chinese market, of the Chinese market, of the small plc product, ranked second in the list of insider brands; and about 6.5 per cent, of the Chinese market, of the sales of industrial robotic products.
The fourth place, with Scara's share in the Chinese market of about 20.8 per cent of robotic products, and the third place in the market for low-voltage transformers.
Figure 35 Urban coverage of high-voltage transformers, Figure 36 Small plc, Chart 3720-2023
Based on an integrated development model of ipd, the company completes the development and application of ipd 2.0, and continuously contributes to technology storage and product development. Since 2019, the company has promoted internal organizational change, one of its major projects being the development of ipd.
Process, particularly as it relates to the operation of heavyweight teams and the restructuring of the R & D organizational structure. ipd process includes demand management, market management, technology management, product development management, adherence to the top customer value demand orientation, product platform orientation, platform-based products in product start-up processes
Client customization orientation. Follow-up to international leading technology through technical research and pre-research, completion of key technology shortboards and forward-looking research on key devices; and high-performance, low-cost standardization through platform product development
Platform products, providing comprehensive product solutions for clients; creating new custom solutions for industry clients through customization. Companies have completed an ipd2.0 change in their R & D systems over the past four to five years.
It's done correctly, it's done that others can't." Ipd 2.0 combines traditional R & D, basic R & D, process logic with apqp, Sinkakawa integrates the two systems, ensures products developed from a systemic point of view, pre-research technologies, building solutions.
The programme is in line with the requirements at the vehicle level.
Product development management charter life cycle
Portfolio Management pcr (or)
Management techniques: Efficiently enabling the development and construction of capacity barriers Technology development management Technology road signs-charter
Technical sp cbb planned to develop validation release life cycle
3 New Energy Motors: The demand-up industrial chain driver effect is evident, and companies are continuously upgrading our new energy car sales department, the global leader, the industry chain driver effect is significant.
In 2023, Chinese automobile sales outpaced 30 million vehicles, led the world for 15 years, new energy vehicles infiltrated the world, and in 2023, the Chinese automobile market did not fear the challenges of the “state supplement” of new energy vehicles and the slowdown in economic growth.
According to data, in 2023, the cumulative production and sale of Chinese cars were 30.161 million and 30.944 million, respectively, an increase of 11.6 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively, respectively, compared to 2023, when the penetration rate of our new energy vehicles reached 31.6 per cent, an increase of 26.2 pt from 2020.
The penetration rate of new-energy cars has risen rapidly. According to the Union, the penetration of new-energy cars in the domestic retail market in April of this year reached 43.7%, an increase of 12 percentage points from 32% in the same period last year.
The development of new energy vehicles has become an important long-term strategic initiative for the country. The New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021-2035) (National Development Plan [2020] 39) clearly states that by 2035, vehicles will be mainstreamed into new sales vehicles, and in the public domain, full electricization will be achieved.
Figure 39 shows the total volume and speed of our cars in recent years, and figure 40 shows the total volume and speed of our cars in recent years, and the global volume of new energy vehicles in 2023 amounted to 14,653,000 vehicles per year +35.4 per cent, of which China sold 9.5 million vehicles in China.
The world is leading in the sales of new energy cars in China, with 65% of the world's population. According to research data from the evtank, the global volume of new energy vehicles in 2023 reached 14,653,000, an increase of 35.4% over the same period, and China will remain the largest new energy vehicle market, with 9.5 million vehicles in total.
64.8% of the world’s sales were made in Europe and North America, which together with China became the world’s top three new sources of automobiles in 2023. In the future, as countries supported continued policies, the global market for new energy vehicles was expected to reach 1830.0 million vehicles in 2024, including China’s new energy sources.
The number of cars sold will reach 1,180.0 million, and the global volume of new energy vehicles will reach 4.70.0 million in 2030. China’s vehicle exports have increased continuously, and in 2023 they surpassed Japan and became the largest vehicle exports in the world, according to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, from January to June 2023, the country’s total vehicle exports were 234.1.
Ten thousand vehicles, 76.9 per cent more than the same year, were exported by the Japan Automotive Industry Association (JAIA) to 2.02 million Japanese vehicles during the same period (an increase of 17 per cent over the same period).
Monthly data show that, in 2023, China accumulated 4.91 million vehicles exported, representing an increase of 57.9 per cent in the same year and a contribution of 55.7 per cent to the growth of total vehicle sales. In January-April 2024, 182,000 vehicles were exported, an increase of 33.4 per cent in the same year, of which 1539,000 were exported by car, an increase of 34.8 per cent in the same year.
288,000 vehicles, an increase of 26.5 per cent over the same period. 1407,000 vehicles exported from traditional fuels, an increase of 37.7 per cent over the same period, exported 4.21 million new energy vehicles, an increase of 20.8 per cent over the same period.
In January-December 2023, the country experienced a steady increase in fixed capital investment and a relatively rapid increase in fixed capital investment in the automobile industry. As of July 2024, fixed capital investment in the automobile industry had increased by 5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with rapid growth in new energy vehicles.
In terms of cost structure, three power systems account for up to 50% of the cost of new vehicles. Energy consumption, continuation, and safety.
It is the most important issue for new energy car consumers and is closely linked to the vehicle ' s three power systems. According to the data on lithium, three power systems account for 50 per cent of the cost of new energy vehicles. Among these, power cells are the core components of the three systems, which solve the core pains of new energy vehicles, such as mileage, useful life, safety, etc., accounting for about 38 per cent of the cost of new energy vehicles.
In addition, the power drive and the power control system each account for about 6.5% and 5.5% respectively.
With the rapid growth of the new energy car market, the power systems of the new energy car, 15-19, include two major categories: power-driven systems and power-powered systems. The power-driven systems include electric machines, power-controllers, decelerating tanks, which are the core components that drive electric cars; the power-driven systems include:
Car-borne chargers (obc), dc-dc converters and high voltage distribution boxes are the core components of power batteries charged, converted and distributed. China’s new-energy car system industry has been accompanied by rapid growth of new-energy vehicles, based on the number of leopard institutes.
According to the report, the size of the market for the new energy automobile electricity control system (based on sales income) grew from 5.68 billion yuan in 2015 to 15.43 billion yuan in 2019, with an average annual compound growth rate of 28.4 per cent.
The speed of growth in the automotive power system industry has slowed.
The power-driven system consists mainly of power drivers, electrical controllers and transmissions. The power controllers function as hardware and software designs based on power semiconductors, which control the working state of the machines in real time, so that they work according to the desired direction, speed, rotation, response time, mainly with power components, control software and sensors.
At present, China’s market for new energy automobiles is dominated by local brands, with the main players in the new energy automobile mainframe and third-party system integration. China’s market for new energy automobiles is dominated by local brands, and foreign-owned products are marketed in the early stages of their cultivation and development due to higher prices, among other things.
Within the industry, local Chinese enterprises are divided into two main categories: the new energy automobile mainframe, which is represented by Biadey and the new energy engine, which has developed autonomously a model of electricity for the production of flags, with the benefit of the experience and resources it has accumulated in the manufacture of whole cars and spare parts.
Third-party power control system integrator: third-party system integrator has multi-year manufacturing experience in the areas of inverters, servers, industrial motors, fast extension of operations to new energy sources as new energy vehicles rise
The three-in-one power-driven aggregate remains the main market-driven product for new energy vehicles, with a rapidly rising penetration rate of one-in-one. Enterprises such as the one-in-one penetration rate, Ferdy power, Chang-an-new energy, Hua-in-a-kind, etc., are moving from a mechanical structure to a power-in-the-deep electron-integration pattern.
It's a pcba integration, chip integration, and more forward-to-power-area integration of three-power-sized and three-power-sized, new energy industries that are steadily out of reach, with a continuous increase in city occupancy, company-owned power-driven and power-generating systems that expand from new energy commercial vehicles to new energy vehicles.
Products include power-driven systems (electrics, power controllers, power-driven lump-sums) and power-powered systems (dc/dc, obc, power-based aggregates), providing integrated product solutions for new energy vehicles and new energy commercial vehicles.
In 2012, the company and Woo-tung agreed to work together strategically on the deployment of a new power source, a commercial motor control operation. In 2016, the Hong Kong Union was set up to operate an independent new energy vehicle component operation and, in collaboration with the Swiss brusa strategy, to deploy new sources of energy in the use of vehicles. The company seized the historic opportunity of car electricization.
Firmly engaged in six years of strategic investment, leading the country’s electricity and power markets. Companies are fast-paced by rapid response, technology overlap, and timely delivery.
Continued rapid growth and faster release of electrical power and power products. Client structures are further optimized, and new forces are growing rapidly, with orders from car-based customers, domestic traditional car-based customers, overseas-car-based customers.
As of March 2024, in the area of new energy vehicles, the domestic share of new energy vehicles was 9.2 per cent, with the third highest ranking after the Ferdy power (33.4 per cent) and the Chinese numeric energy.
Source (9.3%). Domestic market share of the company ' s electric system in the area of new energy use vehicles, 3.4% in March 2024, sixth place; domestic market share of power-driven systems, about 4.2%, seventh place. The company ' s main competitors in the area of new energy-borne power-drived systems are foreign brands, such as Bozo, Union Electronics, etc.
Companies have introduced a number of new products and solutions to the market in terms of products and technologies. Products such as aggregates, motors, power controls, and power sources have all produced a new platform, and the fourth generation has been fully produced and is beginning to move gradually.
Bulk delivery. The efficiency and power density of commercial vehicle platform products have been significantly enhanced by technology such as active and vehicle access, functional safety in the use of vehicles, semiconductor power, cooling in power tanks, e-cards, etc.
In recent years, we have introduced policies to promote the elevator industry. On 18 June 2023, the Directorate-General of Market Supervision issued Elevator Security Bases.
The three-year programme of action (2023-2025) proposes to promote the upgrading of old elevators and to promote the establishment of mechanisms to finance their maintenance and to solve the problem of the cost of upgrading old residential elevators. On 8 November 2023, the Supreme People's Court and the Ministry of Housing, Urban and Rural Development jointly issued the “Figure case of existing homes and elevators in old and old small areas” as an old small area.
On 7 March 2024, the State Council issued a programme of action to promote large-scale renovations and the replacement of consumer goods with old ones, proposing to accelerate the upgrading of equipment in the area of construction and municipal infrastructure, with emphasis on residential elevators, etc., and to promote upgrading.
The volatility of real estate investments has affected the elevator industry, and in the medium and long term, the elevator market has shifted to the stock market, and the elevator market has become a new growth point for the market for the sale of after-services and for the replacement of elevators.
In 2023, our real estate investment amounted to $11 trillion, a decline of 9.6 per cent over the same year, and by July 2024, the cumulative total of real estate construction was between -22 per cent, with fluctuations in real estate investment affecting the need for a new elevator ladder.
Figure 57 provides some support for the elevator industry by July 2024, when the cumulative area of real estate was completed by the same date as -22% of the old and old regions and the replacement and maintenance of old elevators. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2023 there were 1.57 million elevators, escalators and elevators nationwide, the same number.
The national output of elevators, escalators and elevators increased by 3.9 per cent in May 2024, a decline of 11.2 per cent in May 2024 and 553,000 in January-May, a decline of 7.7 per cent in January-March.
According to data from the Directorate-General of Market Supervision, in 2022 there were 9,644 thousand domestic elevator stocks, and in 2023 there were, for the first time, more than 10,629,000 domestic elevator stocks, representing an increase of 10.22% over the same period. The market for after-sale services and elevator replacements will replace the new loading market as a new growth point for the future.
In recent years, the domestic elevator stock has become more competitive in the domestic elevator parts industry, with the market share dominated by domestic producers and some foreign elevator brands.
There is still the use of own branded parts and components or foreign-owned ones. Based on product quality security, cost control, business focus, an increasing number of elevator manufacturers outsource parts and components to specialized suppliers and tend to use integrated, high-end procurement solutions that include components such as control systems, human interfaces, door systems, cable beams, etc.
Modes, industry concentration is expected to increase further. On the other hand, as the "doubt carbon" policy moves forward, low-carbon elevator systems are becoming more popular in the market, and smartness brings a lot of help in the efficient operation of elevators, real-time maintenance, security stability, etc., which will benefit businesses with technological power and R & D reserves in low-carbon, intelligent areas.
The company’s products include elevator control systems, human interfaces, door systems, control cabinets, cable beams, wellway electrical, elevator network, etc. and large electrical support solutions. The elevator control system is a logical, speed control device that regulates the operation of elevator cars, floor instructions, floor calls, inside instructions, security protection, etc.
The interface is an elevator caller and an elevator observation device, including the elevator’s external page board, insider handlers, monitors, etc. The company’s elevator department is facing a volatile external environment, actively expanding the market space, increasing its market share at multiple dimensions, steadily increasing the occupancy rate of major products, and achieving a steady increase in overall income.
In terms of market expansion, large packages of operations continue to grow faster, growing by more than 30% over the same year. Mainstream product operations, such as electrical and control systems, continue to grow robustly. Through the penetration of integrated controllers/frequency changers, large packages of products, the coverage of large domestic customers, multinational firms and the share of customers continues to increase.
Overseas operations grew at a faster rate, exceeding 30 per cent in the same year; among them, the recognition of corporate control systems by multinational enterprises increased considerably, their mainstream ladders were gradually opened, companies achieved a significant breakthrough in some of the global projects of transnational clients; and European and North American markets benefited from transnational head-to-head customer control systems, portals, etc.
In terms of products and technology, based on the trend towards the intelligentization of elevators, a digitally managed solution for the "Hands of the River" elevator component, covering intelligent control systems, drivers, human interfaces and doors, has been introduced.
Four core products, combining multiple elevator scenes, and smart apps providing barrier-free smart debugging to clients; Better security of flight ladders and failure forecasting/vitation as required through the integration of ai visual technology and digital technology; Protection and escort of customer elevators for digital management.
Chart 61 Trans-Seconical Elevator Business Block Solutions. The growth rate of company elevator operations slowed down as a result of the real estate industry. 5262 million yuan in 2022, or 22.43%. The company has an overall solution for "control systems plus human interfaces plus door systems plus cable beams" and is close to technology.
The company, as a supplier of elevator components with the overall solution of “control systems plus human interfaces plus door systems plus cable beams” and in long-term collaboration with whole-stage manufacturers, through sustained autonomous research and development and technological innovation.
After more than two decades of development, the company's elevator integrated controller/frequency changer, the market share of human interface products are in the forefront of the industry and have a strong branding influence.
In the context of this, the competitive advantage of the company's large-scale elevator-electric solution will become more apparent, with the market taking over the regular elevator integration controllers in chart 66 and chart 65, the honor series control cabinets in the home elevators in Hong Kong.
In the case of domestic ladders, the honor system is designed in very small sizes, 30% of its size compared to the traditional equivalent control cabinets, eliminating the noise from the traditional elevator system, while creating an extremely comfortable operating experience. At the same time, the synchon control cabinets operate with no noise, using a non-contact program, and with an excellent sense of comfort.
Using the highest performance platform, it works at the best in the industry. Integrating multi-prisoner rescue programmes to remove all security concerns from the client community.
ppm level. Control cabinets are not debugled and no parameters are debugled in the factory and in the field to bring up the carrier benefits to the client. Use a high performance-driven platform, with 23-bit absolute-value encoder, to run the best water level in the effect industry.
• General automation operations: Corporate general automation operations include multiple types of communication, such as sensor, control, drive and enforcement layers, using automated products, product coverage sensors, plc, frequency transformers, server systems, electrical power systems, etc. In the context of manufacturing upgrades, industrial automation rates continue to increase, adding national product competitiveness to import substitution plus
The company’s share of industrial automation products is currently at the forefront of the company’s output, with a general automation operation generating revenue of 177.2104.9 billion yuan, respectively. As the company’s production scale continues to expand, the modal effect increases, and the company’s management and efficiency upgrades continue to be implemented in response to market changes.
Interest rates are expected to continue to rise, with the general automation operations of the company projected to achieve Māori rates in 24-26 years, respectively • Smart elevator operations: the company's smart elevator operations are mainly elevator electrical systems, and the main product series includes elevator integration/converters, human interfaces, door systems, wire cables, wellway electrical products, etc. Real estate investment fluctuations affect elevators.
Industry, in the medium-to-long term, the elevator market has shifted to stock markets, the elevator after-sale service market and the elevator replacement market have become new growth points, and the upgrading of old neighbourhoods and the replacement of old elevators and the need for security support support for the elevator industry. The elevator industry is well-established as the company’s basic mature business base, and the company has “control systems plus human interfaces plus door systems plus cable beams”
• New Energy Automobiles & Orbital Transport Operations: The main products of the company's new energy automobile business are power-driven and power-driven systems, which are owned by a variety of new energy automobile products, such as electrical controllers, high-performance motors, pentaple controllers, power-driven totals, etc. The Department has been working for years in the new energy automobile business to obtain markets with a combination of low-cost, high-reliability and leading technology.
The company’s orbital traffic products consist mainly of towed systems, such products as tractors, auxiliary transformers, high-pressure tanks, tractors, etc., orbital transport operations are project-type engineering delivery operations, and companies are fully autonomous of the core technology of the towed and control systems.
With the advantages of national production policy support and high value for money, in 2023, the number of winning vehicles in the orbital transport towed system project is third in number, and the future of the city is expected to continue to rise. We predict that the company’s new energy vehicle & orbital transfer in 24-26 is classified as mechanical equipment, automation equipment, and engineering and control equipment.
In 29 cases, excluding companies that lack valuation forecasts, we have selected the remaining 15 companies as comparable companies, considering that the company, as a leading national producer in our industrial and regulatory industry, is expected to benefit from the future context of manufacturing automation upgrades, the industrial and regulatory industry is expected to improve, while the company's new energy auto power and control operations continue to be released, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Business risks associated with economic fluctuations. 2. Business risks associated with falling demand in the elevator sector due to the low real estate market. 3. Increased competition in the new energy car market, leading to a lower level of profitability in the company ' s new energy automobile business.
4. The risk of corporate competitive advantage is reduced by the lack of core technology and human resources. Financial statements and profit projections: use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of accuracy or completeness, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are only for information.