Mango SuperMechanism (300413).
The company is the new unified media platform for industry and capital operating under the banner of Radio and Television Hunan, which, together with Hunan Watch, constitutes a two-platform-driven, media-inclusive development within the Mango ecology.
The company focuses on the media industry, with Mango tv Quarterly 2021, q1 2021, the company achieving operating income of $4.09 billion (+47.00 per cent), the media platform playing a leading role in research and development, production and production.
In 2020, Mangotv went on the line with more than 40 polygenesis and 57 highlights.
In the name of the family, "The Next Stop is Happiness" and so on, the blasts, while being warm and well-received, contributed to a rapid increase in the number of paid members of Mangotv. By the end of 2020, the number of active members of Mangotv stood at 3.613 million, up from the end of 2019.
96.68 per cent, with company members earning 3.255 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 92 per cent over the same period. Actively exploring new marketing models and negative growth in advertising revenue. In 2020, Mangotv's " Sisters in the Wind " recruited data to update many records, with a total of more than 40 advertising clients, the next stop is Happiness.
In a new fashion, a new model of "live-plus-broadcasting" has been created by custom. More than 40 advertising clients have been recruited. Mango super-movement advertising has generated $4,139 million a year, and long-video platform advertising has led to a strong marketing capacity that differentiates mango super-moves from other long video platforms.
In addition, it is important to note that Mango supermodernity replicates the ability of Hunan Watch to engage in aggressive recruitment: Hunan Watch has occupied the country for a long period of time.
At the top of the advertising billboard, Mango SuperMechanism replicates the great capacity of Hunan Vigilant to engage in business, building on the resources of the Great Lakes South Wide Power Platform, and creating a huge marketing team: in 2020, Mango SuperMechanism had 1,758 salesmen.
The wealth and wisdom of the East continue to grow, adding to their own ecologies, the monsoons and the brothers are ready. The Mango super-media has developed a more sophisticated content-based system, which continues to build up the mound: Mangotv by the end of 2020.
A total of 20 teams of ecstasy, 12 teams of film and film production and 30 strategic co-workshops, including not only professional producers, directors, but also professional garments, chemistry, zodiac teams and large later studios, with a strong industrialization system in which Mango super-media has the capacity to produce quality content on a continuous basis.
In April 2021, Mangotv announced a series of heavy-weight philosophies at the New Mandarin Science Conference, including "My Brother's Life Hot" by Chinese Producer" by "The True Singer" by "The Lover." In the context of the episode, the "Mango monsoon" series will be broadcast on Mangotv and Hunan Vigilance and will be the first weekly broadcast on the network.
Some of the topics to be broadcast include Hunting, "I'm Good in My Country" and "Mama's bracelets" and others, which have a wide range of topics, and are expected to boost the production of drama circles and generate co-growth in member income and advertising income.
Investing in the “community + power-maker” platform, which focuses on the core population of mango users, and in the development of adjoining channels, including escape, tidal games, and pets. The company recently launched the “big screens” platform, which seeks new opportunities for economic development in the living room, and explores new market value on big screens by breaking channels and territorial barriers.
The introduction of new businesses such as the Big Screen Pool, which further refines the mango ecology, enriches the corporate profitability model, further converts the company's strengths in content production into diversified business values that are expected to be added to the company's revenues.
Profit predictions and ratings: the company has a well-developed home-grown content system, has established a significant lead in the field of multiculturalism, and has gradually refined the layout in the field of drama, where the “season theatre” is expected to lead to a proliferation of content, leading to further growth in the number of users and members. At the same time, the company has invested heavily.
Ecology, using diversification to tap into the commercial value of good homemade content. Next, pe is 49x, 40x, and 33x, respectively, to maintain a “recommended” rating. (3) User growth is not as high as expected; (4) competition from short videos is increasing, leading to user time growth.
At the same time, the company published a quarterly report in 2021, q1 in 2021, in which it achieved operating income of $4.09 billion (+47.00 per cent) and a net return to the mother of $773 million (+74.68 per cent).
Mangotv has been on the line for more than 40 amphibious films and 57 feature films, many of which have been excellent: " Sisters on the Wind" has been the top of the list; Mango entertainment " Living with the Sun" is broadcast at the top of the Hunan Vigilant, and at the top of Mangotv, the top of the provincial Vigilance Network. In addition, Mangotv is on the top of the list.
In 2020, Mango tv's "Sisters on Waves" opened up a number of records.
The total number of advertising clients is over 40, Happiness's next stop is a new high, custom-made philanthropy is creating a new model of “live-and-broadcast” and more than 40 advertising clients. Mango supermarkets have generated $4,139 million in advertising throughout the year, an increase of 23.55 per cent over the same year in the context of the decline in advertising on long video platforms.
It is also important to note that Mango super-media replicates the ability of Hunan to compete differently from other long video platforms. Mango super-media advertising has been able to grow inversely, because it guarantees a high quality supply of content and its dominant polytheistic content has its own strong ability to sell.
In 2020, Mango had 1758 salesmen, an increase of 33.9 per cent, even excluding 391 (in 2017).
The Mango supermedia has developed a more complete content-based system, which continues to build up content to protect the city: by the end of 2020, Mangotv had 20 mixed art teams, 12 film and film production teams and 30 strategic teams.
In April 2021, Mangotv announced at the New Mangang Conference of Science and Technology a series of heavy monolithic arts, including "TaCulture" and "Big Brother" as a follow-on piece.
In the context of the episode, Mango Seasons will be aired in Mango tv and Hunan Guardian, and will be the first network-run weekly.
A wide range of topics, such as "The Son" , is expected to boost the circle of dramas and generate a combination of income from members and advertising.
Mango supermedia (300413), with a high number of blasts and a growing commercial capacity to build mango ecology and explore multiple ways of realizing it. Last December, the company launched the "Small Man" app, which focused on the Mango core user community, building a “community + power provider” platform that includes bailouts, tidal games, pets, etc.
Seeking new opportunities for the economic development of the living room, exploring new market value on big screens by breaking out channels and territorial barriers. The introduction of new business such as the “Mang” and the “Magnificos” has further improved mango ecology, enriched the corporate profitability model, and further transformed the company's strengths in content production into multi-metametric business values that are expected to add to the company's revenues.
The company has a well-developed home-grown content system, which has built a significant lead in the field of philanthropy, and has gradually improved its layout in the field of drama, where the “season theatre” is expected to lead to a proliferation of content, leading to further growth in the number of users and members. At the same time, the company invests in enriching mango ecology, using diversity to tap into the commercial value of good home-made content.
(1) The production and on-line of new programmes are not as fast as expected: (2) advertising has declined significantly; (4) competition from short videos has become more intense, resulting in further compression of users over time.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the mango super-magnetism (300,413): the power of the platform to commercialize is growing.
There's an in-depth study of the business of long video, text, Internet advertising, and so on. Focused on: Tweets Holdings, Nets, bytes, fast-hand technology, love.
Research assistant profiles in the areas of long video, outdoor media, mobile reading.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Mango Supermix (300413): the explosive charge is high, the platform's commercial capacity is growing, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the views, conclusions and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.