The Mango Supermix (300413) covers the first time it covers the special "Mango Model", the new phase, and the first report on Mango Supermixes.
• The new state-owned media operating platform, with the Hunan Watch forming a “one-wing, two-nuclear-driven” pattern. Mango super-media is the new mainstream media for state-owned capital holdings, the only new media operating platform under the Hunan Radio flag, forming a “one-wing, two-nuclear-driven” pattern with the Hunan Watch.
iptv, ott, full license plate, multi-end coverage of the "Cloud Screen"; content with HUNAN wide power; strong support for the early accumulation of high quality content with the "Mango Solo" strategy, followed by rapid home-made surges in market value (millions):
Broken: Feature advantages and marketable flexibility of a national medium. Industry: online video entering the user inventory phase, head platform opening up price-raising strategies, platform profiting 870 million people in 2020 industry mau, users entering the stock market.
The status of the video is highlighted as the size of the month is 500 million, and the second echelon of mangotv and the beep is in a very rapid and long-term position. The trend is that the head platform has developed from user competition to boost commercial liquidity, deep-deeping user fees through members ' s stratification, price increases, forward spots, etc.
• Mango models are a unique growth path, new stages of user growth, and a new focus for small Mango power providers.
User side: Mangotv focuses on young female users, with a 97 per cent increase in the number of user fees in 2020.
The demand is strong, and the size of the landscape is 2020.12.03 billion, with 86.69 million subscribers. On the other hand, Mango has the leading content producer in the industry.
On the set, Mango tv built its own studio + external strategic studio, based on a user growth policy based on a downward trend in upstream costs.
In addition, new industries, such as the Mang Man plan, the Small Mangler, and others, are expected to make a sustained contribution. We appreciate the continuing increase in the flow and value of mangotv platforms and the potential development of small mangorgians.
In 2020-2022, Mango super-manufacturers earned 140.02/185.50/232 million in operating income, resulting in a net return of Chen Jun-hwan, whose head is not performing as expected, the development of the mini-manufacturer's business as expected, and policy risks.
The company described the full-screen, full-content, full-width operation of the Hunan Power Force, which has been a leader in the Chinese content industry for more than 20 years, following three rounds of change in scale, intensification and marketization.
The unique content-innovation genes and a sense of change in both the “Tai” and the “net” era have allowed it to maintain a stronger edge in different media changes. Hunan has experienced three rounds of scale, intensification, marketization, and (1) the first round of reforms (1993-2002) introduced a dynamic competition regime: 1993.
Huannan Radio and Television Director Wei Wenbin initiated the first round of reforms. Huannan Radio has introduced competition as a “testing of the fields” economic television station; a film maker system has been introduced, and internal institutional adjustments and content reforms have been introduced.
The second round of reforms (2002-2010) combines resources and group development: in 2002, Hunan High Power was reformed again to create a clustered structure to reduce internal consumption and to integrate former Lake South TV, Hunan South Economic Television and Hunan Limited Radio Television into a new Hunan TV station.
(c) Third round of media reform and integration of embrace markets: in 2010, Hunan Radio launched a third round of reform, separated the station from the broadcast, and set up the goal of "one by one", namely, "one by one."
In 2014, Mangotv officially went online and became a pioneer in HRT exploring the integration of traditional and new media. In 2018, HRT injected into the market the business assets of the television media under its banner, as well as Mangotv, Sky Entertainment, etc.
Mango super-media is based on Luanan Radio and Television, with state-owned attributes providing license plates, resources, and policy advantages, of which Mangotv is a core mango super-magogic asset, forming a “one-wing” media platform with Hunan Watch.
The only new media operating platform for Radio-Television Hunan, with the advantages of state-owned media and the flexibility to market, has an iptv, a ott-size license plate, and its content is strongly supported by its content resources; and, as a state-owned media, it is better equipped to control and regulate content, and to control the policy direction and the rhythm of the broadcast.
At present, Mango supermedia is a core asset of Mangotv, a module of Mango Network TV, formerly a video feed and on-demand service of the new Hunan Watching Eagle Network, which was launched in 2009 and is market-oriented under the name Mangotv: in 2013, Mangotv was included in the Integrated Development of Radio Media in Hunan.
(a) Important agenda items; in 2014, the integration of the Golden Eagle Network and Mango tv was upgraded, Mango tv video table, Mango tvapp was officially launched, and a strategy was established for the “Mangos Solo” programme, which was packaged to Mango tv, with Flowers and Young People as the first home-made platform with 2 million hits on the first day;
In 2015, Mango tvapp’s active users were over 10 million; in 2016, brain-burning reasoning-based auto-mixed art, Stars Detective, was broadcast as the first brand of vertical network integration; in 2018, Mango tv officially entered the net market with the launch of the Mango tv Project; and in 2019, Mango tv began to deliver Hahanov to the Hunan Watch in large quantities.
High-quality content, such as the Journal of Newborns, and the publication of the Great Mang Plan, the New Mangang Plan, the training of kol and the binding of high-quality film and television resources; in 2020, the Great Mangang Plan 2.0 and the New Mangs Plan were launched to further strengthen the self-contained system and to launch a monsoon theatre linked to the network, in conjunction with the Hunan Guards; in January 2021, video content was electrocuted.
The commercial platform “Manapp” is officially online, extending the value of the video content. Figure 1: Hunan Broadband, Mango Super-Mechanism, Mango-Tv Development.
68.35 per cent of the revenue of contributing companies, covering both Internet video business (membership, advertising income) and operator business (iptv+ott); (2) media retailing, contributing 16.52 per cent of the company ' s income, covering television shopping, media electrics and outreach operations: (3) interactive content production in new media, contributing 14.39 per cent of the company ' s income, mainly
In terms of the equity structure, Hunan Radio and Television is the realist of the company, and Ali is the second largest shareholder. The company’s first shareholder is the company’s first shareholder.
For Mango media, the share ratio is 58.94%, and for Hunan Radio and Television, 100%, the share-holding Mango medium is the inter-firm controlling person. In December 2020, Ali launched a $6.2 billion strategic equity investment and completed a 25-year registration as the second largest shareholder in the company, holding 5.26% of the shares.
In May of that year, 1.6 billion mango super-mongos were invested, currently the third largest shareholder in the company, holding 399 per cent of the shares.
In addition, in December 2020, the company financed $6.2 billion in shares transfer (5.26% of shares) and was given the offer. By doing so, Ali and Mango are complementary resources: (i) for mangoes, Ali is the back of the crowd.
Multi-brand vendor resources are expected to help promote better integration of mangos with diverse advertisers and increase advertising revenue, while Afghanistan has a well-developed electronics chain that will help small mango traders still in the process of tweaking up short panels faster: (2) For Ali, mango has a sticky, consumer-capable young female audience, a target user group for the Convergence Business Platform.
On the management side, the company’s management team is mostly based on the wide-banded army, with many years of media experience and deep understanding of the inner industry. Chairman Zhang Hua Li grew up on the front line of a journalist, producer, and was promoted as director of the Hunan entertainment channel.
In November 2017, he became the chairman of the company, as well as the deputy director and editor-in-chief of Hunan TV, and the director-general of Hunan Radio, who is a key promoter of the Hunan public power reform. Director-in-chief and director-in-chief, Tsai Huai, with financial background, undertook a radical overhaul of the organizational structure of Mangotv, and
In addition, the Deputy General Manager of Happy Sunshine, the chief executives of such important companies as Mango Shadows, Leisure Media, Happy Sunshine, and the television army, have insights and extensive experience in content production, platform operation, advertising, etc., and the genes of the Taiwan+net network are connected.
Table 3: Corporate management positions and curricula vitae 2. Financial analysis: the growth of new media operations is high and the profitability of new media operations continues to increase High growth of new core media operations and the number of effective members is close to doubling.
140.1 million yuan, an increase of 1,201 per cent over the same period, of which the production of interactive content in the new media was more severely affected by the epidemic, with a decrease of 47.21 per cent to 831 million yuan in the same year in the 2020h1 battalion, an increase of 92 per cent to 325 million in the same year in the operation of the core new media platform, and an increase of 96.68 per cent to 3.613 million in the same year in the membership of Mangotv; and an increase of 96.61 per cent to 36.13 million in advertising revenue.
In terms of income structure, the share of new media platforms operating has been growing, contributing nearly 70% of the revenue generated by 2020h1. New media, with 24.6% of advertising, 31.1% of members, 12.6% of operators, and 24.6% of the new media interactive entertainment.
The share of content-producing businesses dropped from 35.11% in 2017 to 14.39%. Media retail operations are still in the transition phase, depending on the change in user access to the iptv/ott end, from 34.24% in 2017 to 34.24% in 2017, with the cost of content being the main cost item of Internet video business, with the cost of content amortization increasing faster.
According to the cost structure of the Happy Sun 2017, the cost of content for the Internet video business is the first-largest cost, 43.51 per cent, and on copyright amortization, companies will amortize copyrights for cinemas with a benefit period greater than three years on a 532 amortization method, for 2-3 years on a five-fifths scale, and for less than two years on a straight monthly basis, in addition,
The cost of technology is the second largest, or 19.66 per cent; the operator's business is all from the operator's share of the cost, or 10.20 per cent. Overall, as of 2020h1, the number of new mango media operations, new media interactions, and entertainment content production was 65.10 per cent and 14.53 per cent, respectively.
Rapid growth, with content amortization costs as a proportion of business costs rising from 21.28% in 2017 to Māori in the first three quarters of 2020, and the increase in Māori rates for new media platform operations led to an overall increase in Māori rates. Corporate overall Māori interest rates reached 38.01% in the first three quarters of the year, with the major influences being: (1) the new media platform operating plate.
The Māori rate has risen significantly. In the Internet video business, the cost has been further reduced and the Māori rate has been scaled up as advertising income has been released, user-paying practices have been built up, income has gradually covered content, technology costs, Māori has been transformed in 2018, and new media levels have been stimulated, benefiting from “one cloud of screens” and increased user size; and the cost has been further reduced and the Māori rate has been scaled up; (2)
The Māori rate for interactive content production in the new media is under pressure. The Māori rate for interactive content production in the new media dropped from 50.49% in 2017 to 26.80% in 2019 and from 2020h1, gross, the company’s costs are well controlled, with a steady fall in the rates for the period.
The cost of sales has risen in terms of advertising costs and marketing team incentives, and the overall cost of sales has stabilized in 2019, with the net profit rate of companies expanding their operations increasing substantially, and profitability increasing. The net profit on corporate returns has continued to grow at a high rate, and according to the Reorganization Report, in 2016 the net profit on corporate reconstitution returns to mothers was $530 million, 2017.
The annual loss is reversed and the net return to the mother is $715 million. In 2020, the net profit to the mother rose to $1,963 million, an increase of 69.79 per cent, and the net profit to the mother was 14.02 per cent, an increase of 4.77 pct, as a result of an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio and proper time-cost regulation.
With respect to cash flows, corporate copyright expenditures have a greater impact on operating cash flows, and financing activities supplement monetary funds. With regard to operating cash flows, the annual rise in the value of corporate content copyright investments has had a greater impact on operating cash outflows.
Upstream copyright prices go down, adding up pre-purchase and home-made head-to-head blending and video dramas, and in 2019 the net cash flow from corporate operations went up to $293 million, reaching $361 million in the first three quarters of 2020. With regard to financing cash flows, in 2019, matching funds were raised, resulting in net cash flows of $2,125 million; in 2020,
The company announced its intention to further replenish the cash flow through targeted additional funding of $4.5 billion. By the first three quarters of 2020, the company ' s money was $4,898 million. 3. Industry analysis: online video entering the user inventory phase, head platform opening up.
Price strategy, platform profit rate continues to improve, online video income levels have steadily increased by double digits to $102.3 billion in 2019, and the overall size of users is now moving into the stock market. Online video shows a market size of about $102.3 billion in 2019 and cagr in 2015-2019.
On the top, the user-paying ratio in the online video market in China has increased from 36.0 per cent to 50.6 per cent, from the most significant means of realizing the current online video, while advertising revenue has decreased from 45.2 per cent to 26.5 per cent. At the user level, the overall user base has reached a high level, with an online video mau affected by the epidemic in February 2020.
It reached a peak of 998 million, with net penetration rising to 86.9 per cent and decreasing to 75.1 per cent in December 2020, with an active penetration rate of 870 million.
Figure 20: Size and comparison of monthly active users in the online video industry Figure 21: Monthly active user penetration in the online video industry
There has been a significant increase in the number of users of mangotv and beep miles. According to questmobile data, the mau is divided into mau, with a long-sighted first tranche of mau reaching more than 200 million people, a second tranche of mau between 120 million areas of mangotv, a beep of miles, and a third tranche of mau unbreakable billion platforms, including fox-searching videos, videos for everyone, etc.
The number of active users of Aichi and Tetsu videos in the mid-line team has a significant lead, with Mau remaining at 500 million, while one has a slight loss of excellence. On the second-stage platform, it benefits from Big Star 5 & Under the Clothes (2019q4-2020q1), next stop is happiness (2020q1), sister on the wind
In August 2020, Mau broke 200 million in Mangotv’s number of users. In the number of paid members, the head platform slowed down, and the two-tier platform is still growing.
q4 is 102 million and the ring drops by 3 per cent, a 5 per cent decline in the same year; the number of members paying for the tether video exceeds Aichi culture by 2020q2, reaching 123 million by 2020q4, a 2 per cent increase in the ring, a 16 per cent increase in the same year. At present, the number of members in the second echelon of mango tv and belley is still growing at a high rate, and the number of members in mango tv broke out in 2019.
18 million people, 67 per cent of the year + 67 per cent of the year and 36.13 million by the end of 2020, up by 96.68 per cent of the year; and the number of bellies and bellish members has doubled, with more room for movement in the incremental market. 26: 2018q1 - 2020q4bilibili monthly average user & acceleration figure 27: 2018q1 - 2020q4 mango tv total membership & acceleration
On arpu, the long video platform taps user-paying potential through membership hierarchies, price increases, forward spots, etc. These include: (1) building multi-level membership price systems. In the case of Aichi, the roll-out of star drilling vip raises 111-203% over the previous gold vip, providing members with extra-front, five-end open, multi-member co-benefits, etc.
In November 2020, the Aichi 9 price increased by more than 20%.
For example, Mangotv’s " Sisters " , in association with " Discovery " , the cool " Street Dance 3 " leader’s show, plaus bag, split between membership and non-member prices, and the cool " Mountain River Order " , in an attempt to raise the list and integrate the fans’ economy and content.
Upstream cost ends optimized and home-made capacity increased, and platform profits improved. Over the last decade, the price of theatres grew across the board, and values were gathered up in the industrial chain, owing to the competition for copyrights for white and heat. Over the last decade, the price of head video shows rose, while demand parties, such as downstream video sites, sought to gain exclusive access to big shows at a high price, seized the flow, and guided them.
The prices of online copyrights have soared. After 2018, with the introduction of an actor’s pay-and-pay policy, the cost of content procurement has been substantially reversed, resulting in a better profit for downstream platforms, and net interest rates for Aichi and Happy Sunshine have stabilized since 2018, with a marked increase in 2020.
4. Mangotv: The Mango Model is a unique growth path, users are growing rapidly, and small manglers are contributing to a new spot.
4.1 User growth: The growth of users driven by the expansion of subject matter leads to a transition from a vertical platform to a larger platform Ten thousand, representing an increase of 97% over the same period, an overall rate of 18.83%, a high rate of growth in the size of users, and a rising rate of payments.
The number of female users of Mangotv currently stands at 77.91%, which is significantly higher than the number of other online video platforms, while the age distribution of users under the age of Mangotv reaches 53.08%.
The highest proportion of users of mangotv is currently in the third-line, fourth-line and second-line cities, with 24.38 per cent, 19.31 per cent and 18.17 per cent respectively.
Figure 33: Age distribution of users of mangotv by 2020
The number of live shows is about 1:9, and the platform's main traffic is driven by the show, and the traffic is distributed on the show > Film/Culture > . And, from Mangotv, past homemade and on-board content is centred on the art, and for a wide range of users, the platform focuses on young women of high commercial value, while at upstream cost.
At a higher level, the economic benefits of content are maximized in combination with content distribution and soft and open-source models. With industry downside costs, the company started a more active user growth strategy in 2020, with s-level dramas such as Happiness Next, in the Name of the Family, leading to a rapid growth of user size, which was set up in August 2020 on the company’s television channel.
By adding content to the loop, the platform’s users have greater potential for growth, with young male users and 30+ women becoming new entry points, and according to our calculations, the number of mango tv monthly live users is expected to reach 347 million in the short and medium term.
As the cost of upstream procurement returns, mangos have been able to expand from the narrow circle of their past user circles to reach young male users and 30-year-old + mature women through the expansion of the drama. We measure the potential user size of Mangotv in the short and medium term (for the next 2-3 years), taking into account the penetration of Aichi culture.
The rate, assuming that the penetration rate for women aged 19-35 in mango tv reached the current level of Aichi culture, that the penetration rate for women aged 36-40 reached the level of 1/2 in Aichi culture, and that the penetration rate for men under 30 reached the current level of 1/2 in Aichi culture, was 347 million potential monthly active users in the short to medium term, and that the rate of payment was raised to 25 per cent, the corresponding number of paid members
Team 4.2: In-house blood + external cooperation + talent incentives to create an efficient content production system Mango has a leading content production system in the industry.
The Ministry's strategic studio has a two-pronged development strategy; at the same time, on the basis of the Hunan Watch, the station continued to enter 12 high-quality units up to 2020, and the cost advantages of home-made dramas emerged, creating a “small-scale” case with the effect of multiple B-level cost inputs plus s-grade blasts.
(i) In the case of polyclinics, the production team has been expanded to 20 under the studio system plus the wide-wave talent input, with a total increase in the quantity and quality of self-made polyclinics. Mangotv used to be a project manager, with the introduction of the studio system in September 2015, with the addition of a team of field leaders from the Hunan Entertainment Channel and the formation of the first mangotv self-manufactured team.
In 2016, the Mangotv programme department was upgraded to a programme centre with the creation of a studio, a large home-made team, a regular programming team, a four-tier management system for custom-made projects team, and the gradual construction of five teams, including the Tianhai, Ho Ding and Yuan Bai Ri (from the Hunan perspective), among which he was successfully invited to join in the "Secretation"
In 2017, Mangotv introduced a tree management structure, set up six major departments, such as the Ministry of Self-Producing and the Department of Customization, to invest in home-made art, producing six-stage control programmes, such as " Real Big Adventure " ; and in 2018, Oh Monchi (the author of Flowers and Juniors), Lee Xiaodan (the founder of the Happy Home Camp),
(b) In 2019, it was expanded to include 16 multi-cultural production teams, with a total of 33 self-productions;
In 2019, Mangotv launched the New Mangang project, which was signed with 14 video companies such as the Chinese Film and Television, based on an evaluation of the platform.
The studio has pledged to cooperate on at least two projects per year and to ensure that a project is launched, with priority given to the year, to launch the New Mans project for the director/writer studio, to hire a prominent director, Lukawa, as mentor, and to sign a contract for eight studios, such as Shen Man-man's studio. By the end of 2020, the company had 12 video production teams of its own.
In 2021, Mango tv produced and custom-made theatres are expected to produce 50 copies. Mango tv has built up a high-quality, benign and sustainable film and video set with its own content: one side, working with new and promising video production companies or studios, mango tv can be valued at a higher price.
It's more of a “small and beautiful” episode from a younger team than being creative. Mangotv worked in depth with mature companies, such as Watsi Shadows, Dark Blue Films, to create a new-class, capricious play. The 2020 play was called In the Name of Family. The next stop is Happiness.
A close collaboration between Chinese television and Chinese television, which will follow up on the show "8090, " It's all good times " , and the monsoon plan, which also includes " Gifts" in collaboration with the Dark Blue Film industry, and " Hunting" in conjunction with the Xing media. (3) Relying on Hunan Wide Power, the station continues to enter quality content. In 2014, Hunan Wide Power launched the "Mango Solitaire" campaign.
In the light of the unique transmission of Mangotv from the Hunan Vigilance programme, the Happy Sunshine 2018-2020 signed an agreement with Hunan Radio on the purchase of the right to transmit information on television networks at $451 million, $496.1 million, $545.1 million (10 per cent per year) including Flowers and Young People, Fast Books, Sky Up.
The exclusive television programme of Hunan TV, the weekly play show and its audio information network distribution rights, the agreement was renewed at the end of 2020, the happy sun and the Hunan wide electricity, and the distribution rights of the Hunan television network 2021-2025 were purchased at a price of $545.7 million per year, in line with that of 2020.
The same increase of 10%. The support on the side of the desktop helped the mango achieve the accumulation of early content-side advantages. 4.3 Content: Immediate art is expanding, Improving N exports are stable, Imaging 4.3.1: Industry is leading, Improving N exports are stable, and new subjects are breaking new ground.
The mangotv industry is well-established and largely self-sufficient. In 2020, mangotv made its own 55 arts, with a self-made rate of 89%, for each platform. During the same period, there were 26, 45, 25 arts, and 35%, 45%, and 37%, respectively.
However, Mangotv, with its steady N generation output and new energy such as Sisters, became the only platform with a positive growth in the effective performance of MUN in 2020, with Mongotv being second only to Aichi, closer to the Tseng video, and individual members' meetings.
The network continues to be strong, supported by quality and exclusive content throughout the quarter. 2020q1-2021q1 has seven, four, four, four, and four, respectively, into Top10, with the exception of 2020q1.
It's all solo, and most of the finely-tung's online art is combing. Of these, the Ace of the Ace of Music, the Sky Up, is long on the list, “Choi N” Chinese Restaurant 4, the wife's romantic trip 4, the voice of the 3rd, and the new Ideas of the Full Brother, the New Hand, the Sister's Leaning Process, the Sense of Hearts and Hearts.
Pure web-based productions continue to be active, with a high degree of heat for innovation. On the net, there are five, two, two, two, two, two, and two, respectively, of Mango 2020q1 into Top10.
Realistically, in 2020q1-q2, rankings 2 and 6, respectively, and in 2020q1-q2, the backward-age women's group, " Sisters on the Wind " , rankings 1 and 2, and 4, respectively, in 2020q2-q3 and 2021q1. In terms of innovative philosophies, mangos are good at controlling wind vents for creative re-engineering and dispersing through fission. Mangotv
The focus is on the “circle arts”, which combines the vertical arts with the dynamic and the self-made art drawings. On the “circle arts” ip chain, starting with love, marriage, post-marital family relations, and raising children, as the child grows up, it is possible to produce a series of arts, such as a baby and a teenager, and eventually achieves full coverage of the adrenaline.
Detectives are the product of the Mango Fragmented Creative Act, which is also the product of the "Specific Number One, the College of Eminent Detectives, and so forth. " Sisters of the Wind" is the new art, which begins with the deep cultivation of female content in the Mango system, and is based on the traditional women's group selection model.
The creative and fissured male formations form a new direction of fissure, with their love, their life, and so forth, in addition to their talk show, "Little Sisters Say" , which is based on life, reasoning, and emotional issues.
The main focus of the generation is on life, brain-burning reasoning, and female content, in which the progeny achieves full coverage through creative fission, forming a moat that can hardly be overridden. In terms of continuity, the Congregation of Mangotv is equally alive. As of the end of 2020, the "Secret and Daughters in Love" were shown in the sixth and third respectively.
In 2021, Mango created a 3+x-multicultural belt and developed new products such as workspaces and talk shows. According to a list of 2021, Mangotv will create a 3+x-mix-multicultural belt: a Chinese sister-in-law, an X-new culture, and a woman.
In addition, Mango tv will create two creative arts every quarter, which will be expanded to include job fairs, talk shows, and so on.
"Why " , "Little talk show, " Sister Says, " " Invisible Interlocutors, " " Fashion, " " " Out of the street, " etc., followed by the development of "Super-Governance, Super-New Star Masters " , a live-broadcast variety.
Scene of the fruit team 4.3.2: exclusive + refined + theme-breaking route, piloting of the “Monsoon Theatre” linked to the network, under the exclusive + refined strategy, there has been a significant increase in the number of shows on the show platform.
Seventy-eight were gradually raised to 117 in 2019, and the gap between the best and the best has been gradually narrowing. In 2020, the number of new ones, except for the best, declined. Mangotv was also streamlined to 91, but the level of sophistication has increased considerably, with the result that in 2020, the Mangotv series was effectively aired by 34 per cent on the same basis, thanks to such hot spots as " In the name of the family " and " Happiness Next " .
At the same time, high-quality solo content is the key to the platform’s capture of traffic and new membership, and the number of solo platforms has increased. The Mangotv solo series rose from 30% in 2019 to 38% in 2020, and the number of performers increased by 97% in 2020. In the home-grown ratio, in 2019, Mangotv’s home-made drama accounted for about 22%.
In addition, Mangotv’s home-made drama gradually broke the label of “sweetness” and in 2021 tried to popularize the Start-up Line, Orchids, etc.
In 2020, the Mango tv show began to work, with its head coming up, its own show, and its focus on youth, women's cores, breaking the circle of questions, growth, healing, etc., and closing the gap between the reality of love and beauty. The sweet theme "Time is sweet for you, girlfriend downstairs please sign it, and what about Nahoboss?"
The next stop is Happiness 7th in the ranking of Ye Eun 2020q1, with the fastest-growing membership during the broadcast; on the break-in, the solo growth cure drama, In the name of the family, and the real theme, Protein 2021, doubled its stock and expanded it to six major categories.
The stock has doubled from the three main categories of urban emotions, youth schools, ancient costumes to six, adding real topics, suspense of brain, and hot-blooded martial arts. The real-world drama is a direct response to the times, and "good girls" and "weak girls" and "weak boys" family relations; 8090 focuses on "Obligant old people," and "Starting lines"
Some of the suspense shows are the classic suspense of forensic medicine Qin Ming, and the twin male masters of anti-drug power as "The Reverse Lighter" and "Study of the Two Faces" and so on.
Table 10: Mango tv, part of the series to be broadcast in 2021 The monsoon theatre network unites with a test of water and focuses on social issues. Mangotv joins with Hunan Watch to build the country's first network-connected monsoon theatre, connects television and network audiences, connects marketing, channeling, and expanding.
Volume. Try 2 episodes per week* single 70 minutes* short dramas per 12 episodes and a new week's presentation pattern, choosing dramas that bring out popular resonance, social debate, including the first anti-hunting drama in the country, The Wild Hunting, The Gift to Save Mothers' Love, The Seaflowers to Save Mothers' Loves in Unreal Precedent Cases, With Light Happiness.
An interactive play, a miniature play, is a new race full of potential, with mangos cutting into the interactive play with the Visible ip, and will invest more than 120 million users a year, with cagr about 73.2% of the year, depending on the quality of the play and the need for it.
For professional production teams to develop, Mangotv holds a lot of ip and a lot of excellent professional production teams, early entry interactive play platforms, and produces an interactive microplay " Suspect No. 1 " and " Target Person " around the core of the p.i. video integration enhances the diversity of form and content. Mangotv intends to develop each other.
Mobile video editing production platforms are used to produce interactive video frequencies, including multi-brand dramas, multi-views, interactive images, etc. Moreover, with mini-plays such as Dreams: Crystal, and so forth, professional teams are starting to come in, and Mangotv also said that 100-300 million dollars would be invested in the production of mini-fictions at the ceis mini-fiction summit.
Figure 50: Interactive play " Star's number one suspect " , 4.4. Advertisement revenue: high ability, network connection, negative growth in advertising, by way of presentation, can be divided into two categories: hard and soft, and currently mangotv advertising.
In particular: (1) hard and wide is mainly based on the cpm method of calculating income, which is firmly tied to platform traffic; (2) soft and wide generates income through advertising products such as name and implant in copyright content for customers, which are limited to home-made art and home-made (and custom-made) video dramas, etc.
The size of the campaign is linked to the number of recruits, the level of broadcast, and the influence. The company produced a single series of stage-a plays in January-August 2020, with a soft and wide revenue of approximately $471,000, and a flexible and wide income of approximately $852.83 million.
In addition to entering quality copyrights into each other, the network has created synergies through joint recruitment, increasing the attraction of two platforms to advertisers, and fully introducing quality advertising resources. In terms of income distribution, the co-op is based on a large share of soft and wide revenue.
The Department's contract amounts with advertising clients determine the total amount of soft and wide amounts to be allocated per programme, r, and, based on the average number of hits per programme that are happy, v, and the average number of times covered by Hunan Watch,a, the proportion of happy sunshine v/(v+a), the pre-tax income from happy sunshined = r*v/(v+a), advertising from a joint offerer
In 2019, the Mangotv advertising business increased by 39 to 33.5 billion yuan in the same year, and during the same period, the Aki culture advertising business.
The same rate - 11%, the same rate for advertising in the news media - 15%; 2020h1, the same rate slowed down to 6% due to a reduction in the number of advertisers as a result of the epidemic; the same rate slowed down to 6%; during the same period, both the Aichi advertising business and the advertising in the news media increased negatively.
Young women, whose value exceeds that of Aichi in 2018 and about 1.6 times that of Aichi in 2019. Since questmobile, Aichimmau comes from company announcements.
On the other hand, there was an increase of 50.93 per cent, and in 2020h1, there was an increase of nearly 50 per cent in the number of advertising orders for the company ' s mixed-art projects, of which the " Sisters on the Wind " offers updated numerous records, reaching 21 sponsors, exceeding the number of other platforms during the same period; the total number of bookings for the film and television shows increased by 300 per cent on the same basis, and the next stop is Happiness's new commercials.
In addition, the number of comprehensive N-advertisements has grown steadily, such as Wives’ Romantic Travel, Secret Room Breaking, and so forth. For many years, Lake South has been working well with brand clients, with a strong pool of recruitment skills and customer resources that have created the ability of mangos to make advertising material.
4.5 Manpower Brokers: Deep integration of video + content + electricians, new entrances to traffic, growth of new viewers, marketed by content marketing, location of a unique pgc content dealer platform to expand the realization value of mango content + traffic and to create a closed ring for "person content + goods".
The business platform, which is an important strategy for the time being, is the All Mango Ecology and Lake South Broadband, with its own production team providing support for pgc content, building a closed chain of “persons, content, goods,” which is expected to continue to improve the supply chain system for coordinated goods and content in the future. The mini-mangang power provider is expected to report on 15 December 2020, and is officially on line on 1 January 2021.
Taking advantage of the young and predominantly female population of mangos, the high-consumption flow advantage, products such as cable games, make-up, tailor-made content for goods, match-takers, “grave-planting” in the form of high-quality content, such as pgc content support from self-produced production teams, connecting stars +kol sharing, etc.
As a result, more than 500 artists and 1,000 people have been brought to the market, thanks to the power-broadcasting talent of Hunan artists.
Sharing everyday and professional content of life. Working with artists includes: (i) bringing in their own brand + content, receiving a fee for services at the counter; (ii) bringing in their own brands or supply chains and creating their inner features by the Mango professional content production team; and (iii) co-inventing a joint artist brand or electronicized content. Cooperation with kol includes: (i) helping kol enter.
Line upgrades: (2) introduction of kol on a fan scale into pgc programmes; (3) supply links to kol: As of January 2021, Manapp has collaborated with more than 20 programmes and television dramas to create the official ips and has introduced and produced 40,000 short video content.
In addition, Mangotv's own content-making team awards help in content creation, assist brands with deep implantation in a variety of art, television dramas, and even tailor-made pgc programmes.
Figure 56: Manapp found that the pages were “grain-planting” - artist + kol+ content: Xiao Manapp’s upfront goods covered with tidal clothing, makeup, leisure food, household living, tidal tungs, pets, etc., with over 10,000 skus.
Electrician, brand for a generation; (2) on-site platform: branding in Xiaomao with a self-employed/brand-only kol account, which supports content development and flow; (3) exclusive cooperation: placing goods in mangotv blending, video dramas, customizing artist & pgc quality content for brands.
Extension of the silk economy. Figure 57: “Drawing the grass” on the Small Manapp Business Town page. The current Manapp dynamism is highly correlated with content supply, and there is a need to improve the supply chain for coordinated goods and content in the future.
At the beginning of the day, Manapp introduced the annual event “100 million inter-annual gifts”, “2021”, “Small Mandarin, the smell of youth” and the shopping mall, with carefully crafted chapters such as makeup, food, clothing, etc., to boost the sale of goods from downloads.
See, the peak of Xiao Man downloads follows the important node of Sister 2, which shows that some content consumers are converted into Xiaoming users after digesting the content, and that the launch of a big platform, such as tidal games, the purchase of a dress-blind box, stimulates short-term downloads.
It is clear that the steady development of MCM will depend on the construction and synergy of supply chains at the commodity end (selections, logistics, control, etc.) and the inner end (production, operation, etc.).
Mango excess media is the only new media operating platform under the Hunan Wire, and Hunan Watch forms a “one-wing, two-nuclear-driven” pattern, with state-owned media producing license plates, resources, policy leverage and market-based operations.
In the short and medium term, we measure the potential monthly users of Mangotv at a rate of 86.69 million.
On the other hand: Mango has the leading content production system in the industry, the polytechnic industry is leading, with a home-made rate of 89 per cent, and it is now fully self-contained, and the team has been able to implement the studio system, strengthen creative incubation and programme development, and create a virtuous incentive and competitive mechanism; on the other hand, Mangotv has a two-pronged development strategy for self-built studios and external strategic studios.
The year 2020 was marked by a surge in headlines, exclusive dramas, and a breakthrough on topics ranging from sweetness to suspense, growth, healing, and so on. In terms of advertising, mangotv advertising is made mainly through soft-broadness, and effectively combines the Department’s strong mastery of the arts.
In the future, new industries, such as the Mango Project, the Mangang Electric Company, are expected to make a sustained contribution. (1) Member income: Mangotv’s effective membership stood at 3,613,000 by the end of 2020, an increase of 96.68%.
Under the continuing supply of quality content and subject matter, it is expected that the platform ' s users will continue to grow at a high and rising rate of payment, (2) advertising revenue: the number of soft and wide income-beneficiaries has risen, the number of hard and long-term platform users has increased, (4) interactive and entertaining content production in new media: content production plates, entertainers as the impact of the epidemic is phased out
The business is expected to resume gradually, and the company is expected to increase its production of interactive entertainment content in 2020-2022 by a segment valuation method for mango excess media. (1) Internet video business: reference belli belli, netflix average ps, given the growth of mangotv, is given a value of 9 times ps in 2021, corresponding to a market value of 95,891 million.
Dollars: (2) Operators: 7.14 times the value of the new media shares, given to the company, taking into account the synergies with the company ' s interior, with a 1.5-fold coefficient, corresponding to a market value of $23.75 billion; (3) New media entertainment content production, in sum, we believe that Mangotv is currently expanding from a vertical content platform to an integrated content platform and that membership income will be maintained
In addition, we see the potential development of young manglers with high-quality sources of mango resources, and the potential for further expansion of corporate content-flow realization values. Mango excess 2020 - headlines are expected to show less than expected, and MgW operations are less developed than expected, and policy risks are expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.