The monsoon theatre is about to open, the bottom line is killing the pip, the mango supermix (300413) tracks, the first home-grown theater is in the sand, the flow is high, and the future is going to expand.
In the month, Mangom-City, the country's first screenplay shop, was set up with 300 + difficult scripts, with only about 40 screenplays compared to the opening of other doors; the price, based on a unique ip+ brand premium, was much higher than the price of other screenplays in Changsha, and with the first-line city.
(b) Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): on the slogan, the public rating was 4.95 points (as of May 2021) and was in the position of “Long Sha script”
According to our calculations, the Changsha shop city will have more shops in Shanghai, Chengdu, Wuhan, etc. The monsoon theatre will open on May 24th, and the network will be linked to a short test of water in depth.
The first episode of the monsoon theatre, The Wolves, was scheduled to be broadcast simultaneously on May 24th, 2021, on the watch of Hunan, Mango tv. In the airing mode and the show space, the monsoon theatre used the network to broadcast simultaneously * 2 episodes per week * 70 minutes of a single episode * a new model of 12 episodes per episode, with a variety of topics, film-grade production, enrichment
In addition, Mangotv will apply 4d visual effects to the theatre, which will be supplemented by animations such as vibrations, screen flashes, etc. to further optimize visual and visual experiences.
"Study of Mango Supermixes by the State Dollar Securities Corporation" (300413) 2020 and "Monsoon shorts" have a variety of topics, and there's a good stock of content, which is expected to lead to the collapse of Mango in 2021.
The monsoon theatre has a number of fine short plays, covering the urban field, family issues, emotional doubts, etc.
In addition, there are reserves of 80-90-year-old urban exotics who are really focused.
A special feature, the Mango Model, a new stage, a series of dramas, such as 2021.04.21 accompanies men and 30+ female users, which are expected to help Mangotv use in the Media Strategy Report 2021 of the National Dollar Securities Industry Study: Leisure.
Mangotv, a monsoon theatre that connects the network with fine shorts, is expected to gain a more diverse audience, and is able to tap into both vertical power and bottom-line viewing entertainment channels through the mini-magnets and m-city, in order to dig up the value of the ip and content. Mango excess revenue is expected to be 2021-2023.
The monsoon theatre has not performed as expected, the mini-man power business has not developed as expected, and the policy risks
1.1 Industry: Ten billion blue seas growing at a high rate, moving towards regularization and scalding, the script killing is a logical logic game centred on scripts. The script killing is centred on scripts, with dm (the host of the game) leading each player to randomly select characters, and a player usually plays the script without the knowledge of others.
The killer, the player, after multiple rounds of identification, discussion, the final vote to select the killer, and to deduce his motives and modus operandi, was eventually released and questioned by dm. The script originated in England.
Human role-playing game "Misteryofmurder" (mistoryofmurder); English script killing "Deathwearswhite" in 2013, marking the initial rise of the script in the country; Vigilance, 2016, driving the script into mainstream public view; screenplay killing app "I am a mystery" on the 2018 line.
In 2019, there was a five-fold increase in the number of front-line theatres, up to 12,000: under the 2020 epidemic, the number of front-line shops has increased to 30,000: in 2021, Mango super-movement in front-of-the-line theatres are expected to bring in high-quality script reserves.
In the first half of 2021, according to IM, the killing was ranked second in China’s consumer-friendly sub-temporal entertainment methods to the movie and sports, and the choice was made.
Users accounted for 36.1 per cent of the total, depending on the consumer ' s age structure, with 90 and 80 years being the highest, respectively. Figure 3: 2021h1 China ' s consumer preference for subtidal entertainment methods. Figure 4: 2021q1 China ' s script kills players by age distribution
The demand for script killing was strong, with the market breaking by 10 billion in 2019 and is expected to break by 20 billion in 22 years. According to AIDS, the Chinese market for script killing broke by 10 billion yuan in 2019, a year-on-year increase of 68.0 per cent, the impact of the 2020 epidemic fell back to 7.0 per cent, the market was 17.74 billion yuan, and is expected to expand rapidly and service well upstream.
With a combination of factors such as the build-up and the high demand downstream, the market size of the Chinese script killing industry will continue to grow. It is expected to break 20 billion yuan in 2022, at 40% plus the same rate. The script killing consists of upstream content production, midstream content distribution, downstream end-user experience: (1) it is upstream by script killing.
Author, author, ip author. Overall high-quality scripts are in short supply; (2) midstreams are made up of online scripts/distributors/distributors.
(b) The opening of the show, where shopkeepers test script quality, selection and purchase through a test game, and the holding of 18 theatre-killing fairs nationwide in 2020, according to 36 kryptons, with 16 exhibitions scheduled before October 2021 and, in a steady increase, about 100-200 new copies per session and about 2-3,000 new copies for the whole year 2020;
(iii) Downstream is made up of online scripts killing apps and underline real shops. The bottom door is low, the competition is more fragmented, and there are no head locks. The online script killing apps is represented by "I am a mystery" and is gradually opening up the upstream scripts, which are of poor quality, and the entry of professional creative individuals/institutions will lead to changes in the industry.
The content is more dependent, divided into top and bottom lines, which can be broken down by their exclusiveness into boxes, city limits, and city exclusives, with boxes which, because of their unlimited sales, are less expensive in single parts/boxes. Currently, screenwriters are usually composed of webwriters, senior players, shopkeepers, screenwriters, etc.
According to the Egyptian study, 2021q1, the top three problems in the script killing industry are of varying quality, high homogenization, and a single method of script killing. The emergence of the script writing courses and the presence of a professional team (unique workshops, etc.) and the entry of famous writers is expected.
Humans and scripts create content that helps spread the price of power and users break the circle. More and more famous games, dramas, novels and ips are beginning to work with scripts, and the King is proud to have published notes and Ming in January 2021.
In March of the same year, a screenplay by the author of the Quest, the Cat, worked together to create the first version of the King's glorious game role and new version of its content, killing The No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No.
For the authorized party, it is possible to dig deeper into the realization of the value of the pip, and for the collaborative script to kill the company, it is possible to attract the flow and raise the income through popular pip. Downstream is divided into three types of video games: the main cable connection, the bottom line round table, and the bottom line view.
The complex set-up of this murder scene, the general availability of kimonos, may add interesting links such as breaking customs, and the script is usually uniquely created, so it is priced at a higher price than $250; (2) the round table below the line provides space, scripts, dm, props, usually in boxes, at a price of roughly $50-250; and (3) the line is instantaneously killed by script.
Matching players play games without dm hosting, scripts are distributed free and fee-paying, with lower prices. According to the E.M., half of the Internet users who cross the line, at a rate of 54.4 per cent, experience the bottom-of-line round table and the bottom-of-line view, at a rate of 39.8 per cent and 32.0 per cent, respectively, and the price acceptance is from high to low on the bottom-of-line round-of-the-table line.
We measure the single-store models of the underline round tables and the view shop, and on the end of the income, the average single-store income is expected to be $1.56 million and $740,000, respectively. For the underline round-table shop, we assume that there are four rooms in 150 square metres of the shop, and it is expected that there will be 14 and 2 single-day reception rooms for holidays and working days, respectively.
With a consumption of $70 per person, the annual income is estimated at 740,000. For the sub-line viewing shop, we assume that two rooms of 200 square metres can be set up, with five and one reception per holiday and one single day of work, respectively, and a conservative estimate of 270 dollars per person per person per day, with an estimated annual income of 1.56 million.
Cost side, consisting mainly of employee payroll, script procurement, depreciation amortization, sales costs, etc.: (1) script acquisition cost: estimated 5 monthly updates at an average cost of $800 per round-table shop, with a lower rate of up-to-date view shop, but with a more expensive stand-alone copy, expected to cost $10,000 per month; (2) employee salaries: projected
The monthly salary of the staff is $5,000 per person, the number of staff employed at the round-table shop is three, the view shop considers npc, etc., and the number of staff is five; (3) sales costs: estimated sales costs are 10 per cent; (4) other costs include renovations, depreciation amortization of consumables and travel, training, etc. The round table is expected due to greater investment in the base of the view shop
The other costs of the shop and the view shop are 20% and 21% of the revenue, respectively. For profit, the next round-table shop, the view shop can earn $210,000 a year, corresponding to a profit rate of 28% and 33%, respectively.
Mango's first home-run drama shop, m-city, was opened with a large stock of scripts and brand premiums. Mango combined with its own popular pop and unique content advantage-based viewing and entertainment industry, April 2021, Mongo m-city, the country's first screen-show, was the head of Mangotv's own viewing and entertainment brand.
On the price, using a unique ip+ brand premium, a round-table script kills $128-148 per person, and a live-exploration script costs $328-368 per person, far higher than the other scripts in Changsha.
The flow and slogans are high, and the future goes further to cities like Shanghai and Chengdu. The Mango m-city sand shop attracts 900+ players for a period of five months, and the scene is often full.
In the future, Mangom-city will have more shops in Shanghai, Chengdu, Wuhan, etc.
Figure 10: Picture of the scene of the murder at the Mangom-City Sand Shop
According to our estimates, Mangom-City is expected to earn more than 8 million dollars a year, with an annual profit of 2.45 million. According to the popular comment, Mangom-City offers two projects (nznd, College Odds) and five projects (classic *2, script*2, immersion*1) for the killing of the screenplay, disinfection of which is the only one per day.
We expect an average of eight, seven, eight, eight, seven, seven, one-time participation in the nzdz, the College Talk, the classics, the scripts, the immersion books. We have an overall full rate of 72% for the next week of the 2021/5/19 Mangom-city.
Low, about 36 per cent, but more than 80 per cent of all other topics, so we have a neutral assumption that 70 per cent will be full, that the Changsha store will have an annual income of $8.02 million, and that, combined with the previous single shop model profit rate, the single shop will have an annual profit of 2.
The monsoon theatre will open on May 24, with a deep network linking up with a test of water quality. The monsoon theatre was built by Mangotv in conjunction with Hunan Watch, with a special set of 22:00 “Monsoon hour” from Hunan Watch. The network was led by Mangotv and applied a new 4d visual feature to the theatre, allowing for the addition of vibrations and screens to special circumstances.
Animated effects, such as flashes, further optimize visual and visual experiences. In the airing pattern and the show length, the monsoon theatres pick up two episodes per week* of a single 70-minute series* and a completely new model for each 12 episodes, refreshing the audience's experience with multiple subject matter, film-grade production, condensed drama shorts, and achieving each other's experience by reaching out to television and online audiences.
On May 24th this year, the Watch of the Hunan, Mangotv, the top soldier, The Wolves, was well-placed and well-placed, promising to help with the collapse of Mango. The Mango monsoon theatre has set aside a number of fine short plays, covering diverse realism issues such as urban work, family issues, emotional overtones, etc.
Part of the show, with a more male and 30+ female audience, is expected to help Mango tv users break the circle. The upcoming anti-hunting drama, Wolves, as the first show in the monsoon theatre, is interesting: it focuses on the new wonders of nature's ecological conservation; it has a strong lead role, led by Qin and Yoon Xin, and directed by the director of Long Ant's 12 Hours.
In addition, the series in the stock includes a focus on the 80th and 90th days of the city, the real life of a stranger, "I'm good in other countries", "The bracelet of a mother-in-law" on the relationship between a young man's family and marriage in the new age, "The Sleeping Garden", which tells the story of love between an emotional blogger and a psychologist, and a focus on the transformation of an ordinary woman.
This year, the long "Engine at dawn" and so on, has been launched. The follow-up is well supplied. Mangotv's art built up a protected river, the production capacity of the show has been kept up, and the monsoon theatre, which is linked by the network + fine works, is expected to have more diverse users, and has been cut vertically through the mini-manufacturer and m-city.
Both the electric and the sub-line viewing and entertainment track, where the pips and content values are distilled. We appreciate the continuing increase in the flow and value of Mangotv platforms and the potential development of Mango dealers and scripts. The authors are expected to have 2021-2023 super-mediamen with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent and professional attitude and independence and objectivity.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.