High-growth performance, a cracking mango-mango hypermomental review, April 26, 2021.
At the same time, the company published a quarterly report for 2021, q1 collected $4,009 million, i.e. +47.00 per cent; the mother ' s net profit was $773 million, i.e. +61.18 per cent; the mother ' s non-net profit, i.e. $771 million, was added to the overall market: the first half of 2020, due to the impact of the first half of the epidemic on the progress of the art portfolio and the up-to-date process.
The same-year increase of only 6%, and the increase in the quantity and quality of comprehensive arts in the second half of the year, which led to 42% of advertising revenue in the second half of the year. Operators earn 1.67 billion a year + 31%, which is expected to be driven mainly by out-of-town business expansion.
In the first quarter of 2021, 4 billion dollars a year + 47% were collected, with a split: members are expected to grow by about 1.2 billion dollars a year – 46 x, 38 x, 29 x, respectively, in the next three years. Using the divisional valuation method, the high growth of the Mangotv platform throughout the year and the high rate of growth in membership advertising, maintaining the “recommended” rating.
Table: Mango SuperMechanism 2017-2020 split \triangleright; net return to mother throughout the year
Mango business structure splits - Mango super-media operations can be split into four parts of new media platform operations, interactive content production in new media, retail media and other operations, with a total of 1,406 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period.
Income from the production of content containing copyright distribution and four subsidiaries (Mango Recreation + Mango Recreation + Mango Recreation + Mango Film) totals $942 million, i.e. 47 per cent of the total; media retailing refers to the happy purchase of television shopping channels, with revenue of 2,205 million, an increase of 5 per cent from the same year.
Mango will be active in television dramas in 2021, creating monsoon theatres, with at least two single shows on a quarterly basis at the level of S. The main income of the arts is based on advertising, which is expected to be around 30%.
The number of polyclinics introduced through the Hunan Watch has been increasing and decreasing, reducing the average number of polyclinics to 2.9 in 2020; and increasing recognition of home-made polycrystry, with a total of 121 in 2020, with an average of every polycrystal: Mangotv polycrystry (one)
Compared to the three top performers from 2016 to 2020, representing Mango-made art in the blue bottom, the number of Mongo-made art vendors is increasing.
Content structure: 2021 Integrated Arts Program: A well-known series of art continues, ensuring user stickyness and maintaining good interaction with fans. \triangleright
Introduction of a new mix of art, a new ip concept that enriches home-made content and enhances user attractiveness.
My brother's life is burning up: "Sister" against the label, creating a group of greasy male artists, Chinese producer: Discovering the most authentic cinematographs to produce ecology.
Table: Mango Phenomenon 2021. Structure of content: TV drama programme.  Mangotv 2021, which focuses on strengthening the field of television dramas, is active in three dimensions: a network drama, a mango monsoon theatre, and a head web drama.
The central network plays are connected to the guard and attract large user coverage; the monsoon theatre is a fully-run Mangotv theatre in Hunan, replacing the former youth scene; and the head web plays continue to maintain their youth-friendly style and the number of low-age users.
The show was the first high-quality theatre in the country to create a network of radio networks. The show was dominated by doubts, reasoning, and more use.
Household groups; dramas of super short type to avoid long-time water and flow dependence; content production features film quality, single 60-70 minutes, high-intensity boost scenes.
The main component of Mango super-movement revenue - Māori increased by 40.69 per cent, or 1.12 per cent, over the same period last year. However, lower revenue from endogenous production and higher costs of retailing of the media resulted in lower Māori rates compared to 2019, lower cost rates and higher profitability. Sales in 2020 were 15.45 per cent, compared to 1.68 per cent last year; and R&D costs were 1.68 per cent lower than last year.
Figure: Mongo Super-Mechanism Māori variation 38x, 29x. Valued using the divisional valuation method to take into account the high growth of Mangotv platforms and the high speed of membership advertising throughout the year.
The author of the cultural media and non-ferrous metals has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks objectivity and objectivity.