Mango supermedia (300413) The script kills another part of your life, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Recommended logic: In 2019, Chinese scripts killed more than 10 billion yuan in the market, and are expected to increase to 17.20 billion yuan in 2021. 1) Unique playing attributes. After werewolf killings, script killings gradually replaced other tables and ktv, among others, by their unique social, play and fun nature.
The Chinese market is in the early stages of the development of the industrial chain, and the market is fragmented and does not form a large market; 3) the mango layout has a significant advantage. Mango super-magnetism continues to increase the size of the play, taking advantage of the upper edge of the industry chain.
Focusing on the “community” platform, the layout of the script kills down the industry chain, creating the “taptap” of the script. The script kills, based on three main advantages, to satisfy the need for diversity in the board. The script combines social interaction games, puzzle games, and role-playing games, through online apps, underline real stores, and underline.
The way the view shop works, it provides a social platform for the socialization of strangers, friends' gatherings, and the construction of companies.
The number of low-line shops has erupted on the 2019th line, and the 2020 outbreak has continued to grow. The art, the under-the-line shop, and the online app, all of which together contribute to the production of scripts in the country, are becoming the mainstream entertainment, and the industry as a whole is huge.
The size of the market affected by the epidemic has continued to grow back year by year, but has fallen to 7%, and is expected to increase to 17.20 billion yuan by 2021, and 23.890 billion yuan by 2022. According to data from the American Academy, downline theatres in China as of December 2019
At the end of the year, there were 30,000 theatre-killing shops in the country. 1. Mango supermedia (300413): high-quality content-driven growth, q1 overperformance (2021-04-27).
2. Mango supermixes (300,413): content advantage industries, like space and other business failures of the company, maintain an investment rating of Mango supermacro buys.
Performance, Multi-Operational Development 1 Script Kill Overview: Social Play 1.1 Script Description: Using the script to achieve something through cooperation or confrontation
The script is a social play based on reasoning. Each player gets his own script and the player needs to bring it in, searching for evidence and communicating with one another to find the final truth or restore the story.
In a play-killing, the players will play a carefully designed role, perform a complete act through the interaction of the actors, and seek the truth, such as online script killing apps and desktop script killing. In a big play-killing, the players are like watching a play at close range as clues evolve into play-playing, such as scenes and immersed scripts.
The story is complicated by the fact that each player’s purpose is different, leading to a pattern of cooperation and confrontation. The script killing originated from the British role played in the social game The Enigma of Murder, where players, in the context of the story set, deciphered by playing roles, looking for clues, discussing reasoning, etc., and finding the real killers.
The diversity of content and immersion has gradually replaced the tri-state killing and werewolves killing, which, under the inspiration of the Big Star Detective, The Shark, is becoming a social and recreational “new pet” for young people. According to AIDS counseling data, the Chinese script killing market in 2019 was already more than 10 billion yuan.
Currently, the goal of the script killing game is to achieve the script within the specified time frame (generally to find the killer or to find the truth). The usual time frame is four to eight hours, or even three days if the scene is real. The location is divided into subline real stores or online apps, and subline real stores are divided into desktop and scenery.
Npc1-10s. Of these, dm is the game host, responsible for playing lead, chaining, and storymaking. Figure 1: Classification of theatre killing sites. Current script killing products are not clearly classified and can be used for drawings, script types, scenes, sale of scripts, etc.
By way of sale, the script on the market is divided into three main categories: one called a box play, which can be purchased by each store at a price of less than $1,000; and one called a city-bound script.
There are only three to four shops in every city that can be bought, usually at a price of $1,000 to $2,000: there's another one called an exclusive play, and only one in a city can be bought, usually at a price of $3,000 to $5,000.
Each player will use these elements to dig deep into the case and discover the information until the player feels that he has enough information and is able to accomplish the purpose of the script (to deduce who the killer is or to hide the identity of his own killer or to find the truth). But after a script killing is completed, because the final retrace of the story makes it basically non-repeatable.
1.2 The script kills fun: the script kills with sociality, play, fun, and the social interaction attributes of the table. The social interaction of the script kills reflects sociality. The script kills are closer to the final shape of the social play than the werewolf kills. It is flexible, and it can't be done by other stereotypes, such as the werewolves.
Interactive and sit-in conversations can stimulate the player's nerves even more. And script killings can help to slow down stress and overcome social fears by playing a role, and script killings can bring about social ice break-ups in a short time, especially script killings. Car models can create opportunities to play with strangers and a platform for socialization of strangers. The script killings can be a mechanism for interaction.
The play, not just between players, but also between players and authors. The script kills people with social, interactive, situational and other factors that satisfy the social needs of the players.
The thrill of jumping is that every player can give a moment to explore or kill, dig clues, hide identities, solve puzzles, and play a game with a great sense of accomplishment. And the ipification of the content is to connect the puzzle game with the other game content, to attract different fans. And the script killing is also a content-based game, the script killing is so inclusive, the content is so diverse, and so is the content.
The role-playing attributes of the play-killing play reflect their fun. The play-playing game is a role-playing reasoning game, where players understand the emotions and stories of the game-playing roles, and share their reasoning with other players to obtain evidence and find the truth. It's different.
In the process of playing, because of the costumes, props, scripts, lines, etc., players get introverts, get immersions, and experience different lives. A script killing with a great script is not only a simple theory game, but also a wonderful emotional experience for people. Jumping out of familiar everyday life, immersing in another world, feeling the emotions of others, is Xu.
Many people are obsessed with the reason for the scripts. For example, the North Spring, based on the Chernobyl script, has a lot of playplayers to choose, and every choice is about everyone's fate. The game lasts, the screen shows the Chernobyl video, and when the player plays a few hours of personal experience, then goes to watch the accident, except for one.
And the unique charm of the play is that it is a product of cultural entertainment that includes aesthetic values. Players get a new life experience by interacting with others by playing roles, which is different from the repetitive tactical experience, which is unreproducible and of independent value.
2 Chinese scripts kill industrial development: the arts, the under-the-line shop, the under-the-line app3 factor contributing to the development of the industry at 2.1-IV.
Mangotv's Big Star makes the script work across the country. The script runs through the English translation of Dead in White in China in 2013.
Strange game patterns get the scripts out of the country quickly. The old table shop quickly transforms or part-times into a script-killing shop, the scene-killing shop starts on a massive scale across the country, while the old table-players quickly turn into scripts to kill players because of the newest play, and a new group of players are initially trying to kill the script because of the amphibious star effect and turn it into a big fan.
There are also more and more creators trying to create scripts to kill scripts. The local theatres have contributed greatly to the spread of scripts in the country, and the authors’ scripts have gradually developed classics, which in turn have led to better returns and repurchase rates across the shop.
In 2018, the online screenplay hit the headlines, and projects like “I am a mystery” and “I am a big detective” were financed successively, and there was no shortage of such star agencies as Kim Sha River, China, and China. The entry of capital added to the industry’s visibility.
In the second half of the year, the stressful underline entertainment needed to be promoted by a large number of mangotv-led movie-killing and drama-killing fans and table-players.
In 2019, according to the Egyptian media, Chinese scripts killed more than 10 billion yuan, a 68 per cent increase.
In 2020, the size of the market affected by the epidemic remained regressive, but the increase fell to 7 per cent, and is expected to rise to 17.20 billion yuan by 2021, and 23.890 billion yuan by 2022. According to the data from the survey, 674 countries, 650 in Jiangsu, and 526 in Hubei, respectively, are ranked third.
By December 2019, the number of downline theatres nationwide had risen from 2400 in January to 12,000, and 10,000 were opened in one year. By the end of 2020, there were 30,000 theatres in the country. By 2020 alone, the number of new scripts in 2020 had risen by 63 per cent.
It's under the line, and the script on the line is just as hot. During the spring of 2020, the script on the line killed the user of "I am the Enigma" 3 Chinese scripts killed the industry chain. 3.1 The industry chain was described: in the early days of the market, the business model was difficult to scale.
From the early days of inflammation to becoming a pop-up art subject, from the unknown to the sudden capital concerns, the script killing, as an emerging form of under-line entertainment, has been promoted by many young consumers, and has become a choice for the entertainment and socialization of today’s younger generation of consumers. As the industry has grown, so has the ecology of the industry.
Improvements. Initial script creators - script distributors/platforms - online game app/underline real-estate shops - consumer-oriented industrial chains extending to include script-killer (dm) training, script-killer training, bottom-scenes setting and script printing.
The authors create scripts, the distributors buy scripts or share them, print, package them, equip them and sell them to real owners, who charge customers for tickets. The distribution platform is more like the role of an industrial power provider, attracting the creators and their work platforms to be stationed and selling scripts to offline real stores.
Downstream players settle in private areas, and business models are difficult to scale. There is currently no benign anti-breeding between ups and downs, and the market lacks institutional guidelines and is difficult to scale in a state of disorder and recklessness at key points, such as scripts, games, or author sharing, pricing, etc.
At present, there are no better traffic entrances on the player side, and the existing script-testing tabs, public numbers, tremors, etc., are poor, and the store is usually managed and operated by micro-concentrating players who have already settled into the shop's private area flow assets. The script's slogans are often based on oral transmissions, user feedback, and barriers between the player and the shop.
It's not broken, it's not bad for a single store to break the circle and spread the ip. 3.2 Upstream supplies the creators of the scripts: the creators of the scripts, the pirated scripts, the authors of the scripts called the scripts, the scripts of the scripts, the scripts, the scripts, the scripts of the scripts, the scripts, the scripts of the scripts, and the so-called “procedures” of the scripts.
In the creation of a script killing content, the producer is more of a writer, mainly responsible for “sculpture”, and the author is responsible for filling up “blood and flesh.” There is also the case that the producer and author are the same person. Most of the script killing the creators is still part-time, and a small number of headlines survive. In 2013-2016, the script killing authors came from the play.
This killer, who may have started trying to create himself earlier, in early circles, with less output, and with translators from foreign scripts. After 2016, the Big Star led the play to get out fast, more and more deep scripts killed players, webwriters, online script writers, and screenwriters started to write themselves. By the end of 2020, because
Copyright protection and net network have led to an increase in the number of screenplayers, whose number is currently between 4,000 and 5,000, based on the distribution of “black-seek” data from the platform. The total number of screenplays on the screen in 2020 was more than 3,000, and the annual volume of scripts was close to 100 million, i.e., the average sales of individual scripts on the screen amounted to around 30,000.
The authors of the script are now mainly individual authors, as well as team authors. Individual authors are led by first-entry authors, as well as by star authors; first-entry authors are weak, unrepresentative and hard to come by; and authors who have developed successful works in the industry are already very creative in themselves, with established channels of distribution and marketing, with annual revenues of millions.
Authors tend to use co-authorship models. Some are more interested in their own or small team collaborations, such as their own expertise in national elements with the horrors of others, and hard nuclear elements make up national productions. Most of the teams are now out of the film industry, with a large pool of authors, and their creations are more inclined to the logic of film and script creation.
It takes a lot of time and effort to create the content entirely by individual authors, most of whom can only produce two or three pieces a year. If you want to improve productive capacity, you need to create a team model to improve efficiency.
Prepares proposals, releases, marketers, on the basis of communication with shopkeepers, feedback on topics that are missing in the market, the needs of players and good change, etc., and combines the questions with these feedbacks, and the authors create them. In the case of specific creations, they are not authors, and they do it alone. Many teams have two or three authors working together: some are responsible for the game, some are responsible for the game.
The planner is responsible for the frame of the game, the author and the writer are responsible for filling the content, and the original accumulated video-editor, the planner, as the producer, is formed by a broad, division-based team. The modes of collaboration with the author are varied.
The distribution model of cooperation with the author is divided into four types: buy-out, share-in, share-out. The purchase price varies from $50 million to $200,000; the split is between the author and the issuing company, with the agreed share. The split is mainly four or six points (author 4, issue 6, thirty-seven points (author 3, issue 7), with some head authors.
The share is based on the cost of the scripts plus the sale of the drawings, the production of the scripts based on an empty new language, the cost of the basic manuscripts on the line is now in excess of $500 to $5,000, and the sale of the drawings is 10 to 20% based on the sale of the issuers. Now, the most famous studios are three thousand worlds, the end of the day, the allin studios, the empty new language, and so on.
ip-holders, speed up their entry into the script killing industry. For content creation, the vast majority of authors are still original stories and ip. There are also famous ips, such as "The King's Glory" and "The China Street Explorer" that begin to authorize ip to be created in some of the scripts killing studios. For these superips, combining their own ip with the current underline entertainment form is also one.
For some owners of ordinary ip, if demand continues to expand in the future, ip-authorized script killings will also become a new form of ip-realization. Some unpublished games, video demo, will also be recast into script-killing forms to export new content. As a result, the trend towards ipification in the script killing industry has accelerated in recent years.
In the long run, Big P’s script creation is expected to give further impetus to the play-killing cycle. At the same time, the unique indoctrination of scripts and reasoning plays can also help p’s content operations and increase user’s acceptance of it. Big ip is a significant proportion of the new script that has been launched since early 2021.
Among the heavy-pound products that were launched at the underline exhibition were the web-based ip " Ghostblowing Light " , " Master of Secrets " , " Sisters of the Wind " , " Video ip " , " Game ip " , " Glory to the King " , etc., which covered a wide range of ips. Most of the scripts for which the ip was granted were in limited-scale form and were followed by the down-the-line theatres.
Figure 7: King's Glory's first play-killing game, whose creators are not easy to create, as shown by the following: 1) The market is demanding. Although the screenplays are not very high, the great scripts are very difficult to create. As the players' experience deepens, the play methods increase, and the market expands.
These factors such as increased competitiveness, the demand for script killings will become more stringent, and a good script will require great creativity and innovation in the search for subject matter, and the content will have some bright spots in integrity, readability, interactive nodes. 2) The script killings are in the initial and coarse stages of development and market regulation is weak. The industry is “old” and the cost of content acquisition is high on the supply side.
It's a story of the “bad currency for the good” that's of great quality, with serious copying, difficult writing rights, and bad experience for the players. 3) Some of the underline shops are working to lower the cost of repurchases by their acquaintances, offering to send the money to the pirate's pocket, the qq herds, the free fish are still full of very low-priced script sales information.
4) The content market is highly competitive, homogenous, and unprofitable. The subject matter of the script is usually concentrated on ancient wind, martial arts, reasoning, terror, Western illusions, emotions, etc. The subject matter is more monolithic and homogenous, so that the author’s failure is high and unprofitable.
Future trends in the content of the script are reflected in the quality of the script. As the market becomes more demanding, only high-quality scripts can satisfy the player's experience of the game.
Production logic and high quality content enhances the ability to control the literary content of scripts to a very high level through their experience and ability in literary works. 2) The trend of systematization, of scale. Currently, scripts are less efficient and more expensive. Most authors can only produce two or three pieces a year. If they want to improve their productivity, future team systems and scalding
It's an inevitable trend. 3) It's a combination of dramas, movies, novels, games, and so on.
There are higher expectations. But there are only a limited number of people that can be reached by individual ip, and multi-ipization operations will make it possible to cover a wider group of people and thus achieve effective growth. 4) There is an influx of brokers or large content platforms. For example, Chen Xing, one of the founders of the Treasure Cruiser, created a platform for integrating scripts, authors, dm, traders, players.
Figure 9: The famous writer Li Xing worked with the script killing team.
3.16 The author of the "Ben Plus" industry summit @Absolute New Words @The Bear Claw Wormnet @Bo2 Mob Network Launchs the Industry Round Table Forum! Special invitation is given to the real case research expert, the presenter of Crime Chat Room, and @Li Li Sanhui to participate in this discussion
The new book of the book "The Evilman" and the script "The Fifty-Second Hertz" will also be published on the site to analyse the distribution channels of the current script, which are divided mainly into distribution platforms and distributors on the line, as well as exhibition sales.
3.3.1 Online distribution of platform sales scripts: Blackseeds lead the industry, Blackseed leads the industry, and plays people, buys a copy. In order to “bridge” content creators and underline experience shops, the play distribution platform “Small Blacks” was set up in 2018, and the home-run play distribution platform “Black Detectives” is a reference.
A comprehensive service platform for the distribution and trading of the theme scripts. At the platform, there is an active script killing game, the theme of the scene, etc., where real-estate shops can procure on the platform to provide easy and easy access to transactions up and down. By the end of 2020, the “blackseeds” had been on 3,500 scripts, over $15 million a month, with nearly 200,000 registered users.
The online distribution platform is the dramatism and the buying of a small program.
3.3.2 Distributors and underline fairs sell scripts: issuers can grow in the future and publishers have an opportunity to integrate. The scripts are distributed as medium-stream pillars of the script-killing industry, often in the form of studios.
In an environment in which the industry is not well regulated, the distributors are now barbarous, rich, unsupervised, and untaxed. The online play-and-play show is only for the best.
Shopkeepers need to test and purchase high-quality scripts, so the show is created under the line. The exhibition is usually hosted by a popular distribution studio across the country, and shopkeepers who come to buy high-quality scripts are taking measurements at the show.
500 script-killers participated. Eighteen script-killing fairs were held in the country in 2020, while 13 under-line shows were held this year less than half.
Ben, like the Goodwoods, How are you? It's called the best cry-baby emotional immersions, a lot of scenes that kill shop vibrates, and even a little video of a player playing the Goodwoods crying with his head. With the accumulation of a lot of game players, this kind of phenomenon class plays have the potential to move onto the screen, ip visualization.
3.4 Downline script shop analysis: intense competition, lack of high-quality targets, and inability to scale up script-killers charge their players tickets to earn their income. A script-killing takes about two to six hours, usually involving 5 to 12 people. Tickets vary from tens to hundreds, with hundreds of scripts in two-line cities killing hundreds more.
At the bottom of the dollar, the first-line city is dominated by $200-300. In addition to this element of the script, the immersion experience provided by dm and props, the unique business approach of the shop style, and the location of the shops near the business circles, the landscapes, and the universities.
The cost of the script shop consists mainly of rent, refurbishment, scripts, props, and dm wages. The cost of the script is higher, because the script killing is an experiential game with a low rate of repetition, requiring the shopkeeper to keep shopping from the market for high quality scripts.
It costs $100,000 to buy; and in order to sustain the growth in passenger traffic, shopkeepers will have to buy a big, hot script to attract new players. And the bottom door experience is not just a good script, but a dm's acting. A few hours of script killing, like a dm that doesn't have a voice, a player's introspection is bad. And selecting and developing a good dm is a cost.
The annual Chinese drama-killing industry study shows that the average single cost of a play-killing is between a few dozen and a few hundred yuan. The cost of a script-killer in a second-line city is mostly under $100, while the cost in a first-line city is 200 to 300 yuan.
But most of the script-killing shops are difficult to get back, and most of the really better-run front-line shops are open and distributed, training their authors, and it is difficult for ordinary shopkeepers to find an appropriate profit model. As an emerging industry, the script-killing industry has not been matched by industry regulations, and there are problems in its development.
In practical terms: 1) do not respect intellectual property rights. Many start-up shops, in order to save money, choose to buy pirated copies; while low-priced competition leads to a lot of copying and homogenization of scripts. 2) it is not legal to operate. Many script-killing shops do not have a proper license plate, or even a formal one.
People enter the “shops.” And the use of renting or housing as a place has a great impact on the lives of nearby residents. 3) Lack of quality shops.
And content acquisition costs are high. As a result of this vicious competition, there are very few chains or brands, and the vast majority of them are still working in workshops, profiting from star scripts alone, where business models are difficult to scale.
And the wind; 2) the scenery, the immersion, the direction of the experience. The future script killing will not exist in a single form, but in combination with various forms of immersion, secret chambers, etc., will lead to a more diverse play. In 2020, Mystery and the Greater Edo hot springs built a 15,000-square immersion theatre, with over 50 npc (non-player roles) present.
At the same time, there are 100 players in the game, each with different roles and tasks, as well as different story lines and endings. 3) Rent-in projects, combined with dramas, movies, games, etc., and naturally equipped with the yard-line mode. 4) dm's red hatching. dm plays an important role in a script-killing, and is responsible for presenting the content and the ring.
The festivals, which are good dms, add up to the script, determine to a large extent the rate of playback. Although dm differs in its ability to learn, understand, emotional mobility and control the field, if there is systematic training to regulate the profession, such as the Beijing Film Institute in the script-killing industry, it hatches in a mesh mode.
Dm, the group of operators can increase passenger traffic. App on line 3.5: there's a bottleneck on the line, and the future is under the line.
In contrast, the experience patterns of underline script killings are more varied, and the props, dramas, etc. are more sophisticated and give players a better, more diverse sense of experience: the online ones break the limits of time and space and provide a lot of free copies, lower the kryptonium threshold, and lower the sense of experience. Users on the line have lower retention rates, higher traffic, and more difficult daily life breaks.
Even though the number of front-line theatres is rising every year, the industry is not high, the branding effect is not visible, and it is always blocking the development of the play-killing game. At present, online script killings are dominated by "Big Detectives," "I'm The Enigma," "The Script," "The Script," "The Script."
And so on. "I'm the Enigma" for the fourth season of Star Detective, and "I'm the Big Detective" for the sixth quarter of Star Detective. As the script explodes, capital arrives. The year 2018 is the year of online applications for investment, and online players receive market financing -- "I'm the Enigma," "Many" and "Capital Detective" and so on.
After the outbreak in 2020, the online script killed the app. According to seven wheat data, seven days before and after the spring of 2020, six online social games rose to the top20 application list, four of which were dedicated to the script killed the app.
The total number of users of the playbook on the Enigma line has risen by 20-30% in the 15th of spring. The total number of users of the playbook on the Enigma line is around 50 million. At present, online commercialization is offline.
The heart pays mainly for the script, in addition to the skin, props, etc. There are certain bottlenecks on the line. 1) The ease and cost of the app on the line do not compensate for the lack of experience; while the core of the script killing game is three dimensions: quality content, immersion, personalization services, lack of immersion on the line, one.
Sex services are two dimensions, so they cannot meet the needs of the target consumer. 2) The online script kills the script because of the low unit price, which makes it difficult to attract a good script. The online script sells is usually around $5 to $10 per person. In addition to the channel distribution, the author is usually divided into about $2 to $3. If a single script consumes 10,000 times online, the script kills the author.
20-30 thousand dollars. Twenty-three thousand dollars is the average revenue from the script sold to the front door store. This is partly an obstacle to the willingness of authors and the authors to sell the good script online. 3) The online game app usually lacks the identity of the dm and the experience of the game is difficult to guarantee.
And the virtual identity matching, the mode of communication with wheat makes it difficult to regulate interactive processes, and the decoupling has a huge impact on other players’ experiences, so it's important that the online completion rate is very important. The future trend will be to make money off the flow line.
In February 2020, the online script-killing app “I am the Enigma” app began to operate in a direct line-up mode.
Opening of 43 brand shops across the country, including Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, Qingdao and others, with a monthly turnover of more than $200,000. Figure 16: I am a front-line shop ad. 3.6 Consumers: Rejuvenation is evident and consumption capacity is strong
In terms of age, 26-40-year-olds kill important consumers. Of these, 26-30-year-olds kill 39.2% of consumers compared to 37% of those aged 31-40.
Links, underline round tables, underline scenes, and so on. A study by the AIDS consultant shows that over half of the Internet people prefer the form of online connections, while under the line, the proportion of round tables and scenes experienced is 39.8% and 32.0%, respectively.
In the first- and second-line cities, the share of first-line cities is more than half (52.2%), the share of second-line cities is 23.9%, and the distribution of third- and fourth-line city players is lower. A study by the AIDS consultant shows that 61.26% of users can accept a single cost of a script killing game of $50-90, while a large number of users can accept higher consumption unit prices, with 17.82% of users accepting a single price.
4 The Chinese script kills the characteristics of the shop: the two-line cities are eager to be “impregnated”, the three four-line cities have market opportunities, and on the eve of the fifty-first anniversary, Mangotv's popular art, "Star Big Detectives" , the opening of the shop's "m-city" star detective.
Once again, people's eyes are drawn to the real store below the screenplay line. As we can see, the fire side of the real store under the star's big detective line shows that the playbook shop is attracting consumer attention, becoming a new social favor for the games of the young people of the past generation. The door shop is also growing rapidly in every city of the country, with a well-represented second-line city in the north, more consumer-friendly and more consumer-friendly.
A better and more immersed scene search, with more self-employed script-killing shops in three or four-line cities, mostly in boxes, low unit prices, and sunk opportunities for chain-run shops. 4.1, 2-line cities have high levels of immersion, with high unit prices in the North.
As of March 2021, according to the AIDS consultant, the script had been used to search every second-line city and to compile the number of front-line shops in the cities, including chains and alliances. As of April 2021, the script-and-market shop on the American Group had been sorted with a “human priority” and the following cities had a high flow of customers.
The top five cities with a high interest in immersion script killings were Beijing, Chengdu, Shanghai, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, China, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and
In the second half of 2019, the number of downline theatres rose dramatically, and the growth of barbarous growth began. Because of the low threshold of access to the script, a large number of shopkeepers had been here for a while.
But after some time, because of the high cost of rent and manpower in a second-line city, large numbers of new stores, exits from the market, leaves a star shop with a high repurchase rate and a high-quality feature service. In order to win greater passenger flow and visibility, these stores are now building up brands of scale through direct expansion and alliance expansion.
So far, the more successful branding is a mystery, a mystery about the reasoning, the script tribe, I am a mystery, and I am the world's three thousand worlds at the heart of the Chengdu experience store. Three thousand of the world's lowest-line shops opened in 2017, became the first theatre studios to own the playbook, the Kawaguchi Hospital, and became the front-line front-line theater in Chengdu in the same year; in 2019, I won 6 million angel wheels.
In May of that year, all over the country’s conglomerates broke through 70 cities, with 90 signatories. The association model helped to develop new entry stores, concentrating on the size of the market: 1) By joining the association, new entry stores could be made more competitive.
Increasing barriers to doing business. The industry threshold is very low, while increasing market concentration and rapidly building industry barriers through the rapid squeezing of other less competitive outlets by joining forces. 3) Solving the supply chain. The script killing is a supply chain rule for creative-issuing-underline shops that can build up customers quickly by using brand original scripts and by using brand visibility.
The m2 single subject and hundreds of exhibits greatly improved the consumer's sense of experience, and public opinion estimates show that all three shops have a score of 4.95 or more. Chengdu has a immersion theatre that relies on the company's in-house authors, design teams, scripts, shows to the public through the experience halls and obtains timely feedback, plays the scripts to kill the upstream and downstream chains, and uses it as a resource.
Heart-made scripts and excellent front-line real-estate slogans have now broken through 200 cities. 4.23, four-line cities are mostly fragmented, with low unit prices for customers, three, four-line city doors are self-owned and fewer locks run. We use script as the key word, in the United States Regiment.
Up until the end of April 2021, eight three-to-four-line cities had two-to-three-to-three-to-six, two-to-three-to-one-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-the-one-to-the-the-meal-the-meal-the-the-meal-the-metroika-the-the-the-book-the-me-the-me-the-me-the-the-me-the-me-the-the-me-the-the-me-the-me-the-the-me-the-me-the-me-the-the-me-the-the-the-the-the-me-the-the-the-the-the-the-me-the-the-me-the-me-the-me-the-me-the-the-me-the-the-the-the-the-me-me-the-the-me-me-me-me-the-me-me-me-the-me-me-me-me-the-the-me-me-me-the-the-the-the-me-me-me-the-the-the-the-the-me-me-me-me-me-the-me-the-me-me-me-the-the-the-the-the-
There are 51 scripts in a theatre of detective reasoning, all of which are desktop scripts, no costumes, but there are three different rooms: ancient wind, Euro style, and modernity. Most of the scripts are well-run.
More famous boxes, such as "Hello, Big Daddy, 100 death laws for ex-boyfriends," allow players to choose rooms of different styles according to the type of script they choose, and to increase their immersion experience. Compared to the script of "Kiji" in a chain of reasoning in Shanghai, the price of the shop is 328 people, compared to the larger and better decorated room in Shanghai.
Every consumer needs to change and make up and have a better user experience. The same script, with additional services, increases the unit price of consumption, which is the way to explore the future of the three-to-four-line city script killing.
In our view, the track of the script killing is one of the best areas in which the mango is broken. In short, it uses the content development of the mango, and it has the advantage of developing it more deeply, through the experience of the script killing, to greatly enrich its members' feelings; and, at the same time, the highly interactive play of the community will effectively enhance the interaction of the users on the line, deepen the depth of the company's Internet, and drive the mango super.
In the end, it will be an important channel for the cultural output of mangos, a long-term cultural branding that will be the cornerstone of a 100-year-old shop. We believe that Internetization of content companies will completely reverse past entertainment Internet business models, such as Disney.
This is the case for mangos. 5.1ip, the commercial moat killed by the script 5.1.1, " Clear Detection, Fugitive " , has accumulated a large number of art fans, which corresponds to the pictures of the screenplay killing consumers.
Mango's content, which is centred on the art, is to a large extent based on the natural nature of its content and the "B" of the script that kills it. Mangotv focuses on the group of young female users, in line with the picture of the script user. Mangotv always targets the group of young women, in harmony with the picture of the consumer of the script that kills them.
Questmobile recorded 18% of male and female users of Mango tv platforms in 2020: 82% of them are women.
In February 2020, Mangotv was still very popular among young women, as shown by the fact that Mangotv's knowledge of young women is “blind”. In addition to the simple nature of the game, as in the previous article, the character of the script, socialization, cos, beauty shoots, etc., is naturally extremely attractive to women, with all Mango female-dominated fans drawings.
Like, it's perfect to drive the play-killing business. On March 17th, the top-down, unlike the general "Cyclopyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyhyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Four billion people, 284 on the Internet, have read more than 26 billion topics, have scored a high of 9.2 soybean petals, and have achieved a good harvest of more than 25 billion times in the six seasons. In terms of the gender distribution of the audience, the ratio of male and female viewers to "Classroom Breaking Out" and "Star Search" is about two to eight.
5.1.2 The greatest feature of the variety of art productions is the ability to build a “twilight cosmology” to develop its long tail value, the “twilight cosmology” model, and the show's long tail effect circle is a big fan. The greatest feature of the difference between the original reality show and the art is that the dramatic content is designed to give viewers a sense of immersion close to a television show.
The seasonal continuum makes it possible for cases and people to come together and form a series of dramas. This coherent drama and character is at the heart of the creation of the “scene universe”, and it is also the unique advantage of the dramatism. This drama, which has a long tail effect on the thick and thinness of content continuity.
Star Big Detective 4 (2018) Star Big Detective 1 (2016) Directed by Hoshu
Director: He Dynasty: He/Chen Xiaojun/Chang Xiaojun/Jian Xiaojun/Li *** *** *** *** *** ***
Starring: He/sa Benin/Winging/Bing Jin-Jing/Wing-Jing-Jing/More: Ho/Saing/Ju Jin-woo/Wing-Jing/More Type: Real person show
Type: Real bald Production country/area: mainland China Production country/area: mainland China
Launcher: 2018-10-26 (continent China) Single film length: 75 minutes, also known as Big Star Detective 4who'sthemurderer?
== sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_man
Director: Heshu, author: Heshu/Chen Xiaojun/Tang Xin/ Zhang Xing, editor: Chen Xiaoting
Starring: Ho Hau/Sa Benin/Bharghen/Ghar Wang/Gal/Wu Jin Jie: He Hau/Sa Benin/Bok Jinjin/Wong Gu/Wu Jin/More Type: Real person show
Type: reality show Production country/area: mainland China Producer country/area: mainland China
Launching: 2017-01-13 (continent of China) Single film length: 170 minutes Single film length: 100 minutes
Who'sthemurderer?
Xiaojing Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho!
Xiaoting, Xiaoting, Xiaoting, Xiaoting, Chen Xiaoting, Wang Sixing, Tang Xin, Zhang Xiaodang, Huang Xiaomei, Hao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xing, Xiao, Xiao, Xiang, Xiang, Xiao, Xiang, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiang, Xiao, Xiao, Xiao, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xu, Xu, Xu, X, Xu, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X
/Han-hyun-ling/Zan-kyu/Shaw-Kalley type: reality show star: Ho/Sa-Benin/O-Jing-Jing/O-Jing-Jing/O-Jing-Ying/Mo
Production country/area: mainland China Type reality show Producer country/area: mainland China
Launching 2020-12-24 (Main China) Chinese Mandarin
Single film: 100 minutes?
5.2 On April 30th this year, Mangotv launched the country's first movie star-killer, Mangomcity Star Shatt, which is also Mangotv.
The launch of the first home-grown viewing and entertainment shop, which will extend star big detective ip to the bottom-line viewing interactive entertainment industry, is a step towards enriching mango ecology. The shop currently has 300+ scripts, divided into three categories by difficulty: "An unusual classic."
In the course of the five-day holidays, the store accumulated more than 900 people, and the main camp collected more than the sum of one month's revenue from other theaters in Changsha.
The opening door for just over 10 days has become the front door shop of the Long Sha script, Top1, with the US team rating of 5.0 and the popular score rating of 4.90. In particular, the nznd, the College Wrestling, two viewing rooms, a pseudonym, are currently on schedule until May 17.
Figure 37: Nznd secret room search bookings are full. According to the American Corps app, there are currently seven open bookings, two scenes: nznd and college, weird talk, five round-table sessions: two classics, two scripts and one immersion.
10-13:30, 15-18:30 and 20:00-23:00 in the evening. By looking at the m-city star detective's booking program, we combed 126 screenplays available in the shop. The scripts cover a number of sub-categories, such as ceremonial camps, hard core reduction, ancient wind emotion, and terror mutation, most of which are of long duration.
In four hours or so, the number of participants is covered by the script from 4 to 11 per person. 5.3 “The script kills”, the cultural output of the mango, is clearly not enough if the “the script kills” is understood simply as a means of realization of the mango system.
It's more important to complete the Mango system's "underline" and "online socialization" than simply the "sale income" for mangos; but the most important thing is that it will achieve the efficient cultural output of mangos and promote the interconnectivity, which has always been the dream of Internet content companies. Underlines can better make users feel the essence of online content.
In this kind of scenery, it's the company's cultural subconscious output. Disney's gardens and hotels, they're the typical content scenes.
The content system is naturally in line with the script killing requirement; 2. Moreover, Mango killing, because of its online art display, has a powerful publicity and fan effect, which is not available to any other script killing subject; 3. The script killing industry is in the most rapid stage of development in China, and there are currently few big players in the industry, and the mango killing will create a crush.
So, the Mango's path of “the script killing” started to break the ice, but logically, it was very good, and when the script killing began to be confirmed in the Mango system, we saw the financial contribution of the script killing, the deeper interaction of the Mango community, the materialization of the mango content, and the experience of Mango members.
The multiple potential benefits will contribute rapidly to the deepening of the entire Internet in Mango, thus significantly driving the price of the corporate platform 5.4 Mango supermixes to continue to be killed with a coded script, focusing on “communities”, creating online social platforms Mangotv to launch a screen-playing plate, and creating a “taptap” for the script-killing community.
Social networking platform, Taptap is a community of high-quality hand-to-hand, hand-to-hand community where players can score and evaluate games and speak freely in each game forum. In 2020, the taptap platform reached an average monthly mau of 25.7 million, an increase of 43.7 per cent, with an increase of 5.8 million and an increase of 64 per cent.
In Mangotv's functional area, there's an explicit screenboard showing the industry's popular script and the play that's about to be on the line. On the spot, you can view the script and the main characters. It's open to users.
As the Mango super-manufacturer increases its voice in the downstream shop and up-and-up ip, and shows, the future will certainly attract a large number of distribution studios and under-line shop vendors.
Figure 40: Visible Script Panel vs. Taptap Main Interface Figure 41: Visible Script Panel vs. Taptap Details Page
Mangotv also introduced "The Mystery Spaces" in the community of Star Detectives, which sets the answer threshold for "The Mystery Spaces" to examine users' familiarity with the content of the program. Fans can discuss, analyze, publish the brain holes and ideas about the program, participate in the little game of reasoning and browse co-authors.
It's a front-page display of the industry's popular script and the script that's about to be online, and it's available for viewing the story once it's in a specific script.
Shao and the main figures explained that users can score and comment on the content of the script available on the market, while the platform is equipped with the function of a play-killing court in Mangotv, where users can choose their own venue and business, and the platform provides both micro-letters and payment of treasures.
Bean petals currently have 160 million registered users and 600,000 active groups, with an average of 11 million people living per month in 2021, ranked 13 in social applications. A mature, social content platform comparable to bean petals, which, by commenting on books, films, music, etc., forms a user-led content production system, the soybean petal review/book review and the soybean column; and through the soybean petals.
In the future, mangos can create an interactive content production system that imitates the business model of bean petals and deepens the Internet.
The profit forecast and investment proposal is that because the script killing business is a completely new and new scheme that began this year, and although it is already urbanized in five core cities, the short-term contribution to finance is uncertain, so our profit projection does not take into account the script killing.
Given the enormous imagination of the script-killing business and the increase in the company’s other broken business, the investment rating of Mango super-manufacturing “buy-in” is maintained. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.