In the first half of the year, the net increase in the price of raw materials increased by 36.3 per cent and the combined Māori rate increased by 30.04 per cent in the first half of the year.
Increased costs and slower demand were the main reasons for the decline in the Māori rate: the first half of the year, corporate gypsum boards, bone bones and waterproofing rates fell, with the price of primary combustion materials such as scrap paper, sbs-modified asphalt, coal, etc. The continued weakness of data on new construction and completion in the first half of the year also led to a low level of downstream performance.
As the national green development strategy is implemented, there will be more room for development. The company’s waterproofing business will also continue to develop.
It is hoped that the company will gain a greater share of the market. • The company’s net return to the mother in the second quarter has decreased slightly, but given the continued strength of its steady growth policy in the second half of the year, the gypsum business meets the green building development requirements with greater scope for development, and we partially adjust our profits.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations Waterproofing operations affect corporate cash flows, higher prices of raw materials are expected and downstream demand continues to slow.
Construction materials: Construction materials I, 2022h1 and net gains and losses and cash flows of q2 operations increased by the same percentage: companies issued mid-term reports for 2022. Companies collected $10.37 billion in the first half of 2022, or 2.4 per cent of the same increase; mothers received $1.64 billion
The price of raw fuel for the company’s main products has risen, the demand for the completion data has slowed down, and the Māori rate for the main products, such as gypsum boards, bone bones, waterproof rolls, has declined, dragging the company’s overall Māori level: the price of the Māori fuel material in the 2022H1 company has increased more significantly. In addition to the same price increase for the original fuel materials, due to the closer relationship between the slab business and the completion of the work,
Waterproof rolls are more closely related to start-up, and the weakness of data on new start-ups and completions in the first half of the year has also slowed down demand for downstream products.
Figure 8.202H1 Performance of new start-up and completion data continues to be weak
With the concept of a “green building future” as an industrial concept, the company is vigorously developing a circular economy and promoting energy-saving and assembly-based buildings, consistent with the direction of construction. The cardboard business is the company's most important panel with the advantages of energy-efficient environmental protection, fire-resistant, sound-proofing, lightweight and economics.
The rapid development of water-proofing operations is expected to give companies a greater share of the market. The company has been working on 15 water-resistant materials production base layouts since 2019 through a joint reorganization.
The rapid roll-out of newly built materials into the water-proof sector in the north is expected to give companies a greater share of the market. Water-proof operations affect corporate cash flows, higher prices for raw materials are expected, and downstream demand continues to slow down.
Figure 10.2022h1 Summary of performance table