North Xerox (000786): Plasma plate taps, secure position, secure distance, new Xerox material.
In the first half of 2022, 10,373 million yuan was earned in business in the North, an increase of 2.40 per cent in the same year; the North is a leading company in the production of plaster plates in the country, with a share of about 60 per cent in the industry.
The company accounts for 65% of the company’s total revenues, while producing and manufacturing light and the industry’s decline keeps growing. The company, as a global gypsum head, is in the form of a raw bone, with a business of around 12%.
In the first half of 2022, water materials companies entered the waterproof materials industry and completed 21.5 per cent of their houses on a year-on-year basis, especially in the case of office buildings, which were 30 per cent lower than in the first half of the year.
At the same time, the impact of the epidemic was compounded by a greater impact on industry demand. But the company’s cardboard operating income still reached $7,062 million, an increase of 8.07 per cent over the same period, relying on low-cost and size advantages, guaranteed a certain bargaining power in the face of rising raw materials and low demand, which accelerated the weakness of small businesses, by raising prices.
In the subregion, domestic sales increased by the same year, except in the northern part of the world, but lower rates led to lower profits by the same year. The combined rates fell by 3.77 percentage points, though the price increases increased by the same year.
The prices of raw materials waste paper, coal (in the case of ringed sea-powered coal (5,500k)), and modified asphalt (in the case of regional markets on average) remained high in the first half of 2022, rising by about 25 per cent, 22.1 per cent and 24.34 per cent in the same year, resulting in higher operating costs for products such as corporate gypsum and waterproof rolls.
This was higher than the growth in operating income, with a 4.4 percentage point decline in the cardboard rate over the same period; a 1.53 percentage point drop in the bones of light steel; and a 9.53 percentage point drop in the waterproof rolls, resulting in less revenue for the company, better profits and lower demand, with an increase in the company ' s Māori rate as a approximate event.
Total equity/flowa shares (millions) Flexiblely adjusts the fund-raising projects, and the global layout works well.
In response, seven structural bone-building projects for fund-raising projects were adjusted in a timely manner into two building blocks-based construction projects to further enhance the edge of the gypsum industry and to complement corporate liquidity, reflecting the strategic mobility of the management of the Division.
The production line layout, Tanzania ' s 1,500 square metre cardboard project, has been put into production, and Bosnia and Herzegovina, Thailand, and Uzbekistan ' s cardboard project is well under way. In the first half of 2022, the company earned $6.52 million in operating abroad, an increase of 27.37 per cent over the previous year.
The company remains firmly committed to its development strategy of “one wing” (waterproof materials and paints) to develop the dominant main cardboard business in a depressed industrial environment, to continue to raise the city’s dominance, to consolidate its leadership, and to dig deep for the mounds.
Applying funds to cost-effective and advantaged industries, increasing the ratio of inputs to output, reducing unnecessary capital cash expenditure on mergers and acquisitions, purchasing fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term asset payments in the first half of 2022 Firm development has helped to sustain a step-by-step development in long-term development.
The new material (000786): The gypsum is solid and far-reaching, and continues to maintain a “strongly recommended” rating for changes in the external environment in the face of steady risk.
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the new material in the North (000786).
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is Zhao's own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
New material in the North (000786). The gypsum is secure, secure and remote, and does not guarantee any change in the information and advice that it contains. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute an offer or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.