The reason for the report is: performance evaluation, except for changes in the fair value of biological assets, noon-ifrs was adjusted to a 28.7 per cent increase in the net return to the mother as compared to the first quarter of the year.q
Corporate revenue and net return earnings were 29.16 million yuan and 438 million yuan, respectively, representing an increase of 15.2 per cent and 30.2 per cent, respectively, and non-ifrs, which were adjusted to the mother ' s net gain of 490 million yuan, an increase of 17.5 per cent. Overall, the slowdown in the company ' s revenue-side growth rate was mainly influenced by a period of change, with the industry warming and the prospect of a return to high growth.
Laboratory services and cmc plates are growing robustly. Laboratory services: high Maori laboratory science operations drive up the Māori rate. 2023h1, corporate laboratory services earned $3.380 billion, an increase of 21.7 per cent compared to the same growth of the Māori rate of 45.1 per cent.
External orders were transferred over 35 per cent, or over 51 per cent, leading to an increase in plate Maori rates. cc: 1. Late orders increased by 620, including 431 pre-clinic projects, 136 clinical i-ii, 24 clinical iii, 29 process validation and commercialization projects; the project was relatively abundant, with the project continuing and promising.
Clinical cro: Business development into fast lanes and increasing profitability. Corporate Clinical Integration Platform + CE3 \triangleright
In the first half of 2023, the company's clinical co-operation generated $805 million, an increase of 37.8 per cent over the previous year; the Māori rate was 17.0 per cent, an increase of 11.9 percentage points over the same period. The synergies and branding effects of the country's business plates have gradually emerged, and the combined efficiency of the CE and US service teams has been increasing, client recognition and recognition have been increasing.
The market share has risen rapidly, leading to high income growth in the plate and a sustained improvement in the Māori rate. During the reporting period, companies were working on 912 projects, including 74 iii clinical trials, 400 viii clinical trials and 438 other clinical trials (including iv clinical trials, clinical studies initiated by researchers and real world studies).
In collaboration with some 600 hospitals and clinical testing centres in about 120 cities in China, more than 1400 projects are under way. Militants and cgt: Global Client and Level I Market Recognition Enhancement. Corporate activists and cgt were involved in projects in the first half of the year: 1) providing analytical testing services for 26 cgt projects at different stages of research and development, including 2 commercialization projects; 2)
glp and non-glp toxicological trials for 21 cgt drugs completed and under way; 3) cdmo services for 11 cgt projects, including 2 iii clinical phase projects, 7 i/ii clinical phase projects and 2 preclinical projects; 4) process development services for the ind declaration phase provided by innovative bi-specific antibodies from offshore customers and planned for the fourth quarter of 2023
During the reporting period, Conlon biology signed a replenishment agreement for equity financing, which amounted to about RMB 950 million, with an estimated value of RMB 8.550 billion.
With cgt, a new driver for long-term corporate development, the future is achievable. The first coverage is given as a “buy-in” rating.
The two-stage process-wide integrated drug research, development and production solution, with the main operations divided into laboratory services, cmc (small molecule cdmo) services, clinical research services, mass molecules and cell and gene therapy services, and four main sections. The company has 20 operating entities in China, the United Kingdom and the United States, using internationalization operations and management tools.
Combining corporate resources, building on the wealth of global R & D services and service facilities, as well as top-notch technology, has created an internationalized professional service capacity that has reached more than 2,000 clients, including the global top20 drug company. Revenue growth has been robust, with profits growing faster than revenues.
The dollar, which increased by 14.7 per cent over the same period, excluded the fair value of the biological assets, and the net profit of non-ifrs, which was adjusted to return to the mother, increased by 28.7 per cent over the same period, q2 Quarters, which generated 2,916 million yuan for the company, an increase of 15.19 per cent over the same period; net profit, which increased by 438 million yuan, an increase of 30.17 per cent over the same period; and net profit of non-ifrs, which increased by 17.5 per cent over the same period.
The impact of the slowdown is that the profit side increases faster than the income end because of its impact on scale. We believe that company revenues are largely affected by phased factors, and that, with industry financing warming, the company’s performance is expected to return to high growth rates; moreover, the profit side is expected to continue to show scale effects in the face of growing public revenue and increasing profitability of emerging operations.
East Sea securities dongaisecurities Sustained high growth in operating income of company 2
Figure 3 shows a growth trend in corporate quarterly receipts, and figure 4 shows strong growth in corporate net profit returns, and figure 5 shows strong growth in corporate non-net profit returns.
Figure 6 Net profit for noon-ifrs, single-quarter net profit for companies The scale effect continues to increase the profitability of companies and the investment in R & D to enhance service capacity.
Figure 8 Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates continue to rise. Figure 9 Company IV rates remain largely stable.
The company continuously expands its process-wide services, client stickyness and inter-business mobility. Laboratory services, cmc services, clinical research services, big molecules and cgt services are the first, second, third, and four main business sections of the company.
In the first half of 2023, about 75% of cmc (small molecule cdmo), big molecules and cgt four, respectively, achieved business income of 33.80, 12.51, 8.05, and 200 million yuan, respectively, representing 2.1. Laboratory services: a steady increase in income and a sustained increase in the Maori rate.
The company’s laboratory services include, inter alia, laboratory chemistry and bioscience services (including in- and out-of-the-board drug metabolism and pharmacodynamics, in vitro biology and pharmacology, drug safety evaluation, molecular drug discovery, and US laboratory services). Cold funding for global pharmaceutical investment leads to demand by clients.
In order to slow down the impact of the growth rate, the company achieved revenue of $3.38 billion for laboratory services, an increase of 21.68 per cent, and a Māori rate of 45.05 per cent, an increase of 1.36 percentage points over the same period last year. Of this, synergies between biosciences and laboratory chemistry operations have been combined with the transfer of external orders, with a strong increase of more than 35 per cent in bioscience revenues, driven by more than 51 per cent.
The Māori rate of the laboratory plate has continued to rise.
The company cmc (small molecule cdmo) service provides pharmaceutical companies and R & D companies with individual and cost-effective solutions for drug development and production, including process development and production, materials science/pre-formulation, formulation development and production and analytical development services to support pre-clinical and staged clinical research.
Helping clients significantly reduce R&D costs and accelerate the R&D process. Benefiting from company-wide process integration of service capabilities, clients glued up late orders and rising incomes. In the first half of 2023, corporate cmc achieved income of $1,251 million, an increase of 15.37 per cent compared to the previous year, achieving a Māori rate of 32.46 per cent, a decrease of 0.70 percentage points from the same period.
In addition, the company’s factories in Shaoxing, China, Coventry, the United States, and Cramlington, the United Kingdom, are on a climb-up phase, and the Māori rate is increasing steadily during the reporting period.
Corporate cmc operations covered a total of 620 projects, of which 431 pre-clinical projects, 136 clinical i-ii, clinical ii 24, 29 process validation and commercialization projects; the projects were relatively abundant and the Cmc business prospects could be illustrated as the 13 cmc project continued to progress to a later stage
Figure 14 corporate cmc service revenue and the same rate of increase. Figure 15 corporate cmc service Māori. 2.3. Clinical cró: Growth into fast lanes and continued improvement in profitability
The company’s clinical research services include foreign clinical research services and domestic clinical research services, domestic clinical research services include clinical trial services and clinical research current management services, and the company’s clinical services have an integrated clinical trial service platform in place in the country, covering all levels of clinical research.
There are 96 separate early clinical research and development centres with 96 beds in Maryland, United States of America, and an integrated “radioisotope compound synthesis-clinical-analysing” platform has been set up using both British and United States radiological technological advantages and clinical foundations. The company’s clinical teams can work closely together at home and abroad to facilitate the entry of overseas client products into the domestic market and help China.
Business development has moved into fast lanes, and profitability has continued to improve. In the first half of 2023, the synergies and branding effects of the company’s clinical coro operations have gradually emerged from the integration of business plates in the country, and the efficiency of the Chinese, British and American service teams has been increasing.
Client recognition and market share increased rapidly, leading to high growth in block income and a sustained improvement in the Māori rate. During the reporting period, company clinical teams continued to improve, increasing by 127 to 3729; 912 projects were under way, including 74 iii clinical trials, 400 iii clinical trials and 438 other clinical trials (including iv clinical trials, research)
Clinical research and real-world research, etc.). The company’s clinical research site management, in collaboration with some 600 hospitals and clinical trial centres in about 120 cities in China, is running more than 1,400 projects.
The company’s mass and cellular and gene therapy (cgt) research and development suit covers drug discovery, conceptual validation, pre-clinical ind development, and clinical development stages.
The gmp evaluation of the efficacy of the therapeutic drugs has an experienced team in developing and validating the analysis of the detection of cell and gene therapy. Capacity continues to improve, and operations are still under way.
The cdmo platform is being built, and the company’s large molecular drug development and production service base of approximately 70,000 square metres in Ningbo is expected to be operational from the second half of 2023. The company is currently providing process development services for the ind declaration phase for innovative dual-specific antibodies from overseas clients and is planning to start taking over the Big Molecular Gmp production service in the fourth quarter of 2023.
In team-building, there were 70 to 674 more members of the company ' s big molecules and cg teams. During the reporting period, the company provided batch and release detection analysis services for 26 cell and gene therapy projects at different stages of development, of which two have been used for commercial batching. In the area of safety evaluation services, the company was completed.
Glp and non-glp toxicological experiments are under way on 21 cell and gene therapy drugs. In the case of genetic therapy, the company's laboratories and factories in the United Kingdom provide clients with glands that meet different stages of production and regulatory requirements.
Services provided include 2 iii clinical phase projects, 7 i/ii clinical phase projects and 2 preclinical preclinical projects.In the first half of 2023, corporate activists and cgt achieved an income of 200 million yuan, an increase of 12.77 per cent over the same period; and Māori achievement rates, figure 19 corporate mass and cgt service income
Figure 20: Big molecules and cgt Mäori, big molecules and cgtoy (right-hand axis)
During the reporting period, corporate activists signed a replenishment agreement with the Cgt platform, Conlon Organism, to finance an estimated RMB 950 million, with an estimated RMB 8.25 billion.
As one of the leading companies in the country in the area of cro+cdmo, business-covering laboratory services, cmc, clinical research, full-process service, with an integrated service platform, the company is expected to continue to improve customer stickyness and business-to-business synergies.
They believe that the laboratory service plate is expected to continue to increase customer stickyness, bring about the transformation of later projects, and that cmc services and peri-bed research services are expected to become new drivers of company long-term development. Our main business income for 2023-2025 is 1, laboratory services: a large backlash from continued increases in global drug research and development inputs and further increases in outsourcing penetration of research and development.
In view of the shift in overseas orders, we believe that, thanks to the company’s global and empirical lead in laboratory chemistry services, revenues from laboratory services are expected to continue to grow at a high rate. 2. cmc (small molecule cdmo) services: Cmc units are expected to hold on to the company’s relatively strong R & D capabilities.
The cmc plate is in its early stages of business development, and there is much scope for raising income and profitability. At present, the company’s multi-property capacity has been released and is still on a downward spiral. With the growth in business volume and the project’s continued forward-end movement, we believe that the cmc business is expected to be a driving force for further growth in corporate performance.
Clinical research services: The company’s clinical cro business is basically well-structured, and a clinical cro+smo I physical service platform has been set up, enabling CE-US to connect. We believe that the clinical phase will maintain high growth as the company’s clinical service capacity expands and its front-end clients evolve.
4: Big molecules and cgt operations: business is still hatching and requires larger inputs. With the release of capacity and project advancement, the volume is expected to move towards accelerated growth and improved profitability.
Figure 22 Since the company was listed, the company's basestone operations laboratory services continue to flow, cmc services and clinical research services provide growth dynamics, and molecules and cgt are new drivers for the company's long-term development in the future. For the first time, the coverage is rated as “buy-in”.
Risk of failure in drug research and development: companies have a wealth of drug development experience, but there are generally higher risks in drug research and development.