The diesels are in a firm position to take a heavy blow out of the sea, step forward, fuel the wood.
\triangleright \triangleright
According to the China National Association of Burners, there were 700,000 wood sales engines in 2018, with a market share of 16 per cent. Of these, the number of single-priced businesses dropped by 4.32 per cent in the same year. The volume of diesel diesel sales of wood trucks grew at a much faster rate than the market, rising to 18.06 per cent in the market share, leading to the first group of heavy gas stations, with operations abroad increasing by nearly 50 per cent.
\triangleright \triangleright weight gas sold in 2018 for 172,000 heavy cards, down 0.6 per cent from the same year; 15 per cent of the market share was in fourth place, down 0.5 per cent from the same year, and remained in the first group of heavy cards.
East's rich and resourceful source of business abroad is growing rapidly: the company announced at its annual business meeting that it sold 12,000 heavy cards abroad in 2018, which we calculated to increase by 49%. The company works at kd factories in 12 countries, including Algeria, Kenya, Nigeria, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, etc.
Gradually and beginning to contribute to sales, overseas localized production in 2018 accounted for more than 3,500, representing 29% of overseas operations, and led the country as a whole. As the “one-way” project continues to develop the logistics needs of countries in the third world, we believe that corporate offshore heavy-card operations will continue to grow rapidly over the next three to five years.
The company sold 83,000 tractors in 2018, the same percentage as in 2017, and continues to be ranked second after the liberation of one. In 2018, the total stock of tractors fell by 17% compared to the previous period. We believe that the market for tractors will return to a slight increase in 2019. China’s heavy tractors are in heavy trucks, taking into account the heavy card consumption structure of developed countries.
There's still a lot of room for improvement in the market share. The weight gas is slightly higher in the tractor market than in the engineering car, and it's expected to continue to win in the future, with robust growth in logistics equipment and systems operations \triangleright \triangleright \
The net profit for the current season was 21.8% higher than in the previous two quarters, owing to the lower cost ratio of 2018q3. The company’s main business growth in 2018 came from Europe.
\triangleright, we believe that the company's diesel machine and the Faust Eden gear business will continue to benefit from the light-car cycle for the next 1-2 years, and that the heavy gas will continue to benefit from the expansion of heavy-card operations overseas. In the long run, the company's acquisition of Ballard and other new energy technologies will continue to benefit.
At the same time, the global layout of logistics – Queshu and Dematek – will provide a sufficient flow entrance to the Department’s commercial vehicle operations. The cyclicality of corporate profits is expected to decline, and the valuation hub will rise, influenced by logistics, light cards (diesel machines, gear tanks) and new energy operations.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the volume of commercial traffic, has fallen short of expectations; the pace of globalization has fallen short of expectations.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Liu Qinghua University Bachelor of Arts, Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of experience in project management and technology development in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.