Prospective to be a continuing beneficiary of industrial change, multiple benefits resonant, with slightly higher than expected growth. (1) Heavy card heights continue: 1,145,000 heavy card sales in 2019, a 3 per cent increase compared to the previous year ' s high base.
It's growing, and it's getting higher than ever. It's in the core chain of heavy-card industries: whole cars + engines + gears + cars + bridges, which benefit significantly from high-profile industry; (2) active expansion of non-road engines: companies actively deepen the development of engineering and agro-machinery areas, with Xu, Dragon, Hills, etc.
Corporate orders continue to grow: (3) Open the Chinese and American forklift markets: the company holds the stockholding Keyshaw and the stockholding de Matek, the automated logistics market, has much room for growth in China and the United States markets, and has been growing steadily for almost two years.
The industry faces changes, and the share of the city will still rise. The company’s president, Tan Xuqiang, is also the head of China’s heavy gas industry, and the two major whole companies at the helm of General Tan together outperform the total stock/flow ratio (million shares)
30% (16.5% in the heavy-gas market, 15% in gas). Managed two major brand-up controls, with synergies. Against this background, and with tight emission standards for the country ' s six emissions, the fuelwood was activated up to 12 months/minimum in yuan.
The company has improved the layout of forklifts, non-roads, fuel cells, and increased performance growth and risk containment capabilities. Kai-ho, the leader of the Euro-continental forklift, continues to buy his shares, and now stands at 45%. Kai-ho is in China.
And the US market is expected to continue to grow robustly in the future, increasing corporate performance. Companies hold 20% of Ballard's stake in the fuel cell caps and establish joint ventures, and despite the short-term difficulty of commercializing the fuel cells, the forward layout provides a solid foundation for changes in the motor system.
Investment proposal: we expect the company to return to its mother in 2018 and 2019 with a net profit of about 8 billion.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.