Reason for reporting: performance forecast product structure upgrades and steady growth in performance \triangleright
In 2018, the heavy card industry maintained its high profile, and even with its high sales base in 2017, it continued to grow at an equal rate of 2.78%. And the company, as the industry’s leader in the breakdown, grew steadily. On the one hand, the company’s controlling subsidiaries grew steadily.
The annual sales share of the heavy-card group is 14.98 per cent, stable in the country's first echelon; on the other hand, the company is active in the layout of the upstream parts, the “scade engine” and the “Faste transformer” etc. Market data: 31 January 2019
Downstream demand is strong, and it is expected to smooth down the card cycle. The card itself is more cyclical, and the three-year action plan pushes the country three and below to operate diesel trucks ahead of schedule.
Market value of the market share in circulationa (billions): phase-out, with some parts of the country implementing the six-standard stimulus in advance by 2019, three or less vehicle models, with fixed investment in real estate and the cumulative area of new construction continuously rising, with heavy cards.
The incremental demand is strong and is expected to smooth the cycle to some extent, with projected sales of heavy trucks in 2019. Basic data: The firm, as a leading firm, is expected to benefit from its own advantages as of 30 September 2018.
The industrial chain layout is perfect, the product structure is upgraded, and the vanguard is expected to expand further. The company has been pursuing a two-wheel-drive strategy for product and capital operations, and has formed an industry-wide chain layout of engines, gear boxes, bridges, whole machines, hydraulic controls and car parts, and has adopted
On the one hand, the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation has set up a global collaborative research and development system, sustained high levels of investment, and actively promoted its technological advantages. On the other hand, the company is driving the entire series of roads at full speed.
The development of high-end engines such as the country's four-stage product, the h- and m-phases, the implementation of the Blue Sky Defence War in 2019 and the early implementation of the country's six policies in some parts of the country are expected to contribute to the structural upgrading of the product, and companies are expected to further increase their market share by virtue of their own product advantage.
28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
There is a risk that the volume of heavy card sales will fall short of expectations; that overseas operations will not advance as much as expected; and that macroeconomics will continue to decline.