The company published the 2018 report, which generated a gross operating income of $159.26 billion, an increase of 5.1 per cent over the previous year.
The net profit of $8.66 billion, an increase of 27.2 per cent over the same period, a gain of $1.08 per share, is proposed to be $2.80 per 10 shares (including taxes), with slightly higher performance than expected. The company is a leading heavy card engine company, the heavy card market maintains a higher profile, the company benefits significantly, and the upgrading of emissions and the start of heavy steam will contribute to an increase in market power.
The non-heavy card motors, such as the schematic engineering machinery, are controlled by Kai-Hoo, who bought Dematek, which has gradually become a new growth point in many areas, such as forklifts, smart logistics, and has reduced performance volatility. Ten thousand vehicles are expected to benefit significantly from the company as the engine of the heavy card. In 2018, the company sold them.
363,000 heavy card engines sold, roughly equal to the previous year, with 31.6 per cent of the city; 12l, 13l, with 22 million (+1.6 per cent of the same year), with a further increase in the share of high-volume engines; 153,000 cards sold (+2.7 per cent of the same year), with 13.3 per cent of the city ' s share; and 909,000 floss special-distribution transformers (the same number).
The ratio was 8.9 per cent, of which 86.69 million cards were used and 75.7 per cent of municipalities were industry leaders. Four cost rates were 13.4 per cent, which was largely the same as the previous year; the reduction in long-term borrowing resulted in lower interest expenditure and a significant reduction in financial costs; and the reduction of assets was prepared for $840 million (compared to 110 million).
It is expected that the heavy card industry will continue to benefit from the high profile of the industry, and that the share of heavy-gas cities will increase further. The CDRC has approved a number of capital projects, started work after spring, implemented national emissions standards in multi-provincial cities ahead of schedule, and the heavy-carat sales are expected to reach 1 million vehicles in 2019.
Chief, the two companies are expected to be deeply integrated. 318 new cars are advertised with a heavy-breathed truck, carrying a wood engine. According to FDR, many of China’s heavy-flagged systems such as Howo, Hae-hae-hae, and Stel are already experimenting with new cars that match the wood engine. In the future, China’s heavy engine will be matched with Hong Kong.
Engine diversification and multi-sector layout contribute to robust growth. Company layout of non-heavy card engines, 3 tons and above loading engines in 2018 (+20.6%), agricultural equipment engines (+49.1%),
Forklift engines (+18.7 per cent) are growing at a high rate, and the effects of diversification are gradually emerging. 2018 Net Debt Ratio (%) (2019e) €80.0 billion per year (percentage +5.2 per cent) and the share of revenue is 38 per cent and will become one in the future.
As the four standards of non-road countries are upgraded and the demand for electric forklifts rises, high-end and middle-level caiau will benefit. Kaiju and Dematek are expected to complement each other, helping companies become global leaders of holistic solutions to smart logistics.
The forward-looking hydrogen fuel cell is expected to make the first breakthrough. The company's participation in Forsai, Bara, and its joint venture with Ballard (51% of the company's shareholdings) was set up at the mill, using the market price of 25 March 2019 as the standard.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with Bosch, Germany, for forward-looking hydrogen fuel cells, solid fuel cells, for the construction of hydrogen-filling facilities” in the government's report, and authorities in the tram reporting system have revealed that hydrogen fuel cell cars are expected to be officially launched in 2019 under the “10 Cities 1,000” extension programme.
Sino-Golden International Automotive Strategy 2019: Springwater Autumn
Given that the heavy card market is expected to maintain a higher profile, the company has begun to combine heavy steam into China, with a large number of them, and the heavy card industry is not selling as much as expected; and 2) overseas operations are not integrated as expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.