• South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: company performance report for 2022, yielding revenue of $3.89 billion, an increase of 18.4 per cent over the same period;
The net profit of the mother was 1,120 million yuan, an increase of 7.3 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the non-mother is 940 million yuan, an increase of 11.7 per cent in the same year; and the high quality of individual subscriptions, the number of members and the value of the arpu. During the reporting period, individual subscriptions generated 2.05 billion yuan, a monthly increase of 39.9 per cent.
The number of devices increased by 5.3 to 570 million over the same period, a steady increase in reverses against a backdrop of weak global pc and mobile cellular output. Of this, 240 million monthly active Wpsofficepc and the mobile version, respectively, introduced several new membership privileges and adjusted sku and cendarpu values to meet client needs.
During the reporting period, the Agency ' s subscriptions received 690 million yuan, an increase of 55.1 per cent over the same period, of which the digital office platforms were widely recognized by the users of government enterprises to accelerate their release, resulting in an increase of 57 per cent in the corresponding revenue, and 3990 new clients throughout the year.
With regard to the government sector, the company has created electronic library products to support the management of electronic files throughout the life cycle of the party’s digital government; (2) provides modular digital office enabling services in the face of head enterprises; in the public cloud service market, the activity of business users and the payment of fees have continued to increase.
The number of pay-as-you-go enterprises grew by 51% over the year, the rate of renewal of the pay-out was over 70%, the rate of renewal was over 100%, and the revenue associated with the public cloud sector was over 100% over the same period. “Realized + letter creation” was a two-wheel drive and authorized operations were time-limited.
Shrunk, yielding revenue of 840 million yuan, a 13.2% decline over the same period, largely due to the slower pace of IT procurement. Companies accelerated the downside market and industry confidence-building, creating an advantage wps product, and accelerated credit creation.
It will continue to benefit fully from the steady upward trend in the IT innovation industry; add-over orthodox demand catalytic, with b end-of-end authorized operations of 1. Kimshan offices (688111):b,c subscriptions to double-wheel drives corresponding to 112 times, 87 times, and 67 times the dynamic pe, respectively.
In a broader context, the corporate b-side office product matrix is gradually being refined, the digital office platform ' s product capacity is being validated and the agency ' s operations are expected to be scaled up; in the meantime, with the further improvement of the c-end membership system, subscriptions to 2. Kimshan office (688111): a national office software tap.
b. The two-wheel drive (2022-09-25) of end-of-service operations also has the potential to dig for a fee conversion rate.
3. Office in Kimshan (688111): subscription to a high-growth input plus, short-term rhythm disturbances that do not alter long-term space No compensation will not be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.