The year-round performance is in line with expectations, focusing on new opportunities for i-Change office software.
This represents an increase of 11.7 per cent in the same quarter, or 20.0 per cent in the same quarter; net profit for mothers of $304 million, or 57.4 per cent in the same year; net profit for non-mortality of $276 million, or 10.3 per cent in the same year; and projected performance. In the q4 quarter, the growth rate for companies was 20 per cent, and net profit for mothers of 57 per cent.
With 100 per cent increase in net non-mortality profits, corporate revenue continued to grow at the rate of the first three quarters, with significant increases in profitability, mainly expected to result from increased institutional/individual subscriptions.
Corporate subscriptions increased slightly faster than expected, and individual subscriptions maintained high growth: in 2022, companies served in depth, home affairs clients digitized office transformation, advancing the process of integration and collaboration between government and business enterprises, and institutional subscriptions generated $692 million a year-on-year, a 55 per cent increase, with q4 having increased on a year-on-year basis.
70 per cent longer than previously anticipated, showing strong business attributes against epidemic interference; on the business side, the wps individual user base continues to grow, with current revenues of 2.0 billion yuan a year, a 40 per cent increase over the previous year, with an increase of 36 per cent in the q4 quarter year-on-year year-on-year.
High growth in the product mix. We believe that the future growth of the "individual plus agency" dual-end subscription may slow down, given the declining impact of the epidemic and the relatively high base for the last two years.
In the context of the further escalation of United States export controls, the reliable supply of key information infrastructure and applications, such as hardware and software, has become an important safeguard for the healthy and stable development of the economy.
The share of institutional investors in the circulation of shares increases the urgency of the development of the domestic IT industry; on the other hand, due to the weekly and seasonal nature of the business innovation procurement rhythm, it is expected that 2023 will be the starting point for the second phase of the innovation, with the first half of the year entering politics.
The company, as the leader of its domestic office software, is expected to continue to benefit from the rapid growth of its credit industry. In 2022, the company’s corporate mandate led to a marginal improvement in its 836 million authorized operations, leading to an increase in performance throughout the year.
The Microsoft gpt Enabling Office has brought about a completely new change in the field of office, and the future wps+gpt is expected to open up new space: Microsoft released microsof365copilot on March 16, full product line access gpt, opening a new round of office revolutions that will shock the world.
This technological revolution is expected to accelerate the transformation of office software from “efficiency tools” to “production tools” and significantly improve the efficiency of organizations and individual users. Given China’s current ban on the use of foreign-related software, the i revolution will create greater commercial space for national-owned software.
To continue following the path of one, with technology in the fields of nlp, cv, and to explore aigc features such as wps smart writing, ppt script smart beautification, and hopefully follow the wps+gpt model in the future, leading the revolution in the domain of national production under the Chinese context. We believe that the future pattern of wps+gpt is expected to open.
A new growth space, on the one hand, with a simpler smart office model that will lead to an expansion of the user community, and, on the other hand, the gpt smart office, which is expected to attract free-of-charge user transfer fees, pay penetration rates, and arpu's hope for a two-way upswing.
Microsoft's Businesschat-type ai office assistant or a new product that will be a potential future layout for the company. This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not set up by individual clients. This report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.