Performance is expected to enter the new aigc era, and considering that the start-up business is expected to be at a turning point, we maintain the company ' s forecast of net return profits for 2023-2024.
• High growth in subscriptions, with a net profit of over 70 per cent, a net profit of over $1,118 million, a 7.33 per cent increase in the same year, of which q4 had a turnover of $1.09 billion in the first quarter.
Domestic personal office subscription revenue is 2.05 billion yuan, an increase of 39.91 per cent over the same year; domestic institutional subscriptions and services, Internet advertising and other business revenues of 306 million yuan, a decrease of 24.45 per cent over the same year. The total subscriptions received 2,742 million yuan, an increase of 43.45 per cent over the same year, and a return to total income of 71 per cent, an increase of 12 percentage points over the same year.
..aigc reshaping the office ecology, and the company is expected to lead industry development as a domestic leader. According to a report by TSN on 16 March, Microsoft officially announced the launch of microsft365copilot, embedding the capacity of large speech models (llms) into microsft365 applications, in Word, Excel,
The company continues to deepen the strategic layout of “many screens, clouds, content, ai, collaboration.” According to Xinhuanet on March 14, the company's ceo-Ching Won said in an interview,
The core strategic goal of the office this year is to sustain the digital transformation of enabling enterprises, with a focus on the ai area, "Performing with expectations, the business of innovation is expected to achieve more breakthroughs in technology applications, especially in aigc, to help clients better achieve a digital transformation."
In the future, with the power of aigc, the company is expected to launch more intelligent products, enhance user experience and enhance the use of "Continued upscaling of Subsistence Income, Digital Offices " .
Household sticky, which leads to higher passenger unit prices, further opens up the growth space. Platform for accelerated landing - Corporate Information Update Report. Performance meets expectations, individual subscriptions to institutions.