It is expected to continue to benefit from the trend of digital office, which is the leading office software and service provider in the country.
The main products are wpsoffice office software, documents, etc.
There has been a steady increase in performance, a strong growth base for subscriptions, and a steady landing of authorized operations on the basis of a sunk market.
Domestic institutional subscriptions and services revenue of $692 million, an increase of 55.06 per cent over the same period; domestic institutional authorizations of 71 per cent, an increase of 12 percentage points over the same period. Companies’ net profits are increasing less rapidly than operating income.
Word office trends have increased, technology and product upgrading are more demanding, and companies have increased R & D and management costs to lay the foundation for long-term development. 1) Individual subscriptions have been on the rise, and users have become more sticky.
The number of monthly active equipment for the company ' s main product has continued to grow in reverse: as at 31 December 2022, the number of monthly active equipment for the company ' s main product was 573 million, an increase of 5.33 per cent over the same period. Its medium-sized wpsofficepc version of the monthly active equipment was 242 million, an increase of 10.50 per cent over the same period; and wpsoffice
Mobile versions of monthly active equipment amount to 328 million, an increase of 2.18 per cent over the same period. As of 31 December 2022, up to 5.23 per cent.
The short-term growth in total equity/flowa shares (millions of shares) has led to the development of user habits and the opening of market space for the company ' s online business. 2) Digital office products meet the digital office needs of different clients, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from the digital office trend
During the reporting period, the company’s digital office platform (cloud and collaborative products) saw a 57 per cent increase in revenue over the same period, with 3990 new government clients added to the digital office product year-round, leading to a high rate of growth in subscriptions and service lines for domestic institutions. Companies responded to the government industry’s demand for regulation, efficient use, and long-term preservation of electronic correspondence.
Introduction of the e-publicity library product to help party-organic clients build the e-publicity library platform; Targeting of head business clients with modular digital office enabling services and development of special solutions for clients in different sectors to help companies achieve efficiency gains; digital equity in the public cloud market
Different step-by-step versions of the whole set of products guide clients to high-frequency cloud use and collaborative applications, with publicly owned Yunsaas increasing 51 per cent over the years, paying companies continuing with more than 70 per cent, with a rate of 100 per cent renewal, and generating more than 100 per cent growth in public cloud-related income.
It is hoped that the company will continue to benefit from the digital office trend as a leader in office software, with full technological autonomy, industry case and experience, and a high degree of customer stickyness. 3) The market has landed steadily in the context of the down-swinging of the layout, focusing on the user’s experience of actively shrinking the advertising side of the Internet.
In response to the transition from party to industry in the IT market, the company is closely following policy changes in the IT field and research assistant Jang Young-ja.
Client demand, pre-positioning of sunk markets and business start-up operations everywhere; continued growth in corporate product procurement by institutional clients due to demand for regularization, partially offset by a contraction in letter-making orders during the reporting period, country s14812107050
The source of financial growth in the East is the continuous adaptation of the Internet advertising business, with Internet advertising and other businesses earning about $306 million, a decline of about 24% from the same year.
Digital office is one of the most important sites for a person’s ability, and companies are expected to open up new business spaces for years. Recent artificial intelligence-related applications are widely marketed, and chhatgpt is shown in text, images, etc.
It is now excellent to superimpose Microsoft's microsof365copilot subscription service, which is expected to significantly improve office efficiency and open up the development space for ai-enhanced digital office landscapes.
There is a technological build-up in the area of sound (voice interaction, etc.) that promises to empower its products and digital platforms in the future, to provide clients with more intelligent office experience and to further open up business development space. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: firm subscriptions are growing steadily, customers are sticky and arpu are not worth much.
In the future, there is a trend towards digital office, with a clear edge in corporate technology, products, and customer resources, and a strong technological reserve, which is expected to continue to benefit from it. Not 104, 80, and 65 times more.
Kim Shan Office (688111): a steady increase in performance, with the prospect of continuing to benefit from digital office trends, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation report Office in Kim Shan (688111): a steady increase in performance and expected continued beneficiary digital office trends
Jang Youngja, Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, 2021, joined the Eung Xing Securities. In 2021, the Quantico Quantico Quantico was the researcher's opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.