Computer group c end base is robust, b end subscriber is active 1. Kimsan Office: c end user negative growth, b end subscription is fast
c End base is robust and monthly active equipment numbers are increasing in reverse. Global pc and cellular loads, 2023.2.25 The monthly active equipment of companies grew in reverse to 573 million, compared to the same rate.
In-depth study of the Kimsan Office: National Product Office software taps, subscriptions and 5.33% length, with 29.97 million users paid, an increase of 18.12% over the same period.
In December 2022, the number of company cloud files exceeded 175.2 billion, an increase of 35 per cent over the same year. The overall share of income was about 52.8 per cent, with an increase of about 8 pct, the end of which is still the company’s base plate.
During the reporting period, company end-of-end subscriptions generated revenues of about $692 million, an increase of 55.06 per cent over the same period, and the company digital office platform was able to provide flexible assembly capacity, with both files and collaboration giving it an open ecology, which was in line with the digital transition needs of company downstream clients.
In 2022, corporate digital office platform-related revenues grew by 57% over the year, with 3990 new government clients added to the word office product year-round, driving b-subscription fast-disbursing.
836 million yuan, a decrease of about 13.18 per cent in the same year. “Bi-subscription” has increased, and corporate value space is expected to increase in the context of office software intelligence.
C-end subscriptions are growing robustly, and the digital office platform provides strong support for the B-end business model to move from authorization to subscription.
A billion, or 14.6 billion, of photos processed by ocr, or 2.37 million active monthly users of smart beautification functions, are expected to increase significantly in corporate value space in the context of a product-smart transition. Co-opting the office market has become more competitive, double-subscription has not changed as expected, and sales-restricted shares have been released.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market