Computer software development Continued growth in subscriptions 18.44 per cent long-term growth driven by letter-and-ai; net profit return of $1,118 million, a 7.33 per cent increase over the same period; net repatriation after deduction
In-country personal office service subscriptions generated $2.05 billion, an increase of 39.91 per cent over the same period, and companies promoted user transformation by continuously upgrading their personal product use experience, increasing user stickyness, achieving a sustained growth of user fees. Optimizing the fee-paying membership structure, improving the quality of payments made by members, and pushing
Income from subscriptions to personal office services in the country increased by $692 million, or 55.06 per cent, from total equity/flow (millions of shares) of subscriptions and services to domestic institutions.
The Division provides in-depth services to the digital transformation of the office of domestic government and business clients to meet their needs for efficiency enhancement, data management up to 12 months/minimum (moderate) administration, security control, industry landscape application, etc., and to sustain the integration and coordination of political and business enterprises
Business processes. Growing revenues from company digital office platform products, driving domestic agency bookings (688111) " Keeping subscriptions up and promising to benefit from the continued advancement of the IT initiative "
Domestic agencies authorized revenue from their operations of $836 million, a decrease of 13.18 per cent. Close corporate relations and continued growth in corporate product purchases by corporate clients due to demand for formalization offset the continued increase in the number of letters and the acceleration of institutional subscriptions.
Part of the impact of the contraction of orders has been a slight overall decline, with user experiences being the focus of efforts to reduce interference with users, to continue to optimize the Internet advertising industry, to continue to increase, and to accelerate the process of institutional sub-subscription.
During the same period, the company’s overseas operations grew steadily, the user base continued to grow, the number of monthly active devices for major products and the number of cumulatively paid users increased steadily, leading to an increase in subscriptions among domestic individuals. In 2022, the number of monthly active devices for the company’s main product was 573 million.
This represents an increase of 5.33% over the same period. Of these, the wpsofficepc version has a monthly active equipment of $242 million, an increase of 10.5% over the same period; the wpsoffice mobile version has a monthly active equipment of 328 million, a higher rate of renewal and an overlap in the area of letter creation, which has led to an increase in domestic institutional subscriptions.
In 2022, the number of publicly owned Yunsaas paying increased by 51 per cent from year to year, the rate of renewal of the payers was over 70 per cent, the rate of renewal was over 100 per cent, the revenue associated with the publicly owned cloud area was driven by the same growth rate, the subscription business continued to grow, and the start-up was driven by long-term development.
100%. The company has been actively involved in the financial-industry innovation pilot, completed and passed the financial-initiative eco-laboratory fit-out, and obtained the unanimous approval of clients such as one-stop shops, stock exchanges, banks, insurance, bond dealers, etc.: and is in the midst of multiple customer projects represented by large banks.
On top of the letter-to-column documentation project, in the wpsoffice end product, the corporate-to-end version was accepted by the client, with a 100% acceptance pass rate. Continuous investment around aigc, artificial intelligence provides a wider space.
The document image recognition and understanding, document conversion technology developed by the company itself has reached a national lead, and Ocr and machine translation technology are ranked in the country's first echelon. In the direction of document proofing, the two-engine integration of the office and black horse calibration has been achieved, becoming the Chinese proofreading field.
The future of artificial intelligence is expected to provide more space for companies. Investment advice: the company is a leader in domestic office software, benefiting from high growth dividends in the industry in the face of cloud office trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report