Trailingbuy inter-district operation How's the extra 2022 performance?
This represents an increase of 12.3 per cent in the same quarter of the same year, which represents a 20 per cent increase in the same year; a net return of $310 million to the mother, which represents an increase of 57.9 per cent in the same year; and a net gain of $200 million to the non-return to the mother, which represents an increase of 104 per cent in the same year, which is in line with the expected period, but in view of the relatively rapid increase in the value of the company's shares in the past, we have been downgraded to “inter-zone operations” in view of the relatively rapid increase in the short term.
Net non-mortality profits increased by 104 per cent and, with the impact of the national epidemic, corporate revenue continued to increase at a significant rate during the first three quarters, with a significant increase in profitability, mainly expected to result from the growth in institutional/individual subscriptions.
Corporate subscriptions increased slightly faster than expected, and individual subscriptions maintained high growth: in 2022, companies served in depth, home affairs clients digitized office transformation, advancing the process of integration and collaboration between government and business enterprises, and institutional subscriptions generated $692 million a year-on-year, a 55 per cent increase, with q4 having increased on a year-on-year basis.
70 per cent longer than previously anticipated, showing strong business attributes against outbreak interference; personal subscriptions, product combinations, business aspects, Wps individual user base continued to grow and individual subscriptions were achieved throughout the year
High growth. We believe that, given the gradual erosion of the impact of the epidemic and the relatively high base of Internet advertising services over the last two years, the growth of future "personal plus agency" subscriptions may slow down.
Corporate investors as a share of the flow of a share The external environment is uncertain, and the innovation industry is expected to recover fully in 2023: China's national critical information infrastructure in the context of further upgrading of United States export controls
A reliable supply of goods, such as hardware and software, has become an important guarantee for the healthy and stable development of the economy, thus raising the urgency of the development of the domestic innovation industry; on the other hand, due to the cyclical and seasonal nature of the entrepreneurship of the government, the year 2023 is expected to be the starting point for the second phase of the IT revolution.
Six months into a policy-intensive period, the start-up business is expected to return rapidly. The company, as a domestic office leader, is expected to continue to benefit from the rapid growth of the IT industry. In 2022, the company authorized the business to collect $836 million, a 13% drop from the previous year, and we believe that the start-up industry was warming back in 2023.
In a broader context, corporate corporate corporate mandates are expected to improve marginally, leading to year-round performance growth. Keeping up with the broad strategic direction of “Cloud and Collaboration” and occupying the important ecological position of the digital economy: the country is now making a major push for the development of the digital economy, and the transformation of the business “digitized plus cloud” is a major trend, compounding the epidemic.
As a result, the "Cloud Office" model has become more widely available. This has led to the rapid expansion of the company's digital office platform, with 1838 new service providers in the first half of the year, promoting the digital office platform's revenue growth of 51% in the same year, and is well known for the multi-terrestrial political organs, large and well-known state corporate clients and multi-industry.
Private clients provide a solution to the digital transformation of the Cloud Office. We believe that the company’s cloud and compact strategy has yielded positive results, and that, given the trend towards digital economic development, the company is expected to grow significantly as a champion of office software.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.