The company published a bulletin on the company's data on the company's wine business. According to the company's preliminary accounting, revenue from the company's liquor and tax sales broke out by $100 billion this year on November 21, 2022.
From 1 January to 21 November, the company realized $89,408 million in revenue from the sale of Mautai wine (with tax revenues), and the company's collection of Mau Chai wine has passed hundreds of billions of dollars, demonstrating resilience. Since this year, although the epidemic has been repeated in some parts of the country, consumption scenes such as the White Wine Dinner have been hit by a certain shock, but it is represented by flying skyscrapers.
With the relatively limited impact of the epidemic on the influence of its powerful branding, the smooth advancement of the i-pot power lines, and the steady growth of the company ' s kow-pot harvests, the resilience of which is evident.
Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn from 1 January to 21 November 2022, the company achieved $89,408 million (including the goal of 1935 for the huts, the series is expected to grow in a flexible manner).
In the meantime, the production structure continues to be optimized. Of these, the 1935 has contributed to the growth of the series, which has led to a faster growth in the company's liquor collection. In recent days, the data released by the Secretariat indicate that the sales target of 1935 for the current year has been completed in the first three quarters.
In all, four quarters of the quota is limited, and the supply is expected to continue. Depending on the price of the product, the price of 1935 tons in the hut is about four times the average tonnage of last year’s series, and the development of the series will make an incremental contribution to the company’s performance.
Corporate channels reform continues to optimize. In recent years, companies have continued to reform their channels, optimise the distribution structure, vigorously develop their direct lines, and have achieved rapid growth in their direct revenues. This year’s i-substantiation led to further optimization of the company’s channel structure. As of 8 July, the i-substance went live on a trial basis.
By 100 days, the number of registered users had reached 19 million, and the liquor product had been collected at $4.6 billion. On October 2, the I-Koutata officials issued a tweet stating that the I-Koutya appointment offer had covered more than 1700 shops in 31 provincial districts throughout the country.
At home, underline sales outlets have received more than 5.7 million people. The successful operation of the kiosks has accelerated the process of reforming the company’s channels, and the channel structure continues to be optimized.
At the same time, the company’s strategy is clear, the channel structure continues to be optimized, and the i-pot is expected to increase the company’s performance. Together with the release of capacity, there is room for further increases in the company’s volume price.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification in securities investment advice or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.