Events: the company ' s third board of directors, at its thirteenth session in 2022, decided to invest approximately 15,516 million yuan in the construction of the Guizhou hut (600,519)
Construction of a "145" technological improvement project with a 48-month construction cycle, with a project location in the villages of Taiping and China in the town of Maotai, planning for the construction of 68 liquor mills, 10 curry mills, 69 liquor depots and their associated ancillary facilities, which will allow the addition of a new mahogany with an actual capacity of approximately 1980,000 tons/year and storage capacity
In 2021, the company produced 5.65 million tons of wine, 198,000 tons of actual production from this 1450 technology improvement project were delivered after delivery, and at least 47.4 billion yuan in long-term camps were produced at the cost of direct sales.
Contributions. According to the company's previous announcements, the 13th Five-Year Technology Reform Project was fully completed in September 2020, and the years 2018 and 2021 were the year of the release of the Mautai wine production, with an additional 7 thousand tons (+16.0%) and 6 thousand tons (+12.4%) respectively for the same year.
The construction cycle is 48 months, taking into account the progress of the 13th Five-Year Technology Reform Project in its two-year period, which we expect to be the first 5%. As can be seen, the logic of the pottery at the end of the supply continues to be strong, and performance rises in time. With a high degree of strategic freedom to iron the industry cycle.
\triangleright has shown flexibility on the same specifications and through different channels, including price increases on the non-marked cores of the \twilight, 1935, 100 ml, i-twig-drive
In addition to the company’s own strategic freedom, the channels are also more closely aligned with the consumer’s needs.
In our view, these reflect the firm's high degree of strategic freedom to hedge against the cycle and constantly outpace market expectations. On a 10-year scale, we expect the mahogany to be well-run and expanded.
There's still room for a doubling of potential sales, and there's some room for upwards in prices, adding product structures to the structure of the product.
Short-term industry restructuring is more likely to be a bottom-of-the-shelf opportunity. Sinda Securities Inc. Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics; this technology transformation project is progressing.
In Beijing, itd has a food and beverage team based on senior industrialists and top-level students.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda”) has the CSRC-registered qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.