The company issued an announcement of the resolution of the third Board of Directors at its thirteenth session, in 2022, which considered the adoption of the bill on investment in the construction of the "14th Five-Year Technical Reform Project" on the construction of the Mautai.
It was decided that the company would invest approximately $15.516 billion in the construction of the "14th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F4-F4-Five-F4 project project project project project project project project project project.T project.
For 48 months, the project will be funded by the company itself. The project will be located in Tai Ping and China Villages in the town of Maotai, with plans for the construction of 68 wine-making houses, 10 curry-making houses, 69 wine-stores and 69 s0340120120013.
The company currently produces 56,000 tons of alcohol, if the project goes well with Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn
Lei has built a new room for growth in the production of Maotai wine, which is expected to produce close to 76,000 tons of wine, leading to growth in corporate performance. Mautai wine shows resilience, and a series of wines is expected to grow more resiliently.
On December 14th, 2022, the situation was relatively limited.
In January 1st, 2022, and November 21st, the Maotai liquor store was destroyed by hundreds of millions of dollars. Meanwhile, the company continues to optimize the series of wines while keeping the wines in place. The marketing target for Maotai for this year was completed in the first three quarters, with a limited quota for four quarters.
According to the price of the product, the price of the huts is about four times the average price of last year’s series of wines, and it is expected that the development of the series will increase the company’s performance.
It is proposed to implement a special dividend for shareholders in 2022 and to discover a gold dividend of $21.91 (including taxes) to all shareholders. In addition, the company’s shareholders Maotai Group and Maotai Technology Development are limited to the company’s plans to increase the company’s shares by taking advantage of the cash dividends from the company’s special dividends.
As a leader in the white wine industry, the firm's certainty is high, and the firm's resilience is evident. At the same time, the company's strategy is clear, with a two-wheel drive of the company's past and series of wines.
Indeed, the channel structure continues to be optimized, and i-potium is expected to boost the company’s performance. With the release of capacity, there is scope for further increases in the company’s volume price.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.