The consortium and TCI intend to increase ownership of the joint stock company through a centralized competitive exchange, without the next price range, and, out of confidence in the company ' s long-term development, promote voluntary ownership by other shareholders using the funds generated by this transfer to further support the firm ' s long-term stability.
This increase is eight times higher. At current stock prices, the Maotai Group + TAC
At the beginning of the year, there has been a 26% decline in market prices.
Taking into account the environment and the price performance of recent years, the current prices are still in the normal zone; the overall channel, about 0.5 m, is slightly higher than last year, is low in the industry, and the channels are good.
(b) Quarterly reviews: the actual statements are of good quality, with an expected annual income of over 10 billion;) 1935 to date, over $4.2 billion, compared to the previous three quarters
“Kotai, Guizhou” (600519), January-September. Mainly: Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Long-Term Trends in the General Environment, Influence, Slow Recovery. Business Data Point Review: Steady Progress, Development.
The preferred white plate + valuation value + still has a large margin of profit, the channel chart is good, the valuation has a long-term strong margin of security, and the confidence of the shareholders is higher,1 and the company intends to implement a special bonus of $21.91 per share.
2. Special purpose of the dividends: first, the need for sustained, stable and healthy company development; second, the need for greater cash dividends to boost market confidence while ensuring that the company ' s normal operations and long-term development are not affected; and third, positive returns. Shareholders, sharing the dividends of corporate development with shareholders, and enhancing the sense of access to a wide range of shareholders
1.2. Increase in holdings (also collating past performances), 1, Maotai Group, and Mao Tai Kai Corporation plan to increase the stock of the company by using a special red pool bid from the company 2. As of the date of disclosure of the present bulletin, Mao Dai Group Corporation held 678,291,955 shares of the company ' s stock, accounting for the company ' s total equity stock
54.00 per cent; Maotai Technology Development Corporation held 27,812,088 shares, or 2.21 per cent of the company ' s total stock.3 The proposed increase in shares is based on a centralized bid, and no increase in the price range is envisaged at this time.
In addition, several board decisions have been added, the scope of major investment matters has been changed from “investments other than main business” to “other investment” etc. 1) The group and TAC are to increase their ownership of the joint stock company through centralized competitive transactions and are not at present.
Prior to this increase, the Maotai group held 54% of the total equity of the company, and the Maotai technology company held a voluntary increase in its share capital to further support the company’s long-term, stable and healthy development.
The epidemic has been under constant pressure since the beginning of the year, with a much larger return. This year, the epidemic has been over-anticipated, consumption has been under pressure, the spread of the epidemic has increased in recent times, and regional policies have become more stringent. Shanghai has been denied access to some public places for less than five days since November 24th.
In terms of batch prices, the dump bottle 2600-27000, the whole box 2900-3000, a decline of $100-200 from the beginning of the year, taking into account the environment and the prices of recent years.
It shows that the current prices are still in the normal zone; the overall pipeline is about 0.5 m, slightly higher than last year, and that it has reached a high level of certainty in promoting a new venture in the high-quality and powerful Maoist industry: (a) as of 21 November, the company had collected $89,408 million in non-tax-free liquor and was still in regular deliveries in November-December; and (b) I had full annual income.
Over $10 billion; 3) 1935 to date over $4.2 billion, with revenue from the previous three quarters of $12.5 billion/+31 per cent of the liquor series, and I forecast profit: the general environment is on a long-term positive trend, with a weak marketing and slow recovery process leading to a positive + valorized value for the white plate, with a still large profit contribution, a good channel and a long-term strong security margin.
Three major financial forecasting tables in Maotai, Guizhou, have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.