The first three quarters of steady growth to achieve the year-round goal is well-defined.
In the first three quarters, profits increased in both ways, and i-kook continued to grow at a high rate.
In terms of products, the income from the main channel was $7.440 billion, representing 63.33% of the income from white wine. Direct sales: $31.882 billion, representing 36.67% of the income from direct sales, increased by 36.39% in the first half of the year.
0.28 pcts, of which i-tao achieved tax-free revenue of $8.462 billion, continuing its high growth.
Distributors. The distribution ring ratio has not changed much, and the distribution system has stabilized. Liquor yields $24,435 million, an increase of 10.85 per cent in the same year, and wine series, an increase of $4,942 million, an increase of 42.04 per cent in the same year.
Research has shown that the distributor's October quota has been paid up since the Fourth of July, and delivery is expected to take place around mid-October, with a full year's assignment expected to be completed by the end of November.
The drop in prices continues to be around $2,700, reflecting the relative rigidity of demand. The release of non-supplier platforms such as Shaw, together with the incremental contribution of i-suppliers, helped companies to maintain steady growth in their revenues in the first three quarters.
The Māori rate has risen steadily and profitability is expected to increase continuously. The 22q1-3 Māori rate and net profit distributors remain more motivated and advance payments remain at the same pace.
With continuous optimization, improved product structure, and direct distribution channel reforms, corporate profitability is expected to increase, brand moats provide security, long-term logic still exists. The company’s future value growth comes mainly from \triangleright
On the one hand, the growing brand power, the steady performance of the low-end batch prices are enough to show that the supply-demand relationship remains unchanged, and the brand moat enhances the company’s resilience to risk; on the other hand, the reform of the channel leads to an increase in the price and control of the channel; and on the other hand, the increase in the price of the ton resulting from the structural upgrading. We look at the value of companies’ long-term investments, the market.
Changes in the environment, a fall in corporate valuations, provide medium- and long-term layout opportunities. \triangleright’s recurrent epidemic has seen less than expected performance growth, reforms have not advanced as expected, and industry competition has intensified
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.