Food and beverages, faith in the reverse, bottom-of-the-ground security, in terms of dimension: 1) corporate q3 performance is on the ground, income and profit levels are maintained.
The mid-term quota has stabilized, short-term supply and demand mismatches have been eliminated, and the price of the scattered vials/package has now risen to around $2,7003,000, and the stock has remained low for one month. On this basis, we believe that the BD’s growth in medium- and high-digit doubles still has a basic face support, and opening doors will not be overly pessimistic in the coming year.
1. " Performance on Quality, multidimensional reforms continue to move forward this year, one year of continuous acceleration of reform at the huts: 1) from the beginning of the year, when the group marketing company changed to a three-year review of the 3-year report at the Kyotai. "
The integration of the company ' s alcohol business with corporate governance is steadily increasing, with minority shareholder gains and losses showing a marked decline in comparison with last year; 2) i-tao has been officially on the line and is gradually playing a pivotal role, with 2.
Three generations of exclusive stores are gradually being opened, and reform of the channel system is progressing steadily; (3) For companies, the performance of the top 22-q3 performance forecast in Guizhou has been evaluated, with a strong profit stream being a moat for future robust performance, with no room for bargaining in the industry.
After the festival, we look at the continued net outflow of Hong Kong's funds, but we feel the pressure of concentrated sales 3. "Performance is steady, brands are falling apart -- the threshold has passed.
4. In the summer, Idochi contributed to the culture of Guozhou, which accumulated a net outflow of 148.5 billion. Overall, we believe that the current market is fundamentally concerned about expectations of the market’s marketing or demand, and that the past cycle has seen a poo cycle.
After a short recovery, the current pe-ttm is about 31x, at the bottom of the valuation for almost three years, and for nearly five years, the premium on the characterization pole has shifted upwards, and the current valuation has already achieved a higher value for money.
Liu Xingxing Policy risks, macroeconomic downside risks, recurrent risk of an epidemic, food safety issues.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment