On 29 December 2022, Maotai, Guizhou published its 2022 production operations.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Lived a steady four-quarter growth, with a series of excellent wine performances of around 568 tons of puppies and about 35,000 tons of wine at the end of 2022.
In 2022, a total of 127.2 billion yuan (of which 10.7 billion yuan is the same increase) was expected, with a steady growth in performance as ever, a series of wines with i-pots and 1935 puppies, and a continuous expansion of i-potent users.
During the previous period, the company was able to produce about 198,000 tons of new puppies and 847 million tons of wine storage capacity, through the 1455 technology improvement project, which was built in 2026 for 76,000 tons of pow puppies, corresponding to 2031 for pow puppies.
As of December 15, the number of registered users in iMato Station has broken 30 million. Since the first day of the trial, the average number of users per day has been over 3 million, nearly 4 million live users per day, and the cumulative number of appointments has been close to 1.9 billion.
• The macroeconomic downside risk, the epidemic drags consumption, output expands faster than expected, and it's straight.
The Food Beverage Group introduced Sunshan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.