Direct sales were close to 40%, a series of alcohol growth, robust growth, and higher profits. 22q3, the company achieved a gross operating income of $30,342 million, an increase of $1 billion, an increase of 15.81%, consistent with previous announcements. 22q3, the company's Māori.
At the end of the season, the company had a book contract of $11,837 million, the ring ratio of $2,268 million, which was mainly a three-quarter slowdown in the company’s delivery rate. The stable flow of mahogany and an increase in the volume of 1935-leading wines. 22q3, the sum of 24,435 million.
\triangleright is the driver of the \thirties 1935, and the revenue from the first three quarters of the series has been at the same level as last year. According to the daily requisition data published by itau, we have calculated that 22q2/q3 are on ithopaedic.
About 970,000 bottles/95 million bottles of low-rise 1935 products, totalling about 855 tons, with tax sales of about 1,150 million yuan and 100 billion yuan. We expect that about 1.25 million tons of low-rise 1935 products will be delivered in the year, or half of the year's total.
It will contribute about $5 billion in taxed sales and 30% of the annual revenue of the series of wines. Direct sales will remain high, i-pots will contribute more than 40%. 22q3, direct sales channels will generate $10.93 billion, \triangleright
From the i-Mato line to the end of the reporting period, the platform achieved a non-taxable income of $8.462 billion for alcohol, representing 40.3 per cent of direct sales revenue of q2 + q3, and based on daily requisitions published by i-Mao, we counted the i-Pok station (600519).
The 22q2/q3 company has each placed on the i-kup platform a total of approximately 4.6 billion yuan/4.2 billion yuan in tax-bearing baboon, rare items, 1935 poo-hyeong, and a gift box, contributing most of the i-kook revenue.
Kodak, Guizhou (600519), marketing, risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurrent outbreaks
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City, studied the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen, China.
The research focused on breaking through the industry and the shares, focusing on valuation and marginal thinking about safety. The components are not, are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly, related to the specific analysis or viewpoints in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.