Food and beverages in Guozhou (600519) The direct distribution channel continues to be well-performing, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is well-performing.
Events: The company issued its third quarter report in 2022, which generated revenue of $87.2 billion in the first three quarters, compared with +16.8 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $44.4 billion for mothers, compared with +19.1 per cent for mothers; of which single q3 generated $29.5 billion, the Qur'an alcohol growth ring was slower, the series grew faster, and direct sales continued to rise.
In the first three quarters, 74.4 billion yuan, or 14.5 per cent, was collected, of which 24.4 billion yuan, or the same amount, was collected in 3 camps, or 31.5 per cent, of which $4.94 billion, or +42 per cent, was collected in the single q3 series. During the two-week period, there was an increase in the drop of 1935 on the hut table, which led to an acceleration in the growth of the series.
At the end of the third quarter, the number of domestic distributors was 2,084, the number of rings was equal to q2, and the distribution system remained stable. Tax payments had an impact on profits and cash flows were stable.
Up to 91.6 per cent, mainly benefiting from structural upgrades and outright sales, which led to an increase in tonnage prices. The single q3 sales cost rate was raised. In addition, single q3 sales received +19.6 per cent of the same year, and cash flows remained healthy and stable; contract liabilities at the end of the third quarter were 118.40 million yuan, ring + 22.4 per cent, same year + 29.6 per cent, and q4 had a robust growth surplus.
During the course of the year, with good management of the epidemic, economic and consumer confidence is expected to recover steadily, adding to the state’s steady progress towards the resumption of work, the q4 ring border mark is in danger and short-term performance is high. In the medium- and long-term, companies advocate “American times, American life.”
Sticking to the Five-line Development Paths and the Five-Pulse Marketing Act, actively promoting marketing reform, stepping up reforms, and pursuing the right time. The current product matrix has a lot of flowering, market-oriented reforms have been very effective, medium- and long-term expansion of productive capacity is expected to be clear, and long-term growth has been robust.
The dividends continue to be released, robustly growing and resilient, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The 22-year growth acceleration (2022-04-01) does not, and will not, receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.