q3 performed well, and channel reform progressed steadily.
The consumer scene was hit with a certain amount of certainty, but the products represented by the sky were folded and the huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn +i poo platform was steadily moving forward, companies were limited by the epidemic, and sales maintained good water.
Ping, q3 showed a steady growth in performance. 2022q3, the company is expected to achieve a total operating income of 303.41, the product structure continues to be optimized, and the base alcohol production is steadily released. By sub-products, the company continues to optimize the product structure while the bottle is being stubbleded.
In terms of production capacity, it has benefited from the full completion of the 13th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly.
Production of 4.25 million tons, an increase of 12.43 per cent over the same period; production of 1.7 million tons of alcohol for the completion of the series, and, in addition, on 2 October, the I-Kouttai officials issued a punctuation stating that six months ago, I-Kouthi applied for purchase, covering more than 1700 shops in the country's 31 provincial districts, providing offline delivery services.
At home, there are over 5.7 million people hosted by the underline sales outlets. The successful operation of the i-pots has accelerated, with the corresponding values being 35 and 30 times as high. As a leader in the white wine industry, the company is less affected by the epidemic, with high certainty, and 2022q3 performances have grown steadily.
The strategy is clear with the two-wheel drive of the wine series, the channel structure continues to be optimized, and the ipot is expected to increase the performance of the public sector. With the release of capacity, there is room for further increases in company prices.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.