Incident: Preliminary accounting, in 2022, the company produced about 568 million tons of gin and alcohol, and about 35.5 million tons of gin. Total business income is expected to be about 127.2 billion yuan, of which the gin is expected to perform as expected, with perfect year-round withdrawals. The company expects a total of 127.2 billion yuan left in 22 years.
Around billions of dollars, the same year +19.33%, meets expectations. By category, the income from the market is around +17%, the ring is about 3.2 billion yuan, or +3%, and the main product is control 1935.
In the case of the puppies, the sales are expected to continue at the same rate (17 pct higher in the previous 3-q direct sales compared to the same year); in the case of the series of wines, the sum of 4.2 billion yuan was collected at the 1935th Battalion, the price of the whole series was raised, and the economy was under pressure.
The rest of the liquor series has lost about 10% of its income this year. Overall, companies have been able to keep their monthly cash returns on strong brand power throughout the year, keeping their stock low for less than a month, and keeping their channels healthy.
With an average of 50,000 tons of production per year, the growth period will continue next year; at the same time, the company is actively pushing for market reform, i.e. running more than 10 billion dollars a year, and the distributor's third-generation special store will have basically installed by the end of the year.
It's finished, and it's expected to be connected to the i-kup, and it's going to be more online. The price of the long-term i-kup is still much more of a way to adjust the price system under brand-backed, market-based reforms.
With the price dividend, the present in vitro profits are still very high.  Production ends are expanding, and targets are gradually being achieved.
The proposal for the construction of a "14th Five-Year" technological improvement project, which can be updated once it has been completed, will be evaluated in the quarterly report: the actual quality of the statements is good, the actual capacity for production is increased by about 198,000 tonnes/year, and the actual capacity for production of the wine is expected from 56,000 tonnes.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the general environment has been changing for a long time, with a large profit contribution from Mao Dai, and Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board