22 years of successful admission, high-quality growth.
The company’s q4 performance shows resilience, with a smooth year-round closure. After preliminary accounting by the company, the target for the year 2022 is expected to be successfully met by Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn.
Consumption at the end is still weak and consumption scenes, such as the White Wine dinner, have suffered a certain shock, but the company has been able to achieve a steady increase in q4 performance, based on the relatively limited impact of the epidemic on the company ' s powerful branding influence, and the smooth build-up of i-pot power lines. 2022q4, the company is expected to achieve a total business gain.
At the firm’s steady growth in 2022, the company continued to expand its series of wine layouts to optimize the structure of the series. In the company’s series of wines, the table 1935 showed a remarkable performance this year. Depending on the product price, the price of the table is about 1935 tons.
In 2022, production capacity is expected to release steadily. In 2022, the company produced about 568 tons of gin on the pow, and the same division issued an announcement to invest approximately $15.516 billion in the construction of the 14th Five-Year Powder project.
If the project is successfully completed, the company will have an additional capacity of about 1980,000 tons of wine, which is expected to yield close to 76,000 tons of alcohol per year, which in turn will be 34 and 30 times the value of the pe, respectively.
At the same time, the company’s strategy, driven by two wheels of wine and a series of wine, is clear that the channel structure continues to be optimized, and i-pot is expected to increase the company’s performance. With the release of productive capacity, there is room for further price increases.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification in securities investment advice or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.