Guo Dai food beverages are strong and resilient, and the year-round goal is to complete the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Incident: Corporate disclosure of major business data for January-September 2022, with total business income expected to be $898 billion in the first three quarters, or around +16.5 per cent, and net profit to the mother of $44.4 billion, or around +19.1 per cent; single-time business performance and robust growth. In the context of the outbreak of the domestic epidemic, the company continues to be robust.
The business situation, the smooth sale of the two seasons, the smooth running of the pup and the series of wines, the healthy stock of channels; the mid-and-late season, the small fall in prices, and the current flat rate of the spread bottle, which stands at around $2730, shows a strong need for resilience. By product, the demand for the three quarters of the season is expected to remain stable, the company increases the number of wines, raw Xiaos, and so on.
The product structure continues to move upwards and leads to a steady increase in tonnage; the series of liquor channels are pushing hard and are expected to continue to grow at a relatively fast pace, despite their strong competitive edge in competition for the same price. On the channel, the three-quarter i-deep digital marketing platform continues to provide good feedback, leading to a steady increase in the share of direct sales.
• Enhancing consumer growth and branding influence. The company identified the development context of the 2022 reform of the "Step Up" at the hut. Under the guidance of the "Five Lines" and the "Five Lines of Development" the company has been very active in events, marketing activities, strengthening consumer growth, and continuously expanding brand influence.
(b) In the second half of the year, the company launched the third generation of Maotai special stores and built a immersion and experiential cultural scenes, such as the Chinese City of Liquor and Culture, “Mood House” and “Team Street” and “Machweeds” to enrich consumers' cultural experiences.
During the course of the year, with good management of the epidemic, economic and consumer confidence is expected to recover steadily, adding to the state’s steady progress towards the resumption of work, the q4 ring border mark is in danger and short-term performance is high. In the medium- and long-term, companies advocate “American times, American life.”
Insistence on the “Five Lines of Development” and “Five Lines of Marketing” is an active push to reform the marketing system, and step-by-step reform is taking place in the right time. The current product matrix has a lot of flowering, market-oriented reforms have been very effective, medium- and long-term productive capacity has expanded, and expectations are clear, and long lines have grown.
The movement continues to fall, looking forward to the company’s continued growth, maintaining its “buy-in” rating.Fair, deepening the reform front (2022-07-22).
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.