Events: Corporate announcement that total operating income is expected to be about $89,785 million between January and September, a year-on-year increase of 15 per cent of the single-quarter growth rate in Kotai, Guizhou (600,519). 22q3, the company is expected to achieve total operating income.
It's not too difficult to achieve business goals around \triangleright, and we expect to be overachieving. Events are often marketed, branding is growing.
\triangleright has continued to expand brand influence through the marketing of events. From 22 August to 4 September, the company carried out 348 market activities in 25 provinces and districts, including pushing down the i-pot.
According to the media, from 8 to 14 September, the Maoutata Liquor Company featured a "Light Show + City Landmark" marketing show in 13 cities across the country.
In 25 provinces and districts, a further 302 market events took place, in the form of autumn gas-saving event, a trade union, a parchment festival, etc. All of these show that companies are promoting the development of the purple-line road through systems, products, events, scenes, etc., so that more and more people can learn about the beauty of the pagoda culture.
The i-tao station speeds up contact with the end user. i-tao officials show that for six months, i-tao app pre-required \triangleright has covered 31 provincial districts of the country, with a number of shops offering offline delivery services.
More than 1700 underline sales outlets have received over 5.7 million people. And, with the upgrading of the third-generation special stores, the shop terminals are more focused on integrating the cultural elements of the huts, providing higher quality services to consumers. In addition, the online distribution and underline shops of the hut ice cream are expanding.
As of 30 September, a total of 17 flagship shops had been opened throughout the country, opening online marketing services in most parts of the country, continuing to reach young consumers and creating new consumer demand.
New supply in Guizhou (600519) Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics
In the name of the United States, it's like, "Cinstasecuritiesco., ltd."
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, was a researcher on the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen, China. In 2015, he entered the country with sales + research experience, and in 2020 he formed a food and beverage team. The research focused on breaking through the industry and the various units.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or viewpoints in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the CSRC-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.