On October 16, the company disclosed three quarterly reports. Gross operating income for the first three quarters was $89,790 million, compared to the previous three quarters.
+16.5 per cent; net profit to mothers of 44.4 billion yuan, compared with 19.1 per cent; of this, total operating income was achieved in the three quarters alone.
Four hundred and forty million yuan, corresponding to the ratio +42.0%, and channel feedback 1935 clearly released. For the weaker rate of growth or difference in the speed of delivery, watch: 1) Contract by the end of the three-quarters.
At the level of the gold stream, sales were raised by 19.6 per cent in the same year for the three quarters alone. 2. “Performance is steady and brands are in the vanguard.” At the level of the channel, direct sales channels collected $10.93 billion in the three quarters alone, i.e. +111.0 per cent; and distribution channels +111.0 per cent.
In addition, i-tao wines 3. "I-tao-tao culture -- Guizhou" accumulated $8.46 billion in tax-free camps, $4.05 billion in tax-free camps for the third quarter of the year.
4. Quarterly Performance exceeded expectations, Direct Marketing Construction accelerated, q3 dropped, and the rest remained largely stable. - Guotai Quarterly Review, 2022.4.26
The profit-side performance is disturbed by the tax rhythm. The single three-quarters net interest rate for mothers is 48.1%, corresponding to +0.2 ptt. 5. How does the i-tao mean? - Among them, the Māori ratio is between +0.6 ptt to 91.4% (structured to increase the series of liquor but directly sells the construction over the period).
Companies have always been the most solid targets for fundamentals, with strong bargaining power to restore elasticity through structural upgrades, channels, reforms, and so on. With further increases in distribution-channel franchise coverage, i-pots are expected to play a more pivotal role.
Liu Xiaotsing may be volatile, and we think that the real market is still solid without any concern.
Macroeconomic downside risks, recurrent risk of the epidemic, less-than-expected reform of channels, food safety issues, analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average investment in the market