Three seasons of steady growth, leading by-election, firm research, company evaluation, food drinks, white wine ii.
Chen Qingqing Li Yilin is around; the net return to the mother is expected to be around $4,399 million, an increase of around 19.1 per cent over the same year.
Country buy-and-eat perspectives: 1) 3 quarter performance determinations are highlighted and product and channel structures are being optimized; 2) marketing reform dividends are being released, and companies are gaining a chance to develop, 3) investment proposals: firm performance is still certain, long-line values are becoming more visible. Corporate marketing systems are moving forward, reform dividends are being released, and the company ' s product structure is being upgraded and direct channels are being optimized to boost robust performance, leading to strong growth.
Three quarters have been marked by a steady performance, with the product structure and channel structure continuously optimized The market is gradually warming, the company has a normal payback pace, feedback on sales during the season of mid-autumn is robust, the epidemic is still relatively low, and the Mao has performed fairly well in recent days (currently around $3050/275 for the whole box/bottle batch).
In February 2022, Chairman Ding launched the new marketing era of “American + Volunteering for Change.” At this point, Mao’s marketing reform was well-thought-out, market-oriented reforms were clearly oriented, access to channels was increasingly controlled, and home-grown business was improving.
In the medium and long term, multiple factors, such as adequate production capacity plus product structure and marketing channels, guarantee a steady increase in company performance.
Investment recommendations: Corporate performance is still certain, the value of long-term investments is becoming more visible, “buy-in” ratings are being maintained, corporate marketing system reforms are moving forward, reform dividends are being released, and corporate product structural upgrading and straight-line channels are being optimized to boost robust performance. Long, leading growth and performance certainty continue to be evident.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.