Extension of birth warranty escort, forward-looking layout medium- and long-term, incident assessment report for Guizhou Maotai (600519.sh)
The first interim shareholders meeting of the year, which adopted amendments to the company ' s charter, the rules of procedure of the board of directors and the special dividends programme for shareholders in return, resulted in the addition of 1980,000 tons of technology to protect the convoy for the long term.
The company's board of directors considered the adoption of a bill on investment in the construction of a “14th Five” technological improvement project, which is located in the villages of Taiping and China, in the town of Maotai, planning the construction of 68 liquor mills, 10 curry mills and 69 liquor stores.
With its accompanying facilities, the actual capacity to produce the new puppies after completion is approximately 198,000 tons/year, the capacity to store wine is about 847,000 tons, and the project is being built over a 48-month period.
Tons. This expansion has contributed to the company’s performance in the medium and long term, with special red boots falling in the ground, channel reform entering a new phase, and the Shareholders Assembly continues to reward shareholders for their support in the medium and long term, as well.
This year's launch of the Xiaotao station has pushed the reform of the company's channels to a new stage, which has had a remarkable impact. As of December 15, the iMatau app has been registered for 30 million households. From the first day of the test operation to the present day, the iMatau app has been requisitioned on an average daily basis.
Over 3 million households, nearly 4 million daily users, with a cumulative total of nearly 1.9 billion appointments.
The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic has driven consumption, the expansion of production capacity short of expectations, direct growth, sustained dynamism, the growth of the 2022-10-13 battalion has fallen short of expectations, the reform process has fallen short of expectations, and prices have risen rapidly.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.