For the first time, a special bonus was awarded, and shareholders were confident.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn collected $89,408 million (including $10,569 million in tax sales) from 1 January to 21 November, which is the first time that a joint-stock company sells more than $100 billion.
In addition, the company is about to issue a special bonus to all shareholders to find a gold dividend for each shareholding. The cumulative share this year is 54,751 million dollars to boost market confidence and share with shareholders.
The company's shareholders, Maotai Corporation and Mao Dai Technology Development Corporation, are planning to use the company's special bonus cash dividends, starting from the date of the company's special dividends.
In six months, by increasing corporate stock through a centralized competitive exchange, the two shareholders together show confidence in the company’s future development and recognition of its long-term value. The company has performed well since this year, with a new base of 1935 expected to run more than 4.2 billion a year.
The reform of the channel was successful in Yuan, the city of the province of Doo, i Mao Dai, the end of the service, the expansion of the consumer population, the development of potential consumers, and the improvement of the channel.
3- Report of the China Securities *Secret Report *Standards *Standards in Guizhou (600519) incident evaluation report: direct camp table with excellent performance, accelerated release *2022802*
The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic is driving consumption, the expansion of production capacity is not as expected, the growth of Camp 2022-08-03 is not as high as expected, the reform process is not as high as expected, and the prices are fast going up.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.