Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the evening of October 16, Yutai, Guizhou published three-quarters of 2022, and 22q3/q1-q3 achieved separate battalions.
. ..a series of liquors continues to be released, the channel ratio continues to rise, company prices are slower than 300 deep, and it is expected to be a drag on the income from the mahogany, and 1935 continues to be spent, driving the series to add.
Quick upgrades. According to the distribution channels, direct sales/batch agent channels q3 have changed by comparison +111.0%/-9.3%, i-Pau platform has accumulated $8.462 billion in tax-free revenues in the first three quarters, and continues to contribute to the reform of channels dividends. For dealers, there are 2084 and 104, respectively, in the country/foreign, compared to the first half of the year.
The company's Māori rate for the first three quarters was 91.87%, an increase of 0.68 pct for the same period. Taxes and surcharges were 15.91%, an increase of 1.43 pct for the same period.
Due to differences; 7.89% for the period and 0.89% for a decrease of 0.89pc for the same period, mainly due to a continuous decrease in the administrative costs. Specifically, the sales cost rate was 2.68%, a small increase over the same period, with an increase of 1.09pt over the same period of the year.
The company's operations in the first three quarters showed a net cash flow of $9,405 million, of which $9,6028 million was sold back, and the sales backsliding remained strong and bright.
Channel feedback is well under way in all regions, stockpiles remain reasonably low, and batch prices are returning to reasonable volatility after a good season of digestion. The positive effect of the direct-camp reforms is clear, with the double task of optimizing consumer education and access, with the total amount of alcohol delivered nearly six months ago.
9 million bottles, close to 370,000 cups (sets) sold on the meadow ice cream line, covered by bookings, covering 31 provincial districts across the country, bringing the total tax-free revenue to $4.045 billion in July-September, and we calculated that I-Mood's booking days would be more than 19,000 items sold on a single-day basis.
It's stable at more than 39 million, and it's expected to continue to contribute to the increase in revenue. In terms of products, Plumbong needs to be stabilized and fully tested by the outbreak, with non-specific investment uplifting the whole series of prices, moving upwards, and the Maw has successfully entered the 1,000-dollar series of prices, which is expected to boost the company's growth.
There is much to be done in sound business, and there is a strong sense of leadership. High-end white wine demand is strong, companies are sound, taking into account that the company’s 2022 business plan is blocked by (2) expansion of capacity;
(3) The process of reform of channels is less than anticipated, using legally compliant information, and the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from open information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information or the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.