– The incident evaluation report of the Kuozhou Mautai Company (600519.sh) released the January-September 2022 Business Data Bulletin.
15.8%.) The three-quarter growth trend, which is expected to meet the year-round target, has expanded and the channel structure has continued to optimize. As of September 28, the "i-potau" application had a cumulative enrolment of nearly 25 million people.
By the beginning of October, the iMagau app bookings had covered 31 provinces across the country, with more than 1700 underline delivery services and over 5.7 million underline sales.
The direct battalion channel of 2022h1 has increased by 36 per cent, and we expect the direct battalion channel to account for 36 per cent compared to the incident point assessment report (600519): the direct battalion table is excellent and the speed of release is high*
The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic is driving consumption, the expansion of production capacity is not as expected, the growth of Camp 2022-08-03 is not as high as expected, the reform process is not as high as expected, and the prices are fast going up.
2 Report of the China Stock Exchange *: Report of the High State Mao Dai (600519) incident: Performance Note 3; Report of the Chinese Stock Exchange *: Report of the High State Mao Dai
(600519) Event evaluation report: Five-line thinking, clear path, high-quality accelerated development  Presentation by Food and Beverage Group
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.