Events: company preliminary accounting, 2022, company production of about 568 tons of gin, series of gins, Guizhou mat (60519).
Thanks to the increase in the share of Mautai wine, the four-quarter profit elasticity is high. The 22q4 company is expected to achieve a total operating income of $37,414 million, an increase of 15.44 per cent, a net return to the mother of $18.2 billion, an increase of 19.79 per cent, and a marked increase in the single-quarter return net interest rate, which is mainly due to the income from the mautai wine.
The increase in the annual income from the mahogany is 87.28%, of which 22q4 is higher than at the end of the year, and consumer sentiment is positive. The annual increase in the annual income from the mahogany is 15.23%, of which 22q4 camps receive $33.3 billion, or 16.95%, compared to the previous announcement.
The results are considered to be related, on the one hand, to the increase in the number of drops on the Mautai Line since December, and, on the other hand, to the November ticket opening nodes. The entire box is now in the spring season, and is now in a steady state, at around $2900/bottle, and the scattered bottle is stable at around $2,700/bottle, and the demand is good.
The wine series ends well, growing brightly throughout the year. The annual year-on-year collection of alcohol grew by 24.65 per cent, with \triangleright completed in the first three quarters, with limited access for four quarters, except for the daily steady release of the i-pot platform.
The production of mahogany has been stable, and the series has been growing gradually. This year, the production of mahogany has increased by 0.6% compared to the previous year, and in Guizhou (600519), there is no new production capacity for booting. According to the company's earlier announcement, the "145" expansion plan, 2028.
This year’s series of wines and beverages in Guizhou (60519), direct sales have increased by 23.9 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly as a result of the gradual release of 30,000 tons of soy sauce to improve engineering capacity.
With the full release of 30,000 tons of technology improvements and the orderly landing of the joint dam project, the future series of wines will be well run, profit projections and investment ratings: overall, Mao has exceeded 15 per cent of the year's revenue growth this year.
Target, industry cycle impacts are stymied through product restructuring, channel restructuring, reflecting the impact of the business cycle, and risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty: risk of recurring epidemics: progress of this technology transformation project
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
They form food and beverage teams, whose members are trained by senior and top-level professionals. Industry understands the landscape, digs cattle, is highly competent, and is based on long-term considerations that value and security.
Pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, stubble foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiarization with seafood, millet foods, stubby foods, seafood international), and Lélié, Master of Financial Science, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, saline shops, glycerine foods, ginseng foods), and white wine in Anhui region (known as Guai Goon, glorified wine, golden seed wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Jinzhou cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, water wells, ocean river shares, present-day fate, sauce plate blocks), Zhao Lei, Master of Food Scientific Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America, followed by two years of milk.
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with a one-year experience in food and beverage research.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Tang Jing, B.A., 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has an insight into high-end white wine. He's good at promoting the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the CSRC-resumed qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.