Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh/1336.hk)
Xinhua Insurance has produced a net gain of $5.8 billion in the first half of 2018, a 79% increase in yoy, an 8% increase in value compared to the beginning of the year, with slightly higher market expectations. This year Xinhua Insurance has increased its health insurance sales and brought new business values in the context of regulatory, property competition, and high-base periods.
On the investment side, companies have reduced investment in bonds and equity assets, increased deposit and cash, and the overall rate of return on investments has been stable and better than that of their counterparts.
Business and future value-added growth are currently undervalued and buy-in is maintained. Performance is slightly higher than expected: Xinhua Insurance issued its semi-annual report, achieving a net gain of $5.8 billion in the first half of 2018, with a 79% increase in yoy, with a value of $16.56 billion, an increase of 7.9% compared to the beginning of the year.
Increased marketing of health insurance products, increased value of new business: In terms of premium income, the first half of the year was still the main driving force, with $53.7 billion recorded in the first half of the year, an increase of 28 per cent for yoy, a new policy premium, a portfolio of products
Health insurance, with a total premium of $22.2 billion and a 34 per cent increase in yoy, accounting for half of the new bill sales. In addition, a robust increase in general insurance, with a 9.5 to 16.1 billion increase in yoy and a reduction in the red premium, with a 2.1 to 28.5 billion drop in yoy.
Institutional investors as a share of the flowa Investment performance is stable and superior to that of peers: in terms of asset allocation, Xinhua reduced equity and debt in the first half of the year Credit interest and equity dividends contribution. Total return on investment is 4.8% (Peace, too much security, national life points).
Inherent value increases faster: 1h2018 achieves a new business value of 6.5 billion and yay drops by 8.9% better than expected in the context of the new business value rate rises. In addition, operating-level deviations achieve positive contributions, looking to the future: traditional risk firms under strong regulation focus on wind management, with limited impact associated with industry
The competitive environment is optimized, and its competitive advantages are more pronounced. With the advent of Insurance Industry No. 134, there are a series of restrictions on insurance coverage and co-insurance, leading product design back to the source, encouraging long-term insurance coverage, helping to raise the value of the new industry premium, and Xinhua Insurance itself.
Investment proposal: It is expected that, in the context of Xinhua Insurance ' s continued robust health insurance, the expected remuneration will be as the value of the new business (expected return; er), as follows: This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.