Xinhua Insurance medium-term performance in 2018 Summary Evaluation Report/Non-Bank Finance
On 18 July, Xinhua Insurance issued an advance announcement for mid-term performance in 2018, in which the company expected a similar increase of about 80% in the first half of the year in both the net profit of the mother and the net profit of the non-return of the mother.
\triangleright averaged 4 bp higher than at the beginning of the year, compared to 15 bp lower during the same period last year. The company ' s discount rate for the first half of the year, influenced by long-end interest rates, assumes a reduction in the reserve for traditional insurance contracts and a reserve to release the first half of the company ' s profit.
In the first half of the year, a net profit increase of about 80 per cent is expected to be better than expected, which will result in significant improvements in the company’s performance. Insurance revenue continues to improve marginally, with a 19 per cent increase in the second quarter \triangleright
During the same period last year, the company continued to experience marginal increases in premiums in the first half of the year, accumulated premiums in January-June.
Since 2017, the company has continued to pursue its transformational development strategy, with a continuously optimized premium structure, with a continuing premium revenue of 71 per cent of the total premium, a first annual payment of 66 per cent for the 10-year period, and a health insurance premium of 35 per cent for the first year, which was significantly higher than during the same period.
Impairment product alienation is less problematic and is expected to be limited by document No. 19. Pure life insurance companies will benefit from high value rates for long-term guaranteed products. New business value in 2017 was 39.7%, an increase of 17.3 percentage points compared to the previous year.
An optimised and long-term guaranteed product, with marginal improvements in premium revenues in the first half of 2018 in a highly regulated environment, is clearly expected to sustain performance growth during the year, with a sustained release of corporate accounting profits on the assessment of interest rates. The current flat valuation of 2.1x is low, with a configuration value that is projected to be nbv for the period 2018-2020.
1. In-depth report on the non-banking financial sector (20180709), showing improvement in the margin of protection, returns 2. People ' s non-banking weekly report 20180619: Central American Trade Motel
Xiaoping, mid-level economist, Master of Economics, Xian Transport University, formerly in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of Large State Enterprise Strategy and Development, responsible for macroeconomics and macroeconomics.
Chen Xing, a PhD in Business Law and Finance, and a PhD in Finance. In 2017, the author joined the Chinese Securities Institute (CSI) with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,