Ten billion dollars in revenue have been collected and taken on a new journey to food and drink and white wine.
In 2023, the pay-off was successful, and the $10 billion income target was met. The company issued a 2023 bulletin on key business data:
On 29 December 2023, the conference on the development of the 2024 era was successfully held in Nanjing, where the company set up a “two billion” strategic plan to clarify the three-stage development path:
Modernization of socialism and efficient integration into the forefront of innovative enterprises. Adhering to “multi-brand, single-focus” and strengthening the three major brand synergies. 1) Element: Focus 300-800 dollars, fast-track nationalization (six-and-four-and-one-one) and high-power products for the fifth generation.
Yuan Chai, deep-deep feasts and home-drinking scenes, with emphasis on product innovation; 3) Trench: Focus on high-light light bottles, wine lanes, building individualized products. Three brands work together, companies grow dynamically enough.
“Territories, taxonomy and policy-making”: 1) good consumer development in high-end departments; 2) fine-tuning regional operations to create more billions of yuan in districts; 3) v3, iv, symmetrical, lightly four sharp blades, magnifying branding.
The main thrust of the project is the "10+n" focus on the "no profit for three years, 3 billion dollars" and the "three years" focus on out-of-country projects; and 3) the implementation of the "precision recruitment, breeding, and construction of a community of fate for the producers.
Strong organization, excellent management, efficiency, and further organizational strengthening. 1) Deepening the system of joint combat among manufacturers, adding marketing staff to the “three-year doubling” and strengthening the performance of the marketing team. 2) Establishment of distributors, The Constellation of the World (603369.sh) - active preparation for the mid-war season, year-round performance achievement.
3) Focusing on strategic deconstructs and building up multi-layered systems of evaluation. "The Worms of the world (603369.sh) - second quarter income growth of 31%, business continuity to "The Worms of the world" (603369.sh) - robust performance, v is steady progress.
“The present world (603369.sh) – More positive incentives and more dynamic growth” - benefits from the needs of the provincial feasts, which are characterized by high performance, single, light performance, double-opening, and steady growth; v series, which are high on the upper end, with a high increase in the small base. Subregionally, in 2023, the company's full-scale precision market in Nanjing.
Market performance continues, the Su-China market is fast catching up; there has been a breakthrough under the small base of the out-of-town market. 2024 The present-day conference was successfully held in Nanjing, where companies set up a “2 billion” marketing strategic plan, clear development path for the next three phases: 1) in 2025, they joined the 15 billion-grade liquor industry: 2) in the 15th century.
The stage of the exhibition is to lead competition within the province, to move beyond the province to a peripheral and fragmented development; 3) to modernize the basic socialist system in 2035, to achieve high-efficiency convergence and entry into the vanguard of innovative enterprises.
Speeding up nationalization (six, four, and one-on-one) of high-powered products and the rejuvenation of the fifth generation of products to promote the high-end V series and the layout of the city of Tai Hu; 2) The world: Focus on the 100-300 Won track, deep-deep and home-drinking scenes, with a focus on product innovation; 3) High ravine: Focus on the high-light bottle and wine track, building the product.
The three major brands work together, and companies grow dynamically.
More than billions of yuan in the districts; 3) v3, 4 kyats, paired, and Lei-Ya, four sharp blades, magnifying brands. “Three Focuses” outside the province, achieving the "Cang So" and the "Long Triangular breakthroughs": 1) opening the system as the main force of attack, with the main thrusts of push and import; 2) focusing on the "10+n" focus of the municipal plates, “three years for no profit, three years for 3 billion” outside the province;
(c) Implementation of precision recruitment, breeding, and creation of a community for the fate of producers. Strong organization, good management, efficiency and further strengthening of the organization. 1) Deepening of the common combat system for manufacturers, by adding marketing staff to the “triple-year” scale, and strengthening of the performance of the marketing team.
(c) Focus on strategic deconstructs, building a multilayered system of appraisals. Figure 3: Māori rate for the single quarter of the present world, Figure 4: Net interest rate for the single quarter of the present world
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject