On the 28th of 2024, the source gave feedback on the release of matching orders and prices of Consors@cfsc.com.cn.
(ii) Five generations of single, syllable and quadruple price increases on a four-generation basis from 1 March 2024.
8/10/20, suggesting that the regional market simultaneously increase the prices of terminal supplies, retail prices of products and group purchase; 3) implementing a quota system in which current prices are planned to be implemented and extra-planned increases of $10/bottles based on current prices.
We have positive feedback on sales during the Spring Festival, and positive feedback on corporate sales during the Spring Festival: in the v series, in the 2024 Spring Festival, the country has nearly doubled the number of v3 openings and the number of v6 openings has surged by six.
The current pace of corporate business is moving in an orderly way, and we think that companies are more certain about opening doors in a quarter. We see that companies continue to push through products and channels after billions of dollars.
1 The Worms of the World (603369): 2025 picks down macroeconomic risks, increases below expectations, vs increases below expectations 2. The Worms of the world (603369): smooth leaps.
"The world" (603369): the product channels continue to attack, and the bottom 10 billion base is strengthened.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short and medium term, a share of the potential; in thinking about the white wine board, there is an in-depth market for the Su wine; in June 2023, Sha Yannan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined the Chinese Securities Study. Xiaobang State: Master of Arts from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa: 3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering beer and halogen
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report its content objectively, impartially, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or the request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.