The world of nature (603369.sh) is about raising prices and showing brand confidence.
♪ Food drinks ♪ ♪ White wine ♪ ♪ Zhang to Wei Wenhua ♪
(a) On 29 February, the receipt of four-generation orders for the sale of products of the same line was discontinued: (2) five-generation distributions of national origin, one-to-one, and one-to-one distribution on a four-generation basis, starting on 1 March
Don't increase the price of the plant by $20 per bottle, $10 per bottle, $8 per bottle; 3) four of them implement a strict quota mechanism, plan to implement the current bid, plan to increase the price of the current bid by $10 per bottle.
(b) Price increases further refine the product price system, highlighting the firm’s determination to control the price plate, which is expected to boost, and channels are expected to improve; and (c) the company’s business plans are steadily moving forward throughout the year, with a clear development path for the next 10 billion. We maintain the previous profit projections, the high-quality closing of the spring festival, and the price increases expand the spring advantage.
The current spring boom has largely ended, the company has completed nearly 40% of its repayments, and overall sales have increased by double-digits, with lowly, single-gated and other popular price-priced products continuing to sell strongly. The current stock of the company as a whole is at a lower level in 2.5 months than in the same period last year, with this raise in time and in time, and the 2024 marketing plan, which can further exploit channels and market resources through a season of high-quality sales.
Longer-term certainty, with a 20% increase in business earnings/mother-to-mother net profits projected for 2401, further refinement of the product price system and a demonstration of the firm's determination to regulate the price plate, based on the price of wine today, the price of the Queen's Landing/Clustering is 400-410/260 and the ring price is stable, and this price increase is expected to be further refined.
The system of prices for open, open, single products reflects the firm’s confidence in its ability to raise the country’s brand. It includes the management of a single image, a quota system that strengthens market order control, and a product price board that is expected to boost and gradually improve profit and dealer confidence.
The price of the start-up product has stabilized, supporting the expectations of price increases in the national v series, while brand power has led to high-quality sales of low-quality products such as popular prices, and has contributed to a robust and benign growth of the national brand as a whole, with a steady year-round pace of business growth and a higher quality of company growth. In the medium and long term, the company uses the product as a catcher, the regional layout of the refiner province, the important cities outside the radiation province, and a clear path to the development of the next billion years.
Investment proposals: A smooth “open door” for spring sales, continuity of branding within the province, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating, recovery of demand in the white wine industry, increased competition in Jiangsu province, high-end layout and out-of-town expansion are not as expected.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject