In 2025, the challenge was to collect 15 billion dollars, 1550 billion dollars, and the company event review report (603369.sh) of the present world was held in Nanjing on December 29, 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn is a fragmented outer perimeter, moving into the 20 billion-dollar era, and 3) 2035 into the vanguard of innovative enterprises. The company is clear about its strategic goals for the future: commitment to progress.
The next three to five years will be a crucial period for companies to become national players in the industry. The corporate development strategy for 2024 will be multi-brand, single-focus, nationalization. Multi-brand nationalists are committed to high-end, positioning.
The country's new generation of high-end white wine v is the new generation of soy sauce standard-setters.
The single focus is the 300-800-dollar price belt of the national focal point, which is the six-and-four-and-one-the-one national layout, and which is designed to become a thousand-dollar brand.
Focus on a $100-300 price belt to rejuvenate the generalization of the daily consumption scene, focus on product-type and marketing innovations, and work towards a new brand of high-end advantages in the industry; focus on a segmented market for high-light light bottles in the high ravine to create a personal identity
Branding, strengthening business models, and promoting brand renewal. Nationalization is about maintaining the big track, the big one, and the big customer strategy, and implementing the current nationalization is the perimeter 1, The Ends of the World (603369).
The concept of nationalization must be based on a strategic vision of a unified national market.
Keep moving, build up the 10 billion base, 2023 - magnify brand power and competitive advantage in the extended province, making it clear that nationalization is the priority for national branding.
3 “The Ends of the World” (603369): Corporate Revenues 10 billion in real time, the power of the state 2023 - Nationalization strategy led by the head of state, with no surplus for the next three years outside the province.
In 2024, the company ' s strategic approach was to: (1) maintain excellence in the province, and insist on policy in the areas of promotion, zoning, taxonomy, culture, fine operation, building of four sharp blades (v3, iv, recyclable, light) and the world ' s high ravine.
(b) Three focus areas outside the province to achieve a breakthrough in the market for the integrated triads of Jiangsu and Chang, with a focus on the brand of the nation (nationalization strategy, which is based on national origin) and a strategic upgrade to a six-way drive.
Pushing the super-big one-size-fits-all to drive up the scale of the shift; focusing on building the board for three years without profit, planning for 3 billion out-of-town market inputs for three years, focusing on the 10+n focus of the ground plate; focusing on customer creation, recommending terminal-star partnership building, building
We see that companies continue to strike at products and channels after billions of dollars. The macroeconomic downside risks are projected, growth is not as high as expected, and growth in the v series is not as high as expected.
The Food and Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaogwan State: Master of Arts, Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa.3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.