On February 25, 2024, the company stopped receiving orders for the opening of the bonds and the adjustment of the price system.
Four generations have opened orders for the sale of products, and five generations have been implementing the new price system since 1 March. Companies have upgraded their core monolithics and optimized their distribution channels. According to Micro-Gill News, the world-wide liquor sales company has issued a “Notification on Adjustments to State-Handing Orders and Price Systems”: the company has been working since February 2024.
Since 29 generations of orders for the sale of products of open lines were discontinued, the quota system and the price two-track system were strictly enforced. Since 1 March 2024, the price of the four generations has been adjusted up to $20/bottle, $10/bottle, $8/bottle for the sale.
In terms of policy adjustments, we believe that companies have two sets of considerations: (1) the return boom and the favourable marketing climate that has developed in the provinces with the brand name of the country, which is expected to be successfully opened in 2024, and the overall marketing of the product has grown faster. At this point, adjusting the prices of the product will not have a significant impact on short-term sales.
(2) In 2023, the state line accounted for 85% of the company’s revenues, while the national line was the company’s basic platform. Given the intense competitive environment in Jiangsu province and the length of time that the core single items have been listed, the prices of the products have become more transparent, and companies have upgraded the core single items to optimize the current distribution system.
The white wine industry is still in the advanced stages of the stocking cycle, the price of white wine has generally declined, the conduits have become thinner, and the old-fashioned upgrades are expected to reshape the price system and increase the motivation of distributors. Corporate brands are excellent, and their share in the province has expanded, effectively resisting the industry cycle, 2024.
Products in the v series, which have not been on the market for long periods of time, have accumulated through the consumption base in the provinces and through years of political and commercial channels, and have grown rapidly in size while at the same time maintaining a steady price performance, and we expect that, against a background of slower escalation, companies will be actively priced up to $300 in line with market trends.
We believe that the success of a value-for-money product is related, on the one hand, to the good branding of the company, and, on the other hand, to the firm’s current well-established marketing network, its ability to organize and implement and its ability to resist changes in the industry cycle. (3) We believe that the company will continue its previous product structure in 2024 at different prices.
With a balanced performance, and on the basis of the full expansion of the provincial market, the priority markets outside the province are also expected to achieve a clear corporate strategy, starting with a period of 10 billion in 2024, with the firm taking up full-scale activity in the province, with a cumulative macroeconomic downside risk and a slower recovery in demand. The provinces are under pressure from competition and increased competition in the industry.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Food beverages: white wineii