On December 29, 2023, the \triangleright line successfully crossed into a billion-dollar club.
This is about 23.0% over the 2024 Development Conference, which set the goals for the future: determinedly challenging 15 billion yuan by 2025 to compete, peri-urbanized and fragmented; and achieving high-impact development in 2035 before entering innovative enterprises.
The company will judge the four main growth dynamics in the future: (1) industry transformation with dynamic energy and new high-end opportunities arising from structural fragmentation; (2) its own growth of starch energy, with brand hot sales promoting regional expansion; and (3) positioning innovation.
Lead energy, product-type innovation, and growth dynamics; (4) management excellence that stimulates dynamic energy and accelerates business performance. Meanwhile, a fifth generation of products is released: positioning 42 degrees medium-high-end white wine, raising quality and product perceptions, and guaranteeing digital operations in a five-coded format.
The research assistant Hu Huiming, the diversity of the brand structure, the high-end branding of the nation, the popularization of the world, and the personality of the high ravine.
Launching a nationalized and integrated layout to promote the V-Rocking Lake City; working high-end to position the new generation of white wine in China and to strengthen the monolithic strategy; the world's wonders: focus on the $100-300 price track to rejuvenate the daily consumption scene, with a focus on the feasting scene; the new planet series of 700 ml large bottles of wine
Differing specifications, with a high price advantage, focussing on the drinking of friends. Trench: Focusing high-light light bottle segment of the city 1. Tri-quarterly review of the world's future (603369.sh) 2023: setting the scene, creating personalized brands and promoting brand renewal.
The leading product is the high-grenched sample size, which leads to the upgrading of the brand image and product structure.
Ten billion new courses, 2023/09/30 sub-districts for farming, cataloguing and policy advice, through high-end breeding systems, fine regional operations and the creation of four cutting edges 3. The present-day horizon (603369.sh) reported in the semi-annual review of 2023:
Singles are created, and they continue to be powerful fundamentals. The foreign focus is national brands, plate-making, customer creation; the national origin is the backbone of the system; strategic upgrades are introduced to new items, and one is the driving force behind the four superbias, leading to the three-quarter review of the 4-day horizon (603369.sh) in 2022:
On a large scale; planning out-of-provincial market inputs with a three-year “no profit, three-year three-billion” budget, focusing on the “10+n” focus, building up brand power; building a community of factory and shop destinies. At the organizational level, focusing on quality development in the post-billion era, strong organization, good management, and effectiveness.
5. In mid-2022, a review was made of the value of the present (603369.sh): investment proposals: companies have comparative advantages, products are still in the upward stages of development, channel spreads and management incentives, the branding industry operates in a sophisticated manner, and there is potential for growth in the compartmentalized layouts outside the province.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.