The long line of action, looking for the return of the king, the short-term period of fluctuations in performance: the industry's pressure on the company's transformation has both its effects and its status has remained intact.
In terms of internal factors, in order to implement the strategy of housekeeping, the company has been implementing a multiplicity of organizational restructurings and the optimization of the number of shops since 23 years.
During a period of change. Although internal and external factors have led to firm performance pressure in the last two years, they have led the way from the camp, from the operational capacity (the lead in the stock turnover), from the market share (the retail outlets market account for 42.06% of the eight listed companies) and from single shops (221 for 24 years).
Why do we judge that the Europeans are expected to emerge from the era? Before that, in our report, "Do we solve the problem of concentration by deconstructing the home side of the supply side?", we identified the four key capabilities required for "let's live."
Four capabilities, which, according to Irey, reached a net recommended value of 61 per cent in 24 years, far above industry average and product co-ordinated capacity to support tailoring integration; 2) strong supply chain systems are in place, and the unit labour cost for clothing has been reduced from $288 in 2019 to $181 in 2024.
(c) Informational inputs are high and back-to-back information is beneficial for efficiency gains; and (4) canal management is focused on the ability to manage the distribution system based on “point-to-point model”, “thousands of points approval system”, etc., significantly reducing the threshold for single distributor operations and breaking the development ceiling.
The policy boom is smooth and short-term in demand, and the new home is equipped with full-chain eco-closing to support new growth. Without sufficient internal and external energy for enterprise development, 1) the country’s “old-for-new” policy is expected to continue, further stimulating short-term household demand; 2) property liberalization policies are being introduced everywhere.
The medium-term demand is supported by the bottom. From the inside, in terms of volume, the company's integration strategy is expected to pre-empt the passenger link, expand the passenger flow range and increase the control of the passenger flow; in terms of prices, the full package package is expected to drive up the passenger unit price, with the Süddeaux grouping of people in the mall.
For example, doors and windows are valued at only 33,000, with 25 per cent net profit on their operations. Relatively inadequate household demand: increased competition in internal and external markets: less effective policies than expected
1. Short-term performance volatility retroactive: Industry pressure & corporate change influences short-term performance with multiple factors that do not diminish overall competitiveness. 2020-2025h1, Euro-based households achieve business income
External pressures: an overall downward trend in demand in the home market, with more intense two-flow fragmentation of intra-household competition, multi-channel layouts having some test for firms; and) internal factors, where companies were previously in a state of strategic adjustment and performance at this stage of declining volatility, have not had an impact on the core roots of the company ' s long-term development.
Despite internal and external factors that have led to corporate performance over the past two years, the company's leading position, in terms of both city occupancy rates and single-stores receipts, is based on the external factor of 1.1: the relative inadequacy of demand combined with a double-blown fragmentation of channel flows 2022 to 2024q3 and the challenge faced by the furniture retailing industry.
Para: 1) February 2022 - 2023, when furniture was retailed to a dark moment, the volume of furniture retailing continued to fall the same month, compared with the previous three years, when overall growth in the furniture retailing industry was weak and industry demand was under pressure. 1) At the income end, the 2020 - 2024 regulation (2) total profits from furniture manufacturing enterprises above the scale of 2020 - 2024 are, respectively, at the profit end
7.92 per cent, showing a decreasing trend from year to year, low profitability of furniture manufacturing enterprises, relatively low household demand, and competition in the industry Retail of furniture industry faces the following main challenges: on the one hand, the retailing of furniture is closely linked to the real estate industry, and the relative lack of household demand; on the other hand, the fragmented flow of channels and the need for home-based enterprises to consider changing single-channel dependence and to build more.
On the demand side, the market area for goods houses has increased only at the same rate since June 2023, from 105 million square metres to only 80.58 per cent of the area sold at the same time two years ago, and the demand has not yet been fully repaired. From May 2023 to the present, the market area for goods houses has increased at the same rate only at the same rate of two months, and in May 2023, the demand has increased at the same rate.
Figure 9: Total area of commercial residential sales in the last two years, as compared to only two months of the year, is the cumulative value of the market area published in February)
On the supply side, since June 2023, investment in real estate development has continued to grow at a negative rate compared to the previous year, and the continued decline in new construction in 202312 marks a shift from a “scale expansion” to a “quality enhancement” phase in the real estate sector.
In June 2023, 2024, the stock of goods was at the same rate of negative growth compared to September 2024, and continued the construction process, affecting the effective demand of the household sector. In 2025, with the untying of real estate-related policies, the stock of goods was reduced.
In 2023, the 14-city second-hand house accumulated 8.443 million square metres at the end of 2023, while 90.897 million square metres were detected at the end of 2024, an increase of 8.01 per cent over the previous year.
Second-hand houses continue to rise, with 14 city second-hand houses totalling 49,467 square metres in the first half of 25 years, an increase of 21.79 per cent over the same period. The second-hand-room market has been marked by lower prices for owners and higher listings, which have become more attractive for new tenants, and has continued to divert new ones, with an increase in the market share.
The advantages may be as follows: 1) new owners ' urgent need to renovate their houses, facilitating an increase in the number of orders from furniture enterprises, and contributing to the expansion of the market space: 2) second-hand housing structures and layouts are relatively fixed to meet individualized needs and better use of space, and the owner ' s demand for custom homes such as cabinets and closets increases; 3) smooth industry cycles fluctuate.
The real-estate market has a more cyclical impact, but the second-hand housing market is relatively stable, is less subject to the macroeconomic environment and policy regulation, and increases in the share of the second-hand housing market can provide stable market demand for the domestic sector and support its continued development.
Figure 13: Multi-channel layout tests business capacity against the background of the new bright spots in real estate, 1.1.2 flow fragmentation, significant reduction in the flow of natural goods below the household line, and multi-channel layout tests business capacity against the background of the fragmentation of the flow.
On the other hand, in 2024, the annual index of market traffic was 0.64, based on annual and monthly indices of domestic market traffic. Consumer consumption habits, increased efficiency in product extension and competition for living space, domestic enterprises had to be multichanneled, multi-dimensionalized, and the overall operating difficulties had increased significantly, and the competitive threshold was gradually rising.
Figure 16: Steady growth of residential furniture utility platforms Figure 17: Steady growth of residential furniture utility platforms
1.2.1 Visible changes in market demand, pre-positioning, adapting to market demand, pro-actively seeking change, and pre-positioning, with the prospect of thick and thin hair. In recent years, the boundaries of household goods have become increasingly blurred, and “integrated design, one-stopping, one-stopping” household consumption needs have gradually become the mainstream.
Founders and active practitioners of the home-based business model, Europa, as early as 2014, put forward a strategy of “all-in-home” to start with China's high-end custom-based home model; in 2016, Europe officially settled in a strategy to open a home-in-house custom-made mall era, leading a second industrial revolution: Europe successfully opened a flagship shop in 2018: Deepening in 2019.
The strategy was upgraded to “integrating solution providers”; in 2022, the exploration of the model of retail residence was launched; in 2023, organizational changes were implemented to create a marketing structure that is compatible with the business model for all, and the layout of the project was made available to all.
In 2023, Europa launched the largest and full-scale marketing restructuring of the company since its inception. This reform will bring together the former Department of Marketing of European brands, which includes the European Department of Marketing as a whole, the Department of Marketing as a whole, the Department of Cook Guards, the Department of Construction, the Department of Construction, and other industries (engineering, engineering, etc.).
O'Connelly, Overseas/Foreign Trade, Direct Camp, etc.) was merged into the Department of Regional Marketing, which was merged into the Ministry of Industry No. 1 (in charge of East and North-East China), Department of Industry No. 2 (in charge of North-West, China and South-East China), Ministry of Industry No. 3 (in charge of South-West China), through the construction of a city-centred business model, the full product category (cooking and carpentry), the entire channel (retailing)
Integrated management, which is further aligned with the strategic orientation of the organization. Figure 19: Transformation of the Eurotype Department into the Department of Regional Industries, by region
First Enterprise, entire marketing industry.
The Department of Marketing and Marketing of the Cook Guards, they're all in the Department of Industry.
In 2024, Euro-based households adopted a large-scale delivery model.
Reforms, continuous IT construction, automation upgrades, etc., basically create multi-dimensional grid operating models that match multi-brand, multi-grade, multi-channel, multi-base, individualized and customized. Changes in the manufacturing system are necessary because, under everyone’s strategy, the marketing system and the manufacturing system are not simply a multi-product build-up, but rather a "production" approach.
The transformation of the monolith into a “big delivery” requires a strong combination of manufacturing capabilities. After years of rapid growth, Europe’s home-made production has been vast, with five major smart production bases: Tianjin, Kiwan, Tin-free, Chengdu and Wuhan, with a total building area of over 2.5 million square metres, and a large Asia-making base.
It should be structured to create a “8-hour logistics circle” of radiation nationwide. 1.2.3 Tactics: multi-dimensional energy to help people in the transition challenge.
(a) The Ministry of Enterprise I further optimized the à la carte for 49,800, plus code-up, home-based, etc., and, in response to the consumer's needs for a better life, introduced a variety of new products, such as the mediocre wind, the light-law wind and the simple-beautiful wind;
Price modelling, breaking down statistical price rules and giving consumers an extremely high-priced experience; Ministry of Industry III focused on creating a super-flow pool, launching the “1+3+n” traffic model, focusing on power suppliers plus traffic on the new media line, the three main lines of district, intermediary, model house traffic, and fostering n supplemental traffic, working together to expand the traffic boundary, deep-operate core traffic, real-life flow.
We're all in the “52x1” operating system, focusing on five major traffic channels, upgrading two major distribution systems and a set of high-efficiency delivery systems, optimizing x-upping, operating strategy upgrades.
In time, the number of traditional shops, short-term pains, and medium- and long-term prospects for everyone will be improved. Euro-based households enter the reform process, and the door shop has been designed to be characterized by a reduction in volume and an optimal structure.
The number of stores was 7615/8716/775, and the number of shops opened during the year was 140/40-966, and the number of shops dropped considerably in 2024. The number of dealers closed has increased significantly, as can be seen from the reform efforts within the European community. There are three main reasons for the significant improvement in the number of stores: a sharp decline in the flow of traditional hotels in the residential sector, a slow pace of transformation of the distributors and a one-way street.
In 2024, there were 5,077/975/941/546 Euro/Opery/Operani/Ponist, with 936-103-60/+81 changes in the current year.
In 2024, there was a net increase of 81 stores by means of a standardized package (e.g., pet 39800), and in 2024, the Europa cabinets, the Europa closets and the Europa baths were integrated under the European flag and matched to the follow-up of the strategy.
Finally, up to 2025h1, there are over 1,200 retail outlets under the European flag. In the short run, companies have experienced pains in terms of revenue and profits, but in the long run the number of doors has the following advantages: 1) To improve the efficiency of their operations.
(b) Enhancing market competitiveness by optimizing the shop layout, focusing on the development and consolidation of priority markets, and creating a reasonable number of high-quality shops that can better demonstrate brand image and product characteristics.
1.3 At a time when the dual pressures are intertwined, Europe’s leading position is unshakeable, with the largest harvests and profitability in the upper sector. From 2015 to 2024, Europe’s top 10 years of business earnings were ahead, with a 13 per cent compound increase in business earnings and a higher level of compound growth at the upstream level, with continued strong competitive power.
In terms of profitability, Europoles have steadily increased their Māori rate, based on their excellent cost-control capabilities, from figure 25 in 2015, leading by $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$0 in 2024.
Mäori ratio of home ownership (%) Mäori ratio of home ownership (%) Mäori ratio of gold family residence (%)
The share of retail sales has remained high, leading the custom-based household sector. Customized household blocks, according to statistics, have been increasing in the past five years the share of European households, Sofia, and Chi Bong in retail outlets (as a proportion of the share of the eight companies listed in custom furniture). Of these, the exclusive share of European households in the market for retail outlets was 189.85/91.96/15305 million yuan in 2022-2024.
Although the performance of Europa has fluctuated in the short term, its leadership position in the custom home industry has not been shaken. Figure 27: Euro retail share continues to lead custom home businesses. From operating efficiency, companies continue to lead the way in terms of stock turnover and receivables turnover, reflecting their strong channels
In the larger context of higher stock turnover and more sophisticated inventory management, with 12.51 turnovers in 2024, and lower turnover of accounts receivable and accounts payable by industry head companies in 2015-2024, Euro-based home-based receivables turnover is better than some of their counterparts in the leading companies in 2024.
At the same time, the turnover of corporate accounts payable was comparable to that of other head companies, with 7.82 accounts payable in 2024, reflecting a certain bargaining power upstream and a good supply chain relationship. Overall, the Europeans performed robustly in terms of liquidity efficiency, enhancing their financial efficiency.
Figure 29: Euro-based turnover of accounts receivable in 24 years is better than that of some head companies Figure 30: Euro-based turnover of accounts payable in 2024 is comparable to that of other head departments
Single-store revenue leads and brand foundations are still solid. We've measured single-store income for four head-setters, namely, Opié, Sofia, Chibong and Gold. According to the data, despite the fact that the second-largest single-stores in Europe, between 2020 and 2024, earned $1.93 million, 2.77 million, or $2.5 million, or $22.1 million, respectively, in the current difficult market environment.
On the one hand, because of its accumulated brand influence, it has created a reliable, high-quality image in the consumer’s mind, allowing a large number of loyal clients to pay for their products, even in the context of declining consumption. On the other hand, in the face of the shrinking of new tenants as a result of the downside of the estate, the Europeans have been active.
With well-developed product lines, the Europeans can provide customized solutions for different adaptation needs, successfully extract a large number of potential customers from the stock market, offset part of the loss of the new housing market, and ensure that the share of the European market remains at the forefront of the industry.
Within the framework of supply-side research, the Europeans are expected to emerge from a 2.1 supply-side capability that is already ahead of them.
We're in the driving force of accelerated concentration in the industry, with four capabilities or the key to breaking down. We're developing a single door shop from the point of view of the distributors, and we're analysing it from the point of view of the customers to the point of making the order work, and we're looking at the more than ten common sub-elements needed to expand the flow of customers and increase the transformation rate in the context of “households”, and then we're looking at the brand business perspective.
Recognizing that each of these elements corresponds to the capabilities required by branders, we find that in an era of “one for all”, product R & D and overlap, supply chain integration and productive capacity are the basis of competition only for branders in the context of this era, and that information building, channel management and empowerment will be the key to determining the ceiling for branders' growth, and that “one for all” has become the competition for the combined capabilities of firms.
The threshold of competition has been significantly raised, and we can see more clearly from a capacity-by-capability analysis that head firms are already clearly ahead of the industry, “all of them” or the key turning point for accelerating concentration in the industry.
There is a clear trend in the demand for integration of household and costume styles, and there is a growing importance of synergies in product development and development. 53.5% of consumers in the middle household focus on the “solidity/integration” of household styles.
Questions of coordination. If the supply chain were to be singled out for product lines, small and medium brands would be pushed up by a lack of size, combined sales would lose value for money, and head brands, in addition to having a bargaining advantage arising from large-scale procurement, could gradually start self-production at a certain level, thereby creating a further gap with small and medium brands.
Consumer demand has changed rapidly, and product-systemic overlaps have begun. In a situation where the share of young consumers has increased significantly, consumer demand has become more individualized and changing faster. To adapt to this change, suppliers need to strengthen R & D systems, accelerate product rotation, and the chances that small and medium brands can compete with a few products will become less successful.
Headline firms have increased their product R & D teams, which have clearly led the product rotation, small and medium brands. In view of the trend, it is expected that the future will move from single to product architecture, which is undoubtedly a major challenge for small and medium brands, and the dominance of head brands will be further highlighted.
In 2024, Europa contributed 51.74%/88.80%/6.00%/5.74%/0.74%/0.07%, 25h1 51.43%/29.21%/59%/0.07%, respectively.
The heart class is self-produced, and the 10 core spaces are custom-made to achieve a full-scale, space-wide, one-stop approach. In response to the user’s quest for integration in the home style, Euro-based strong product-based R & D and product-synergy re-enactment strategies. In 2025, Euro-based households introduced 14 different styles of tailor-made integration styles.
2.1.2 Supply chain integration and production manufacturing capacity are important pillars, with the Europeans balancing “fine” and “wide” supply chain integration and production manufacturing capacity at the back with supply-side support to optimize industry patterns.
For example, in the case of non-principal products of an enterprise, the core advantage of the head enterprise is the consolidation of raw materials: 1) at the cost end, where the head company has a certain bargaining power to cope with the price volatility of raw materials and achieve significant savings in purchasing costs. 2) In the area of supply chain management, raw materials serve as the backbone of the back end to ensure the end of production.
A smooth operation, timeliness of supply, and reasonable inventory control are also key. Thanks to years of optimized management systems, the European household stock turnover rate has continued to increase in recent years, from 7.32 to 12.51 stock turnovers and from 50 to 26 working days.
With regard to the production capacity of enterprises, there is a higher demand for the production capacity of major enterprises, with a concentration on “wide” and “sophisticated”: 1) “wide” for the production base, i.e., wide coverage and nationalization of the production base.
The transport ratio rose to 95.8%, with a clear advantage in the speed and accuracy of the supply response, and a significant contribution to post-sale efficiency. The "Ten Day Delivery Model for Full Order Delivery" launched by the Europeans in 2024 and the integrated free distribution and installation services clearly demonstrated their excellent supply chain and production advantages, and SMEs were undoubtedly more difficult to follow.
2) "Excellent" is a refinement of production, both in terms of quality and efficiency. In terms of quality, a strong automated production power can significantly improve the consistency of product quality. In terms of efficiency, firms rely on science-based process management to improve production efficiency, resulting in lower production costs and lower post-sale problems such as maintenance replacement.
In the last five years, according to our calculations, Europa, Sofia and Gua have experienced a decrease of 37.27 per cent in the annual unit manufacturing costs of 180.82.5: in the same period, the unit labour costs for cabinets decreased from $524.85 in 2019 to $370.80/set in 2024 and 29.35 per cent in five years, thanks to the European multi-point production base in recent years.
Optimized allocation of production resources and continuous upgrading of production and technology on a scale that effectively spreads the labour costs per unit of product. 2.1.3 Informatization capacity becomes an important building block, with Euro-based R & D investing in the lead industry
In the context of the trend towards integration and distribution, individualized demand persists, and in the context of the growth of product classes, there is a higher demand for forward and forward information, and the softness lies not only in upgrading front-end design, display speed and quality to improve transformation rates, but also in back-end production delivery.
Timeliness and accuracy, as well as the need for full-scale + process connectivity to better meet changing needs. Especially at the end of the spectrum, information capacity or the necessary elements after the rapid expansion of the enterprise’s size determines, to some extent, the upper limits of enterprise development.
People, who are beginning to adapt to consumers’ needs, have started to do so in a continuous way, as strategies, tactical changes, and this will be a key element of medium-sized and small brands’ difficulty to follow. In the process of euphemism of information software, firms are gradually moving from outsourcing digital systems to autonomous development of specialized software.
Working on back-to-back connectivity and software integration, leading to seamless interfaces in design, process, and production. For example, the most recent Euro-Society model of Euro-Senior Cloudi not only provides designers with unprecedented innovative and efficient designs, but also greatly improves design efficiency and provides consumers with a more personalized and intelligent home experience.
One key generation "Innovative technology takes only one minute from the furry room to the complete design, synchronized with precision output material, quotations, and full process monitoring. 2.1.4 Channel management capacity opened up to operate the ceiling, and Europedo became a system by the end of the year.
You're in the middle of an era of integrated marketing of goods, and the ability to manage determines the limits of the difficulty of doing business. You're in the middle of a variety of things, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, you're in the middle of a market, and you're in the middle of a market.
The strong are more likely to make it difficult for distributors to operate, to lay the foundation for further sinking and good product integration, and also to help distributors grow further in larger volume, which, if not substantially empowered, may face problems such as a less coordinated distributor, a more difficult product integration, and a more chaotic distribution system, which will limit the scope for branders to grow.
Europa has developed a relatively well-developed system of channel management and empowerment at the front end of the shop and back end installation delivery: after many years of practice, it has developed a relatively well-developed system of channel management and empowerment.
The Europeans have strengthened their linkages with distributors, both in terms of channel management and channel empowerment, through the root theory and the 50:50 mechanism. Channel management has been strengthened mainly in terms of distributor classification, appraisal, and entry discounts; channels cover end management, co-management, and through point-to-point targeting of distributors.
Specialized training, which supports the distribution system as a whole. The company ' s management and empowerment to help promote distributors is less difficult and will once again significantly widen the gap between the supply side and the small and medium brand. 2) After back-end installation: Euro-based home digitally optimizes the service experience. In 2024, Euro-based homes passed a visual examination of their own.
Measurement, process standardization, etc., raises the success rate of one-time installation to 91%. According to the official European public, the net recommended value (NPs) for Euro-based households reached 61% in 2024, well above the industry average, reflecting a high consumer-to-brand organizational strength of 2.2 or a competitive core, with the Europeans actively pushing for change.
By attributes, the household sector does not require huge capital inputs and does not have very high technical barriers, it is difficult to call them capital- or technology-intensive industries, and, as information informs the growth of smart manufacturing, labour-intensive industries are no longer the essence of the household industry.
With the characteristics of value chain length, product variety, and service-intensive nature of the mix between different products, especially customization, long periods of family life, and the need for top-level organizational strength to act as a glue, perfecting the various nodes of the long chain, creating synergies and promoting perfect linkages, we believe that the household industry or inherently organizational capacity
The industry has evolved from a monolithic era to an era of “business as a whole” to one of popular times, with the growing size of firms over time, the increased complexity of the organization as a whole, especially of the distribution system, and the increased likelihood of the production of entropy. So we think that the top factor of competition, or the organizational strength of an enterprise, that is constant under all changes, is a combination of the same.
This is particularly important in the complex chain of home-based services, where, over time, the size of the company has expanded, and the need for further assurance of efficiency requires a good organizational effort to pursue entropy reduction, i.e. opening up the enterprise system, breaking the inherent balance, seeking non-linear growth, and helping companies to grow in an orderly manner while growing in size.
The Europeans have responded to the demands of their time, and have continued to actively change their organization. On March 25, 2025, the Europeans organized their campaigns.
The assembly also proposed a “right-to-power, comprehensive change”, which will gradually implement the seven major transformations in marketing agency change, al-Qa`idah marketing competition, delivery centre change, audit change monitoring, supply chain change, “shut-to-house” change and terminal model change, fully embrace artificial intelligence and digital transformation, pursue entropy reduction, increase organizational strength, and pool corporate resources to implement the overhaul.
The improvement in the organizational capacity of the individual is reflected in two main aspects: (1) the organizational structure of the company, the organizational structure of the business start-up, the strategy of the business start-up, the development of a regional coordinated management structure: (2) the organizational efficiency, the optimization of the company, the use of inefficient single-goods shops, the pooling of resources for the development of everyone's own shop, and the improvement of the quality of the end-of-service operations.
3. Follow-up outlook: Consumer subsidies + new home full-chain eco-closing support for new growth 3.1 subsidy policy continues to drive short-term demand and property policy easing medium-term demand
The National Development and Reform Commission's “old-for-new” policy continued to add to the short-term demand in the domestic sector. In 2025, our national subsidy policy was upgraded in terms of scope, intensity and coverage, with a focus on green, intelligent, ageing products and households.
The main elements of the present communication document of the DRC focus on three areas: first, expanding the scope of support to include four categories of household electricity, such as microwave stoves, water purification units, dishwashers, electric cookers, etc., in the scope of the new subsidy for the old.
Electricity, 20% of the sale price for Level 1 energy efficiency/water-efficient products, 15% for Level 2 and below, up to $2,000 per unit; and 3rd, online penetration: access subsidies for platforms such as Kyoutung, Congregation, etc. break regional restrictions. With the continuation and upgrading of the state-up policy, the household sector will either be in a new development opportunity in 2025.
In 2025, policies to encourage home ownership in different provinces were being refined, with significant benefits in the area of home ownership. Provincial expansion of home-housing subsidies to include new products such as smart homes (e.g. land-cleaning robots) and common homes (e.g. mattresses, couches); Guangdong Province boosted regional consumption potential, with Shenzhen focusing on smart homes (up to 20% subsidy), Guangzhou
Focusing on the renovation of old houses (up to 20 per cent subsidy): The proportion of basic subsidies for household goods in Beijing increased from 10 per cent to 15 per cent: Zhejiang province optimized the process of disbursement of funds to speed up the disbursement of funds: the proportion of subsidies for household goods in Shaanxi province increased from 10 per cent to 15 per cent.
In April-July 2025, China’s retail sales of furniture were the second highest at the end of the last five years, and were just below the value of 21.23 billion yuan in December 2019. As the State’s policy of supplementation continues, the retail sales of household goods are expected to rise significantly in the short term.
Figure 48: Retail sales of furniture commodities continued to rise during the month, property easing policies were frequent, demand remained robust in the medium term, property regulation was increasing, demand was released, and second-hand and secure rooms became new spots.
The Ministry of Resources and the Ministry of Finance issued a joint circular to curb the irrational rise in land prices and to prioritize the use of active land for housing security; on 5 March, the State Council released the Report on the Work of the Government to untie the housing policies of the central cities and release potential housing purchases, requesting: on 16 March, the Central Office of the Communist Party and the State Council sent a communication on the Special Programme of Action to Promote Consumption to help digest the stock.
Stock, which is expected to drive up the construction of guaranteed housing: on March 20, the Central Bank lowered the interest rate of lpr, lowered the pressure on stock mortgages, continued the decline in the area of property deals, and the renovation of second-hand houses increased the resilience of demand in the medium term. Since January 2025, the country’s sales of merchandise houses have been warming since January 2025, rising in February and March, and the overall decline has been narrow despite the return in April.
In recent years, while new buildings have been completed and sales have been relatively weak, the need for second-hand furniture has gradually emerged, and the need for subsequent home improvements remains resilient. From the data analysis after the policy was issued, the weekly level of 25h1 second-hand houses has increased by 21.79%.
China's theoretical renovation needs are measured by the following four basic assumptions: 1) sold in the current year and handed over two years later 2) The first house renovation took place at the same time as subsequent renovations, assuming a two-bed house with a 100% replacement rate and an expected internal renewal frequency of three) single flats with an area of 90 m2.
The specific calculation logic is as follows: 1) First calculation of the area to be paid in the current year, based on the assumptions of the area to be sold in the current year and the area to be delivered after two years 2) and, second, calculation of the number of one-hand suites based on the assumption of an average area of 90 square metres of a single suite: the number of one-hand suites (100)
in thousands) = current year/90 m3) extrapolated number of used suites based on current year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/years/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/
4) The number of theoretical fit-out packages for the year = one-hand suites + second-hand suites 18.9 million, supported by the need for second-hand suites, is expected to reverse the downward trend in 2026, without undue need for follow-up renovations.
3.2 Escort integration plus domestic and external kinetic energy to expand the passenger flow, build a full-chain eco-closing ring, seize the opportunity to boost the passenger flow, objectively, with a larger state complement and a certain threshold, and give the Escuela a higher city share.
(a) The opportunity of the rate; subjectively, the Europeans construct a new two-dimensional home with a full-chain eco-closing ring with a strong custom plus deep integration; horizontally, they get a passenger link in front of them and avoid upstream interceptions and competitions; vertically, the layouts are integrated, increasing the depth of the operation, the flow of live-in products across the world, the traditional household congestion points, and the joint b-endc is a triple win.
3.2.1 The integration of the state-based plus catalytic industries, with significant benefits from the European leadership, has yet to be further integrated and optimized to unleash new potential. The number of furniture-making enterprises of more than size increased from year to year from 2020 to 2024, albeit at a slower pace, but this suggests that the furniture industry as a whole continues to expand, either in industry or as a result of the number of businesses.
The policy boom has given leading enterprises such as the Europeans an opportunity to increase their concentration objectively. As the state supplementation policy has been further refined, some provinces and municipalities have more detailed requirements for business qualifications and product compliance, which provide for the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in the national replenishment policy.
A certain entry threshold has been set to make consumers objectively prefer quality and subsidized head brands. European households rely on long-accumulated brand reputations, mature and stable product quality control systems, and a wide range of marketing and service networks.
It is easier to meet these access conditions, and thus to succeed in obtaining more subsidy targets, more policy dividends, and more market resources. Against this background, industry concentration is expected to be driven by subsidy policies, bringing together leading enterprises such as the Europeans in a step towards concentration and efficiency.
The Europeans responded to national policy, and government-owned subsidies accelerated the seizure of the market. Against the backdrop of certain entry barriers and quantitative limits to the old-new policy, the Europeans, through the Jean-Liga-code subsidy policy, created a double subsidy that further boosts the consumer market. On September 20, 20, 20, 2024, the Europeans launched the Business Subsidy Initiative, which allows consumers to enjoy their well-being + 99 dollars.
Subsidy for upgrading, including 799 Eusenian People's Cafés, 899 Eclipse Series and 39800 Swords: In addition, a 20 per cent discount on the extension of the State's old policy of replacing the old policy with a 20 per cent subsidy for the purchase of Europa Carpentry products, with a 20 per cent subsidy for businesses with a contract value of up to $10,000/household; an enterprise subsidy that can be purchased on a Euro-based basis.
Buying large-scale global furniture appliances, promoting a 20 per cent subsidy discount on sales prices, attracting large numbers of consumers, accelerating the capture of the city ' s passenger chain frontlines to reduce the acquisition costs, setting up a one-stop extension of the world ' s passenger flow.
Reduction of upstream stopovers and increased control over passenger flows; higher vertical dimensions, increased depth of operations, one-stop strategies, full product delivery, integrated design, one-stop shopping, package home-loading solutions for consumers, pre-positioning of demand in front of passenger links, and deeper collaboration between loading companies to reduce user costs. The Europeans advocate “upholstering + customization” depth.
Integration, Eurasia moves the marketing node to the design stage of the fit-out. Households identify the fit-out by embedding the Eurasia custom products, locking in demand in advance, and reducing opportunities for late competitive intervention. As of 2024, Eurasia and home-loading companies were working together and accounting for nearly 40% of the total brand sales.
In July 2021, the Shell Agreement acquired 100% of St. Dow's stockholding, completed the acquisition in April 2022, and built on the vast amount of user capital it has accumulated in the field of property brokering, which will connect the house to the home plate, thereby increasing the size and impact of the shell's domestic loading market.
115.00 %/36.11%. Compared to the traditional shell advantage of second-hand house transactions and services, shell house furniture operations in general amount to 52.7% of second-hand house-related operations, making it the second-largest growth curve within the group. The successful side of the shell house plate confirms the feasibility and profitability of front-end house relocations, and the Europeans, by gaining access to the passenger chain, have increased their control over passenger flows and avoided it.
Upstream, to expand the front-end passenger flow. A custom-driven one-stop package of "new home" models to channel global products through traditional home congestion points. Europedi, to promote a one-stop solution, in association with the big, big, big, big, big, one-stop service for European products.
In particular, the Europeans provide the full range of products for design, product installation, construction, etc., and together provide consumers with integrated design, one-stop shopping, a package of services home-loading to address the full ecological benefits of the new “design integration” strategy, and a joint b end-c win-win. From the end of the enterprise, the one-stop assembly is a win-win.
Objectively able to handle business traffic, access traditional household loading points, channel worldwide products, increase business depth, and fully raise high passenger flow utilization rates; from the standpoint of the European Union, to promote the transformation of loading companies into one-stop renovation service providers, to improve end-of-service efficiency, to control operating costs, to reshape business development logic, and to promote iterative change in service models; from the consumer perspective, one-stop shop
The whole set helps consumers solve problems on a one-stop basis, allaying their concerns about poor quality and high volume of additions. 3.3 sets of food sales combined with a fit-in strategy, two-pronged helper unit prices are explored. Consumer acceptance of customization and integration programmes continues to increase, and Euro-sales plus integration are marketed.
Market-building and integration have matured, with the number of customers with both finished products and custom models growing by 13 per cent in 2024, according to the Report on Global Spatial Trends 2024 by Kula: 66.3 per cent of the research population looking for the services of one-stop domestic firms, especially the first-line, according to the Erie consultation on the Central 2024 State Market Insight Report.
On the one-stop shop for new front-line city consumers, the demand is more pronounced, at 70.4%, which suggests that the Europeans are putting up a package, and that marketing + dress integration is a suitable response to markets and opportunities. The strategic direction for dress integration is the right one.
Invisiblely, consumer-friendly buy-outs have led to a significant increase in the amount of a single purchase by customers; on the other hand, by embedding the product into the pre-plant stage, the home-loading phase allows for the integration of home-grown advantages into the programme, not only because of the high product suitability, but also because of deep participation in the home-loading process, making the customer more Euro-based in choosing home-based products.
The newer package, promoted mainly by the Europeans, consists of 19,800, 29800, 39800, 49800, 59800, and 139800 rows, leading to higher single-store rates and higher unit prices.
In the case of the Kasu-Oi garment shop, the full-scale display of the “windows and doors” in the subdistrict model will be achieved with up to 50% of the windows, and in the case of the Chon-O market, with 33,000 single windows and a 25% net profit on the windows and doors. This year, the Euros will be more focused on market preferences, with a full new 49800.
The whole case is full-time, and the upgrade of the colored and coded furniture home apparel has led to a real fashion-integrated household experience, allowing quality families to continue to come to tens of millions of families at a “super-high-priced” rate.
7.  Anti-bacterial-Eulphate 4. Quality 10.*** All-house 3.0-fashion kitchens.
In the current stock-renovation wave, kitchen renovations are in high demand, consumers pursue personalized, intelligent cabinets, and the Europeans match demand with custom-made know-how.
Retail outlets are influenced by the stage of saturation of the stock market penetration and the shift of consumers towards one-stop wrapping. Traditional zero sales demand shrinks; however, the domestic area is used as a core of custom-made cabinets, linked to closets, creating a home space for consumers, one-stop services are made easier to buy, and dressing channels benefit from in-depth cooperation with home-loading companies and
A consummated marketing strategy, with a negative growth trend. Integrating and expanding on-line, co-opting, electricity-trading double-tubes, branding and professional marketing, and all-round driving up and down. We expect Euros 2025-2027.
As a first step, Europe-wide customization is perfect. The built-up channels are based on synergies with cabinet operations, providing home-wide customization programmes, reinforcing front-end household resource locking, and steadily increasing returns. By working with cabinets, providing a coherent home-dressing programme that meets aesthetic and practical demands, while relying on high-quality services to build up slogans, the old-fashioned new effects are significant, driving them.
Business growth. We expect an increase of 0.3%/5.1%/5.0% in the Europa closet business in 2025 and 2027, respectively.
Integration, custom-made whole-guard programs for clients, moving from monolithic supply to space, and contributing to rising incomes. Smart product rotations and the release of medium- and high-end consumer demand have led to a revival of retail outlets and upgrading of channel services to drive conversion rates. At the same time, dress-up channels are tied to the depth of the home-made processes, and match rates are raised through the spatial customization programme.
4) Mumen: Business prospects are good for Europa. Cleaning channels are bright, taking up traffic through front-end home-loading entrances, folding up a set of food binding strategies to boost joint sales. At the same time, large channels are likely to contract slightly because of the drag effect of the property chain, but companies can hedge some risks through cost control and delivery efficiency optimization. In general, wooden doors are at risk.
Closely connected to closets and cabinets, locking in the front end of the house, stimulating purchasing by style matching, package discounts, coupled with close-tracking, process upgrading, a good brand reputation, combined pull-up revenue growth. 1) Sales rate: companies head-on with retailing, marketing model innovation and facilitation.
3) R & D rates: In response to the challenges of the coldness of the household sector, companies are actively changing their innovations, and it is expected that in the coming years companies, Europe, as the leader of domestic custom-based firms, will continue to be a key source of growth, even as short-term performance fluctuates as a result of both the downside of the estate and its own strategic adjustment.
By integrating core items such as cabinets, closets, baths, wooden doors, etc., the Europeans have been integrated from the source of design, one-stop shops, to meet house-to-house customization needs, and to avoid consumer spending. It not only saves time and energy, but also stimulates joint consumption with specialization.
With a strong supply chain that guarantees high quality, fast delivery, and cost controls in place, the Europeans will open up more room for growth and continue to lead the industry.
1. The real estate sector is still undergoing a period of adjustment, and the demand for housing may be relatively inadequate, with some impact on the performance of the public sector and on end-market patterns and channels. Competition in the internal and external markets has increased.
In order to capture a greater share of the market, intra-household competition has increased; externally, the build-up of people has risen rapidly, with some of them extending their product value chains or cross-border firms increasing the number of cross-border entrants into the industry. Policies have not worked as well as expected.
Policies appear to take time and may not have a significant impact on corporate performance in the short term.