The Zhejiang power gap boosted performance by deploying new profit points in the diversified industry -- first-time coverage report on Zhejiang Power (600023.sh)
Zhejiang’s power gap boosted the growth of performance, and diversified industries deployed new profit points on 17 August 2018.
Jiang Province, as China’s economic power department, has always maintained a strong demand for electricity. For almost seven years, except in 2015, Zhejiang province has seen a higher rate of increase in electricity than in electricity generation, and there is a large gap in electricity use across the province.
The company’s management and holding machines occupy a leading position in the province, with limited additional space available for the use of hours. The company’s main company, fire power, management and holding capacity, as a proportion of the capacity installed in Zhejiang province, has been rising year by year, and by the end of 2017, the share of the power from Zhejiang was 300 degrees deep.
Nearly 50% of the population is in the province. In the future, there will be limited space for new installed power and electrical power throughout the province, with a steady medium-to-medium trend in the use of electricity.
In a situation where the development of electricity and electricity is limited in the country, companies actively participate in nuclear power companies and take advantage of the development of nuclear power industries, which will help to open up new profit growth points. And the distribution of light will help to create new profit growth points.
Since 2016, the process of public-private transformation has continued in depth, and Zhejiang Province is the only local pilot for the country, and the company is expected to benefit in the long run. As Zhejiang province’s electricity reform continues, the electricity market is directly linked.
The company’s main data (2018.8.16) is a competitive trade in selenium power, which, by virtue of its leading position in the field of fire and electricity in Zhejiang province, is expected to gain a larger share of the market through direct trading in the electricity market. In addition, companies enter into long-term agreements on electricity and coal, reducing business costs and increasing profit margins.
For the first time, the average value of the valuation of electricity listed companies covered the rating given to the company as “buy-in.” Risk factors: the risk of falling demand for electricity; the risk of overcapacity; the risk of competition in the electricity market and price adjustment; and the risk of environmental policies: the risk of rising coal prices.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
I. Zhejiang Regional Energy Lead Enterprise, Main Fire and Power Operations, 1.1 Fire and Power-based Power Integrated Power Assets Operational Platform, Zhejiang Zhejiang Energy Company Limited (“Zejiang Power”), which is the main power and power-based primary asset operating platform of Zhejiang Energy Group Limited, which is primarily engaged in firepower
In addition, the company provides heat products, as well as nuclear power investments. The company was listed on a stock market in December 2013. The company consolidated the main power-generation assets of Zhejiang, gas, fuel, nuclear power, etc., which are part of the Zhejiang Power Group.
The scale of investment in power production has grown year by year, and production indicators, such as installed capacity and power generation, have grown steadily, and have grown into a company-owned energy group in Zhejiang province and throughout the country, with real control over the State Finance Committee of Zhejiang province.
1.2 Diversification of revenues, company power generation and growth, active expansion and diversification of operations The company is the largest power generation company in Zhejiang province, with management and holding capacity at about half of the capacity of the provincial assembly units, in the country's pre-local power generation industry.
Figure 3 Māori rates (%) and changes (%) for companies, figure 2 operating income (billions) and growth (%) since its listing in 2013, company steam sales have increased from 5.65 million tons to 15.31 million tons (as at 31 December 2017), increasing the scale of heat supply by the same amount.
In addition to the Fire Power Project, the company has been active in expanding the scope of its operations, setting up nuclear power generation, and participating in a number of high-quality nuclear power companies. These include the Qinshan Consort, Qinshan Third Nuclear Power Company, Qin Nuclear Power Company, China Nuclear Power Company, Qin Niaoning Nuclear Power Company, Qin Nuclear Power Company Limited, China Nuclear Energy Limited, and Zhejiang Three High-temperature Plants Limited.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company was China’s second-largest circulating shareholder in nuclear power. In addition, the company was actively investing in the transformation process, with $12.315 billion invested in 2017 to complete the project.
The following table shows the total amount of energy generated in 2017 and by the controlling enterprises:
Table 1 Full-time and controlled power generation in 2017 shows a significant increase in electricity generation, with Zhejiang's leader occupying the same position. The company began to recover from 2015 and is on a year-to-year upward trend, with total power generation increasing by more than 10% over the last two years.
The vast majority of the Division ' s electricity generation comes from thermal power, which accounts for 99.94 per cent of total electricity generation; in 2017, the company began grid-connected power generation of eight photovoltaic projects with a smaller share of 0.06 per cent. By region of operation, the company ' s power generation was concentrated in Zhejiang province, with Xinjiang and Ningxia involved in a small number of thermal power generation operations. The company generated 113.28 million kilowatt-hours of electricity in Zhejiang province, while the amount of light-voltage electricity generated was 738.89 million kilowatt-hours; and in Ningxia, 1.751 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generated in Xinjiang.
For 478 million kWh, the company’s installed capacity has steadily increased to provide a guaranteed supply of electricity. At the end of 2017, the company managed and controlled a total of 72 generators with a total installed capacity of 3213.758 kW. Of these, 54 coal-fired machines had a total installed capacity of 28,811,000 kWh, or 87.47 per cent; 18 gas-combined cycle units, with an increase of 333 hours a year. Of these, coal machines used 4.747 hours, an increase of 385 hours compared to 2016; and combustion used 1.222 hours, an increase compared to 2016.
Increase by 51 hours. Average standard coal consumption for the company ' s management fleet continued to decrease to 296.25 g/kWh in 2017, down 0.58 g/kWh from 2016. Figure 9217 share of the company ' s electric power, photovoltaic power generation and total controlled power generation in the first quarter of the year accounted for 37.89 per cent of the power generated in Zhejiang province, rising steadily.
By the end of 2017, the capacity of a coal-fired machine of 600,000 kW class and above was approximately 74% of the total capacity of the company's controlled and managed coal-fired unit, better than the national industry average. Moreover, by the end of 2017, the average unit load rate had increased by an average of 1.18 percentage points and electricity consumption had fallen by nearly 0.58 g/kWh.
Figure 15 XE power generation and share of the province shows that 16 XEE power generators and share of the province have a stable asset-liability ratio of less than 40 per cent (39.05 per cent in 2017) for the last three years, and that the company operates with reasonable leverage. At the same time, the company continues to operate on a continuous basis.
This is a leading initiative to reduce efficiency gains. The combined cost of electricity has been reduced by 0.69 cents from 1.01 points in 2016, increasing profits by nearly $783 million, through high-efficiency efficiency measures such as the seizure of electricity, the provision of heat, energy consumption, and strong controls.
Joint storage management of production materials directly reduced inventory by about $20 million and material procurement by about $10 million; completed the stock withdrawal of zombie enterprises, including Phoenix Hill, and the write-off of Xinjiang. Corporate financial cost rates have gradually declined in recent years, with a financial cost rate of 2.06 per cent (less than 3 per cent) in 2017, indicating an optimal corporate management structure with a liability ratio for electricity assets in figure 18 XZ (%) and changes (%)
Figure 17 Financial cost rates (%) and changes (%) of energy power, II. Good performance on the side of electricity demand, boosting company capacity, 2.1 national economic growth and sustained rapid growth in electricity use throughout the society
In 2017, industry at the national level and above increased by 6.6 per cent, or 0.6 percentage points in the same year, which was the best level in the last three years; the manufacturing industry as a whole rose steadily, with a monthly average of 51.6 per cent in 2017, up from 1.3 percentage points in the previous year. The economy continued to function well and the use of electricity remained growing faster. For reasons such as the increase in electricity consumption and the favourable economic situation in the country, the overall consumption of electricity amounted to 32,29.1 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 9.4 per cent in the same year.
Figure 19 Social power consumption and speed of increase, figure 20 National power plant power generation equipment installed at a rate of 642 trillion kWh nationwide in 2017, an increase of 6.5 per cent compared to the same year, slightly less than the increase in electricity use.
Power generation grew by 1.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis at 3.18 trillion kWh in the first half of 2018, up 10.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, slightly higher than the rate of increase in electricity use. Of this amount, electricity generation increased by 9.57 per cent on a year-on-year basis and electricity generation increased by 2.51 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In the first half of 2018, the total installed capacity of the country increased by 6.2 per cent, the power capacity increased by 4.1 per cent and the capacity increased by 2.7 per cent, respectively, and the installation of power generation equipment slowed down compared to the previous period. 2.2 The demand for electricity in Zhejiang was higher, and the number of hours spent in the province increased significantly.
In the first half of 2018, Zhejiang province experienced an increase in electricity demand at a much faster rate than in electricity generation. As an economic power department in the east of the country, the rate of economic development was long in the forefront of the country, with electricity demand remaining high. In the first half of 2018, Zhejiang province used 208.6 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity, an increase of 10.95 per cent over the same period, a sharp increase from 2017 and a national increase of 1.55 percentage points, and in the east, higher than in Jiangsu, Shanghai and other major electricity provinces. In January-June 2018, Zhejiang province used 146.61 million kWh of electricity.
In the first half of 2018, the amount of electricity generated in Zhejiang province increased by 5.8 per cent compared to the same year, less than the rate of 5.15 percentage points. For the last seven years, except in 2015, Zhejiang province increased its electricity consumption faster than the rate of electricity generation.
As economic development improves, Zhejiang maintains a high rate of increase in electricity use, with a significant gap in electricity use throughout the province. In 2017, the power gap reached 93.3 billion kilowatt-hours.
As the average number of hours spent on power generation in Zhejiang province increases, the rate of electricity out-sourcing will slow down. Figure 25 Zhejiang province has a power gap in recent years (in millions of kWh) where the room for new power installed is limited, and the number of hours used by the provincial fire units has risen steadily.
Since 2015, the share of fire power has been reduced year by year, and the share of fire power has been largely filled by non-fossil energy installed in Zhejiang province. In 2017, the capacity of the Zhejiang province power generation equipment in the first half of the year amounted to 82,49 million kW, of which 61,168 million kW, or 74.8 per cent, was increased by 5.9 percentage points from the previous year. In the future, Zhejiang province ' s non-fosssil energy assembly space will be significant, and the structure of power installed throughout the province will continue to be optimized. According to the Zhejiang province ' s 13th Plan for Electricity Development:
During the 13th Five-Year Plan, 13.3 million kilowatts of new non-fossil energy units will be built throughout the province, accounting for about 88% of the new ones. In 2020, the power load of the province reached about 94 million kilowatts, with a reduction in the share of electric heaters to 62.6% and a limited number of new heat loaders.
In 2017, the country entered a dry water cycle, affected by weather conditions, using 3,790 hours of hydropower equipment, 42 hours less than in 2016, with Zhejiang water coming down significantly from 2016, 1,790 hours less than in 2016, 714 hours less than in 2016, and 1.56 billion kilowatt hours less than in 2017.
In the first half of the year, 789 hours of hydropower were used in Zhejiang province, reducing the amount of hydroelectric power generation to 6.6 billion kWh, a decrease of 21.8 per cent from the same year, benefiting from the reduction in electricity supply in Zhejiang province, the reduction in electricity consumption in the province of Zhejiang and the reduction in electricity power generation in the province of Zhejiang due to precipitation factors, and the expansion of electricity generation space in Zhejiang province.
Figure 30 Comparison of the number of hours spent on electricity and electricity in recent years across the country 244 to 4,165 hours per year, changing the trend over the past five years of continuous decline in the number of hours spent on electricity and electricity, which also increased by 7.1 to 255.4 million kilowatt-hours over the same period. The number of hours spent on electricity and electricity in Zhejiang Province increased by 2153 in the first half of 2018, and by 180 hours over the same period in the previous year, the amount of electricity generated by fire and electricity increased by 9.2 to 132.04 million.
The increase in electricity generation in Zhejiang province has been steadily increasing since 2015, and the increase in electricity generation in Zhejiang province has remained high.
In addition, given the limited space available for future fire power additions throughout the province, it is expected to maintain a high level of water utilization over the long term. The company is the largest power generation company in Zhejiang province, with management and control capacity accounting for about half of the capacity of the provincial assembly.
A new breakthrough is expected in the company’s power generation business collection.iii. Expanding a wide range of power generation operations, continuously optimizing the asset structure by participating in 3.1 nuclear power companies and building growth points in corporate investment returns
According to the 13th Five-Year Plan for Energy Development in Zhejiang Province, during the 13th Five-Year Plan, Zhejiang Province will accelerate the construction of three nuclear power stages, three nuclear power phases two and three, Zhejiang Sano nuclear power, basically completing the pre-stage work on nuclear power in the like mountains, conducting research on nuclear power in China Island, and enhancing the protection of nuclear power plants. By 2020, Zhejiang Province will have nuclear power plants with a capacity of about 9 million kW and more than 5 million kW in construction.
In 2015, the energy consumption structure of Zhejiang Province is currently 1406.4 kilowatts (kW) of the company’s share-in-stock nuclear assembly capacity, with an equity capacity of 2,8663 kilowatts (kW) and the highest interest-in-interest nuclear assembly in the company’s public sector. The company has performed well in the operations of the stock-in-stock enterprise. In 2017, the net profits from nuclear power in Qinsan and the Qinsan consortium were 2,053 million yuan and 1,763 million yuan, respectively, with investment returns.
In 2017, the company continued its active deployment of nuclear power projects with investments of $14.7 billion, $100 million, $900 million and $75 million, respectively, in the Zhejiang three high-temperature power plants, China North Nuclear Power Company Limited, China Nuclear Ocean Nuclear Power Development Company Limited and China Nuclear Power Plant Investment (Tianjin) Limited.
On the basis of this, the company is actively involved in the research and development of the fourth generation of advanced nuclear power systems -- wave reactor technology, high-temperature reactor projects, and marine nuclear power projects, giving priority to advanced production capabilities and harnessing the early stages of the development of the nuclear power industry.
3.2 With existing power plant resources, Zhejiang Province has given strong support to the photovoltaic industry. The Zhejiang Province Energy Development 13th Five-Year Plan provides for the active development of photovoltaic power, the implementation of the national “photo-hide” programme, the promotion of demonstration areas for distributed photovoltaic applications, and the intensification of photovoltaic poverty alleviation. According to the plan, Zhejiang Province will have 6 million kilowatts of distribution over the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan.
Power generation and photovoltaic power stations, home roofs, reach 1 million households and run the pre-project of 2 million kilowatts. In 2017, six companies owned a total of 738.9 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generated from eight photovoltaic projects.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company ' s involvement in photovoltaic power generation was active in expanding overseas operations, with clear strategic advantages.
In 2017, the company actively expanded its overseas operations, investing in two x 660 mw coal-fired power plants in Chittagong, Bangladesh, and a Brazilian hydroelectric power plant project. The company invested approximately $132.5 million in 20% of the equity of the 2 x 660 mw coal-fired power plant in Chittagong, Bangladesh, to build, own, operate (boo model) the coal-fired power plant.
Electricity generation is growing rapidly, but Bangladesh continues to have one of the lowest per capita electricity consumption in the world, and there is much room for future growth in the country’s electricity market.
In 2017, Zhejiang Energy Futur Fuel Co. Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, and Zhegen Group, as shareholders in Zhejiang Energy International Ltd., jointly replenished Zhejiang Energy International Ltd. in cash at their respective shareholding ratios to invest in 35% of the concession to operate the São Simão hydroelectric plant in Brazil, the ninth largest hydroelectric plant in Brazil, located at the heart of Brazil’s electricity load, and the San Simão hydroelectric project itself was of good quality and at a low premium of 6.5%.
The winning rate has created a good start for the follow-up of the project. The project has now been completed. We believe that the firm ' s active deployment of overseas projects is conducive to the company ' s ability to break through the limitations of traditional fire power operations, foster new profit growth points and diversify.
Since 2016, the process has continued in depth as a leading power company in Zhejiang province. On September 28, 2016, the National Development Reform Commission convened a pilot workshop on the reform of mixed State-owned enterprises to study the deployment of a pilot reform of mixed State-owned enterprises.
The meeting identified a new mix of 6+1 pilot models, with Zhejiang Province as the only local pilot of the 6+1 pilot. Currently, the overall securitization rate of Zhejiang State enterprises is 47%, which is still far from the target of 75% of Zhejiang's 13+5 Plan for the Development of Business Reforms in Zhejiang Province.
There is still room for an increase in the 75% target set out in the 13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Business Reform. Thus, as the process of diversification of the Zhejiang State has deepened, the Zhegen Group has been motivated to improve the capital structure and scale up.
In 2015, following the issuance of the Opinions of the Central Chinese Republic and the State Council on further deepening the reform of the electricity system, the reform of the electricity sector and the reform of the electricity system began. The document did set a new target of “leaving the two sides open and keeping the middle” by making the reform of the transmission and distribution prices, improving the marketized trading system, establishing a relatively independent power trading agency, and promoting side-to-side reforms.
The main points of the Zhejiang power reform process are as follows: At present, most of Zhejiang's electricity trade is directly for large users, with the government leading the electricity-generating companies competing for access to the Internet. In 2017 Zhejiang's installation structure was still dominated by fire, with a capacity of 68.93% of the total installed capacity in the province. As the leader of Zhejiang Fire and Power Enterprise, the company has a certain level of size in competition in the province's electricity market.
At the request of the Zhejiang province government department, direct trading of electricity is carried out on a pilot basis with electricity-generating enterprises. Direct trading of electricity is included in the annual power-production balance of the province. Direct trading is done by means of a competitive bidding process based on a trading platform, with prices determined by marginal clean-up, the winning electricity-generating enterprises are ranked according to price, from low to high, and the prices reported by two or more companies are distributed in proportion to the quantity of electricity reported.
Users and generators of electricity-related equipment are moving in the same direction, and trading is in principle settled by grid companies with electricity users and power-generating enterprises respectively. As electricity reforms in Zhejiang province progress, direct bidding in the electricity market and investment in incremental distribution grids will gradually be liberalized: with its strong power in the electricity sector, Zhegen’s direct trading in the electricity market is expected to gain a greater share of the market for power trading, and will expand its scope of operations by participating in the construction of the incremental distribution grid.
The raw materials purchased abroad by the company are mainly coal and gas. Coal combustion is mainly procured by the wholly-owned subsidiary Zhejiang Zhejiang Energy Hogen Fuel Company Ltd. from domestic coal producers and from overseas suppliers through Zhejiang Energy International Ltd. (formerly known as Zhegen Group (HK).
Company supply, price of supply, is based on gas prices established by the Zhejiang Provincial Price Authority. Figure 38 Procurement routes for raw materials for electricity from Zhejiang, the main upstream supplier of the fire power industry, where coal prices continue to be high, puts considerable pressure on the cost side of electricity from Zhejiang, reducing the profit margin.
Coal procurement management, combined weighted average purchase price is about $30/ton lower than the Cci spot index for the entire year. In order to prevent the risk that coal prices will continue to rise, on 11 January 2018, the National Energy Group signed a three-year agreement with key electricity companies such as the Grand Tang Group, the National Power Source Group, the China Power Group, the Jiangsu Nations Trust Group, and the Enchantine Shares. The contract term is from 2019 to 2021, rolling over a three-year cycle; and the price mechanism of the “base price plus floating price” continues to be implemented.
The price remained unchanged at 2017, at $535 per tonne; in quantitative terms, the number of annual contracts entered into by enterprises in 2018, at 60 per cent of the base, was used as the number of contracts for each of the following three years. The three-year agreement of the Association was long in duration, reliable in quantity, clear price mechanisms, and strong safeguards were in place to facilitate a regulated supply of coal across the industry.
In addition to reducing cost pressures on sequestered electricity by reducing fluctuations in supply and demand, stabilizing market expectations, and achieving smooth coal prices and promoting healthy development in the coal electricity sector, the company market sales of coal increased significantly, with 15 million tons of coal sold in 2017; the powered coal futures hedging operation was 2.64 million tons, yielding about $70 million in 2017.
In the future, as coal prices gradually return to rational space, the cost of fuel will be reduced, and the company’s profitability will be restored.1 Zhejiang province is the economic province of China’s east, with high demand for electricity. The electricity sector has experienced steady growth in demand and good demand side performance, particularly as the province of Zhejiang is the economic province of China’s east, and the demand for electricity has remained strong. For nearly seven years, except in 2015, Zhejiang province has seen an increase in electricity consumption at a faster rate than that of electricity generation, with a significant shortfall in electricity consumption throughout the province.
The company’s main power plant, management and control capacity, which accounts for the share of installed capacity in Zhejiang province, is rising year by year, and by the end of 2017 it was close to 50%, and it is taking the lead in the province.
Space is limited and the trend towards a steady medium-to-medium level of electricity use is conducive to increasing the number of hours spent on the power plant. At the same time, as a result of the reduction in electricity generation in Zhejiang province and the reduction in electricity production in Zhejiang province due to precipitation factors, the capacity for electricity generation in Zhejiang province has been expanded. 3. Nuclear power participation, photovolts, optimization of the installation structure, and the opening of new profit growth points. In a situation where the development of electricity in the country is limited, companies actively participate in the Nuclear Power Company to secure nuclear power.
In 2016, the state-owned transformation process continued to deepen, and Zhejiang Province was the only local pilot for the country’s transformation. As the electricity reform in Zhejiang province progressed, the electricity market was directly traded, and the energy power generation was based on its leadership in the field of fire and electricity in Zhejiang province.
Direct transactions in the electricity market are expected to generate a greater share of the market for electricity. In addition, companies enter into long-term agreements for electricity and coal to reduce business costs and raise profit margins.
A sensitivity analysis of the net profits, pss and the magnitude of the changes, based on changes in the price of coal, changes in the number of hours used, changes in the price of electricity ($/kWh), shows that the firm’s net profits, pss against the price of coal, the number of hours used, and the elasticity of the changes in the price of electricity. After 2018, once the price of coal returns to the rational zone, or the company’s fleet uses the number of hours and the price of electricity on the Internet is raised, the company’s performance will rebound.
The average value of the value of the valuation of the company that reported the choice, for the first time, covered the rating given to the company for “buy-in”.1 The risk of declining demand for electricity is that the business performance of the power generation enterprise is more relevant to the economic cycle, with the down-cycle of the economy directly triggering a reduction in the demand for electricity for the entire society, while reducing the average hourly utilization of the generator fleet, adversely affecting the profitability of the power generation enterprise.
2. Risks of excess capacity: China ' s economic development has entered a new normal, structural adjustment has accelerated, the rate of increase in electricity use has slowed significantly, and there are contradictions in excess capacity. Overcapacity can easily trigger excessive competition between power-generating enterprises, thus affecting the profitability of power-generating enterprises.3 The risks of competition in the electricity market and price adjustment: government price authorities have adjusted the price of the Internet poles and, with the reform of the electricity system, direct trade in electricity has expanded.
Increased competition in the electricity market and increased pressure to operate power-generating enterprises.4 Environmental policy risks: the country is facing increasing resource and environmental constraints, promoting energy conservation and reduction, promoting green low-carbon development, exposing electricity-generating enterprises to environmental costs.5 Coal costs account for a larger share of electricity-generating costs in coal-fired enterprises.5 As the supply side of the coal industry continues to evolve, coal is becoming a major contributor to the cost of electricity generation.
The gas industry chain, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, and carbon emissions, will have a negative impact on the profitability of coal-fired electricity-generating enterprises.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.