\triangleright profits of $1,587 million, i.e. +164.97% of the year. The main reason for the significant increase in company performance is the steady progress in building new capacity, the continued optimization of supply chain management and the rapid upgrading of technology in R & D processes during the reporting period.
Globalization continues to unfold, with the volume of output rising to record levels. In the first three quarters of 2022, company batteries delivered 27.10gw (including 352.20mw for their own use) of which the volume of overseas shipments was about 64%, advanced capacity expanding and vertically integrated.
Physical capacity continues to expand, building and planning capacity is expected to reach production next year, with components, Dun Young-kang, expected to produce over 50gw by the end of 2022. The upstream silicon and battery capacity is about 80% of the component capacity, and the company was able to produce it on October 27th.
The company issued an announcement on 25 August, in which it announced its intention to expand the company's integrated production capacity, to invest in the 5gw conversion project and the 5gw component of the compost project, with a total investment of 1,565 million yuan.
It is proposed to release up to $10 billion in debt-transferable funds to cover 20gw crystals, slicing s01052207002 projects, 10gw high-efficiency batteries and 5gw high-efficiency components per year, and 10gw high-efficiency solar energy per year
Battery Project, this integrated layout will strengthen the company's leading role in industrial development of large-scale N-type products Research assistant Lin Fukugi advantage; in addition, the company prefers 1.3 gwn battery project to be put into production and the delivery of the N-efficient component begins.
New projects in Viet Nam, such as 2.5gw crystals and slices, 5gw slices and 6gw batteries, 10gw batteries in Yangzhou, choreography, 10gw batteries and 5gw assemblies, are moving forward as planned, and new production can meet market-highness.
During the reporting period, companies rolled out the N-efficient battery module, Deepblue 4.0x, with high-efficiency n-by-cium plus power, which they developed autonomously.
1. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) semi-annual reporting in 2022, pool technology (24.8 per cent +) and high-density component containment technology developed autonomously by crystal Australasia - one zero-space flexible interconnectivity technology (gfi) - circular welding band combined with special buffer design, eliminating conventional heights
The hidden risk of fragmentation at the density cell connection to ensure that the component is stable and reliable, with maximum power of up to 625w, 22q1 quarterly reviews: vertical integration accelerated layout with maximum conversion efficiency of one component of up to 22.4 per cent, which is about 3.9 per cent higher than that of the mainstream p component,
Two-wing strategy advanced further by 2022/05/02, while bos costs could be reduced by a maximum of about 2.1 per cent, lcoe costs by a maximum of 4.6 per cent and project returns \triangleright
The company is the leading firm in the photovoltaic integration component, accelerated vertical integration, advanced in a two-wing strategy, and is expected to benefit from the high profile of the photovoltaic industry, maintaining a “recommended” rating. The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, is presented independently and objectively, and is held accountable for the content and views of the report. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.