Event: 9 November 2022, Crystal and Australasia N component, new item Deepblue 4.0 x white skin
The \triangleright book is published with a heavy weight. Deepblue 4.0x has a higher efficiency and power, and the four main advantages of the product form the basis for strengthening the corporate industry and laying the ground for a pre-emptive market advantage.
Efficient, high-powered, enabling-n-type technology-leading industry. For component efficiency, the component component follows crystal-zero-range flexible interconnection technology (gif), using circular welding bands and special buffer designs.
At the component power level, deepblue 4.0x uses an N-efficient double-sided cell bycium+ developed autonomously by Crystal Australia, based on a high-size silicon slice of 182 mm, folded with a millisecond low-oxyn-n silicon, optimal surface passivation and passivation contact.
At present, the battery can produce more than 25% of its output. The Deepblue 4.0x component uses high-efficiency n bycium+ battery technology based on a range of advantages inherited from the Deepblue 3.0 component.
Deng Yongkang designed to remove the hidden risk of breakage at the general high-density battery connection to ensure that the component is stable and reliable, with a maximum of s01052110006.
High power can reach 625w and maximum conversion efficiency of components can reach 22.4 per cent, with component layouts including 54, 72, 78 versions, perfect combinations, business and ground power stations, etc.
Product performance is high, with unlimited potential to increase the value of the customer. Power decay 4.0 x has a natural advantage, with a first-year decline of 1%, and a linear annual decline of 0.4% well above the conventional p-type components. For high-temperature power generation, a temperature factor of -0.30%/°C for the Deepblue 4.0x component, and a conventional p-type component.
The temperature factor is -0.35%/°C, and the power advantage will be more pronounced with the component operating temperature increasing further.
Right, by about 10% over conventional p-components. With regard to low-irradiation power generation performance, cells are less photolytic due to better internal resistance design of the bycium+ battery, higher child lifetimes and open circuit voltage. Using the Dubai 100mw ground power station project as an example, the results show the adoption of Deepblue 4.0x.
The components can be reduced by 2.1 per cent compared to the current cost of the dominant ultra-high current p photovoltaic product bos, lcoe cost 1. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) in the tri-quarters of 2022, with a reduction of 4.6 per cent in excellent decay properties, high temperature properties, two-sided power-generation properties and weak light properties.
The same performance was high, with the accelerated expansion of integrated production capacity and higher capacity - 2022/1 - contributing to higher customer value and enhanced competitive advantage of enterprises.
The company is the leading firm in the photovoltaic integration component, accelerating vertical integration and moving forward with a two-wing strategy, and is expected to benefit from the high profile of the photovoltaic industry and maintain a “recommended” rating. 22q1 quarterly reviews: vertical integration acceleration, one.
The two-wing strategy advances in depth the methodology and analytical logic of the study, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.