There was a significant increase in the performance of 03, and the six banks still have a profit-making capacity.
Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2023, yielding 57,855 million yuan, an increase of 9.02 per cent over the previous three quarters; net return to the mother $21,524 million (deduction of $21,456 million), an increase of 4.13 per cent over the same period
Realising a net return to the mother of $12,642 million (with a deduction of $12,960 million), an increase of 38.07 per cent over the same period (with a significant increase in water-favourability performance over q3; and a potential increase in profitability. In 2023, with a gain of 22.77 per cent over the third quarter of the river, the driving performance increased considerably, but the company ' s overall profitability increased.
At historically low levels, the company Leung Yonan continues to have excellent cash flows as water anomalies are eliminated and financial costs are reduced in the future.
The annual water storage mission has been completed, with more than 9 billion kilowatt-hours in storage and a strong guarantee of performance release. As a result of improved water availability in the Yangtze River basin, in the third quarter of 2023, a total of about 10,123 million kilowatt-hours of electricity was generated from the six ladder stations within the company, an increase of 22.77% over the same period of the previous year.
The six escalator reservoirs completed their annual water storage on October 20, with a total capacity of 41 billion m3 million kWh. The completion of the water storage and the substantial increase in water availability will provide a strong guarantee that the company will complete the Utund and White Crane Beach power station in April of this year with a total installed capacity of 45,595,000 kWh.
To 717.95 kilowatts, an increase of 57.46%. The company's expansion from a four-bureau to a six-bureau network could increase performance stability and power generation through a step-by-step ironing of water discrepancies between the drying and water-rich periods. 2023 was the first full year of the company's six-bureau interface, and it is expected that it will be able to do so throughout the year through a six-bureau interface.
Expanding the integration of “waterlight storage” and opening the second-growth curve in the new track. Companies are actively investing in the industrial chain, both upstream and downstream, and in related new and emerging areas, while insisting on strong hydropower masters;
Corporate core capacity for large hydropower transport, high-quality layout and promotion of pumping energy storage operations, targeting of savings project resources of 30-40 million kilowatts, with the first pumping power station - Gansu Jang Pumping power station operating smoothly; active promotion of integrated renewable energy development for “waterwind storage” downstream of the Jinsha River, 2022
The first new energy stations were put into operation successfully; intelligent and integrated energy operations were promoted, the urban green integrated energy housekeeper model was introduced, and the “source-net storage” was actively deployed in an integrated manner.
Over the years, the water is expected to improve, and Uber has injected 57% of the build-up machine, and the China Galaxy Securities Institute has committed itself to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Downstream research. He worked on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.