Sino-micro Corporation: The way of the polars, first refines and then completes — semiconductor equipment depth study series II August 30, 2021
We believe that semiconductor equipment companies have two typical business models, one represented by the global semiconductor equipment tap, “Application Materials”, and the semiconductor equipment product line, which covers almost all categories except light-engine, and is dedicated to building it.
The other is represented by a “panel group”, which extends to process-linked membrane and cleaning/degenerative areas, with a more focused operation, with global etching-heads, which we call “specialized enterprises.” From the development of the last 20 years, the gap between the group and the application material, in terms of volume and market value of semiconductor areas, has gradually narrowed.
The development model of China-Micro is more like the Panforest Group, which uses integrated circuit etching machines and general semiconductor mocvd devices for fist-type products, technology and products that are extremely demanding, difficult, sophisticated, and complete. In-country semiconductor dry etchings, ccp equipment leaders in the field of ccp equipment, icp equipment is well under way, and beneficiary production replaces the rapid outbreak of the east wind.
The ccp medium etching equipment and the silicon puncture equipment have reached internationally advanced levels and have been widely used on the production lines of major international chip manufacturers and sealers in 45nm to 7nm and more advanced processing processes and state-of-the-art encapsulation processes, while the electrosensive plasma (icp) etching equipment has been produced on the production lines of multiple logical chip and storage chip manufacturers up to a cumulative rate of over 100 departures from the country up to 2021h1.
Important, the storage structure 3d pulls high depth-wide corrosion demand, which together drive the corrosion machine to become a relatively fast market-sized variety of semiconductor front-track equipment. The downstream semiconductor manufacturing capacity transfer and stacking policy has accelerated the replacement of national production, and the corrosion equipment of MSMEs has reached the stage of gold development.
In recent years, there has been a decline, while the high-end mini-led and micro-led are on the verge of an outbreak, with the mid- and micro-mocvd turning point coming. The company will expand the area of film equipment, carbonated silicon liners, laser cutting, optical detection, etc. through its involvement in projects such as the Shen Yotao, Shandong Sky, Dragon Laser, Wise Instrument.
Huaann Research: Expanding the value of investment, catching up with advanced international standards, building a national semiconductor equipment supermarket, company semiconductor etching machines and mocvd equipment are in the lead in the market.
The gap between the global etching engine taps, the forest group, and the application material is gradually closing, the semiconductor manufacturing capacity transfers and autonomously controlled acceleration of the domestication of equipment, strong wind vents, dilution of valuations, and long-term corporate development.
Huaann Research: Expanding the value of investment. First, catching up with advanced international standards, building up a national semiconductor equipment supermarket.
Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Values — 1.1 After Global Semiconductor Equipment, Erosion Equipment, Mocvd Equipment, etc., UTO is a leading national, internationally recognized semiconductor microprocessor. The company focuses on integrated circuits, led key manufacturing equipment, and core products include:
1) ion etching equipment (ccp, icp), deep silicon etching equipment (tsv), etc. in the area of integrated circuits; 2) mocvd equipment in the area of led chipes. Erosion preparedness is complemented by mocvd equipment operations, where companies start from integrated circuit etching equipment and extend horizontally into the area of led, while the company mocvd equipment has dominated the domestic market of nitrogenated silicon, where lines of operations are mature and can continuously fund the company ' s semiconductor equipment operations.
Chart: High-end electronic equipment in the main camp of Sino-micro, mainly corrosion equipment, mocvd equipment, environmental equipment, etc.
In August 2004, Yoon Zhiyu, the current chairman of the 60-year-old China Insignia company, decided to lead a team back to start a business, starting the national production process of semiconductor equipment without bringing back any drawings and technical information, almost bare hands. With the support of the Shanghai Municipality and the State, the start-up funds were successfully secured, fast-tracked into the development fast-track, fast-tracked 65nm plasma etching machines were developed, and the equipment was gradually phased in to 45nm, 32nm, 28nm, 16nm, 7nm and 5nm, and for the first time, a dual-reaction station medium was developed in the industry.
In 2019, the company was the first hard-tech firm with hundreds of billions of dollars in market value. Chart: Developments in 2004 have been successful in promoting the nationalization of semiconductor equipment.
First ccp etching, first voc setup
ccp etching device ccp etching device Second generation mocvd
mocvd device premoad-rie primosscad-
Ad-rie and d-rie developed into etching equipment
Rie etching equipment into 5nm to produce Prismo
Hit3 first tsv etching, first modvd set
& Improve Primossc 's first icp engraved presmod-
ad-rie etching mocvdprismo ready, etching device
a7 = response cavity transport development successful
Plumosschd-nanova has been developed successfully.
According to the company in mid-2021, the share-holding ratio of the first shareholder of MSMEs in Shanghai was 15.67 per cent, and the share-holding ratio of the second shareholder in Shanghai was 15.17 per cent.
The share share ratio is similar. Shanghai created the Shanghai State Property Supervisory Board, which injected 50 million dollars of “seed money” into it from its inception, and continued to invest nine times in the next 15 years until its listing. The investment was a fully-owned subsidiary of the National Integrated Circuit Investment Fund, Inc. As a result of the closeness of the shares, the important decision-making was a joint decision-making process, based on the company’s current actual management of its operations, and the company has no real control.
One of the employee holding platforms, Nam Chang Zhihua, is the third largest shareholder in the company, and since it was listed, has introduced a variety of incentives, with a wide range of incentives and full-share ownership within the company.
▪ 1.3 Promote full-share ownership within the company, which stimulates a wide range of radiation.
Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, founder of China Micro Corporation, has been in his profession for many years. He is highly respected. He has been employed in such semiconductor companies as Intel, Panlin Semiconductor, and Applied Materials. He has accumulated a wealth of technical theory and industrial experience. He has attracted a large number of professionals since his establishment. He has a prominent background in the qualifications of the company's core technical staff, and he has a prominent international background.
Chart: Many senior executives and core technicians have a well-known overseas semiconductor business background.
The semiconductor sector, as a high-technology enterprise, has a capital-intensive, technology-intensive and human-intensive character. As at 31 December 2020, the ratio of firms ' production, sales, R & D, technicians was 18.57 per cent, 6.60 per cent, 38.70 per cent, and 17.79 per cent, respectively, of which R & D personnel and technicians together accounted for 56.49 per cent. In terms of their educational qualifications, 32.8 per cent of employees with an undergraduate degree and 78.3 per cent of employees with an undergraduate degree and above were in line with the characteristics of the semiconductor industry.
Chinaan Research — Expanding the value of investment — 1.5 major technological projects, winning many honorary achievements of the national semiconductor equipment star company, led personally by the executive director of the company, led by a number of major national technology projects that made breakthroughs in the high-end etching, high-end mocvd equipment, and were successfully delivered.
Since its inception, China and China have earned a lot of credit for their excellent management team, rigorous patenting, and quality of their products, and have achieved national production of semiconductor equipment and star companies. In 2009, Semi awarded Sino and China “the local semiconductor equipment and materials company award of greatest interest” to the United States' semiconductor magazine.
Good Products Award; Awarded by the National Office of Major Science and Technology Implementation Management for Excellence Team Award in 2010 and 2012; first year of corporate plasma corrosion equipment awarded by the United States Vlsirerearch Global Semiconductor Equipment Company “Customer Satisfaction” as the third global rating, among others, to show that corporate influence is growing year by year. Chart: Companies undertake a number of major science and technology projects
DWAAAN RESEARCH: Expanding the value of investment 1.5
Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Values — 1.6 Breaking Foreign Monopolies and Winning the Three Wars of International Defense shows the hard power of autonomous innovation as Sino-Men’s products enter the international mainstream crystal mill supply chain with their excellent product quality and undesirable value-for-money advantages, and are well invested in production and squeezed.
The profit margin for international semiconductor equipment enterprises has reduced their bargaining power vis-à-vis downstream customers, raising international concerns. In 2007-2017, a number of lawsuits were brought against China or its subsidiaries for materials, pan forest semiconductors, Vieco for commercial secret infringement, patent disputes, etc., over 10 years: 2010 materials were settled with China; 2009 Pin Forest Group claims were dismissed; mid-2017 MSMEs won v. Pan Forest Group commercial secret violations; mid-2018 Sgl and Vieco were settled.
Reconciliation. Sino-micro wins the three battles of international defense, demonstrating the hard power of autonomous innovation. Chart: The hard power of autonomous innovation is evident in the three battles of winning international defence. April 2017: Vieco violated his patents, went to the limit to the center without Vieco’s consent.
(b) A patent infringement suit against Sgl (MSMEs) on the grounds that its client supplied the base plate tray.
d-rietm medium etching equipment: February 2009: China-Insignia-Taiwan International issued a petition claiming the invalidity of two of the related patents; July 2017: suit for violation of patent rights by Haiweico, more than China-Insignia.
In September 2009, the Taiwan Intellectual Property Court held that the patent claimed by the Pan Forest Semiconductor was not granted (Tai Li 36706),
February 2018: A settlement agreement was signed between the Chinese emblem and Sgl and Vieko, all of which were innovative and progressive and rejected the Panforest semiconductor suit. (Taiwan i266873)
Revocation of related lawsuits and pending patent review applications.
2007 - 2010 Application of materials and micro-business secret violations, pan forest semiconductors and micro-business secret violations
<Products: mocvd equipment; December 2010: Chinese Insignia vs. Panlin for violation of business secrets; patent: two >
(b) Five defendants, including semiconductors;
March 2017: China Micro won the case and sentenced the Pan Forest Semiconductor to immediate sale: 01/2010: Application material and medium and medium Cayman, medium and medium and micro destroyed the elastic seals in its possession, prohibited disclosure by the five defendants,
We're using or allowing other business secrets to be used.