Researchchand developmentcenter
The company was founded in 2004 and its founding team was created to replace the vanguard.
Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, Chairman of the Board, has been Vice-President of Applied Materials, General Manager of the Improsion Department, and Chief Technical Officer of Asia.
The company successfully developed its first ccp etching machine in 2007, its first mocvd device in 2012, its icp setup in 2016, and its growing product lines have become the leading international suppliers of cpp and mocvd.
The share of semiconductor operations has increased steadily in recent years. From 2017 to 2020, the public revenue grew from 972 million yuan to 2,273 million yuan, and from 32.73 per cent to 32.73 per cent to 32.73 per cent in three years. Among these, the corrosion company was set to grow in 2020, and the National Fund was involved in the second phase of its subscription.
The major funds are involved in the acquisition of 2.5 billion yuan for projects like ccp etching above 128 floors, Damascus etching, icp below 7 nm, and 3 nm below ale.
The mainstream dry etching process, which includes the technical routes of capacitation plasma etching (ccp) and electrosensive plasma etching (icp), is the most valuable link in the forward process. According to Semi, the global market for etching equipment will reach $15 billion in 2025.
Monopolistic patterns of competition, pan forest semiconductors, Tokyo electronics, and applications together account for 91% of the market share. Since 2020, the global semiconductor landscape has moved up, with domestic crystal mills accelerated under both national substituting and non-carrying incentives, offering opportunities for national producers of equipment to leapfrog and carve.
National production rates are still less than 20 per cent and alternative space is significant. MSMEs, as domestic etching equipment taps, had 1,159 ccp devices installed by 2020, maintaining an average annual increase of 30 per cent, while the icp has 55 cavities running on 10 customers.
The technologically autonomous and advanced process capabilities are the core advantages of the company's ability to replace national production, and the ccp equipment has been cut into the 5nm line of power and the technology has reached world leadership. Logically, the chip's Damascus etching, 3dnand etching above 128, ale for gaa structures.
Products such as etching are also under development. mocvd:gan outreach equipment taps, compound semiconductor space open: mocvd refers to metal organic chemical phase deposition, often used for half compounds including gan, sic, gaas, inp
It's made of extraterrestrials and is directed to downstream applications like led, radio frequency, power, vcsels, etc. Because of the increase in chip use caused by the miniled penetration, the upstream mocvd device is in demand. The mini-blue led device is rapidly matured and maintains a good match with the big leds of Sanon, crystals, megascopics, etc.
By 2018, q4 had taken up more than 70% of the market share in the global gan-based mocvd market. Equipment for mini/microled, power semiconductor is also being developed.
Risk factors: industry cyclical volatility risk; downstream customer expansion less than expected risk; international trade
By the end of 2020, the company ' s ccp equipment had a cumulative capacity of 1,159 units, with an average annual increase of 30%. The icp equipment also broke down, and according to our research on the industrial chain, by the end of 2020.
With 55 installed and 100 installed in the first half of 2021, the rate of growth has increased rapidly, and technological autonomy has made it possible for the company to become a priority in the procurement of equipment for a domestic crystal mill and as a result of continued policy support, the company is set to receive a further major fund increase in 2020, amounting to $2.5 billion; and advanced technological capabilities are within the company ' s growth.
In the market space, corrosive equipment has the largest market size of the previous process equipment. Semi estimates that the global market space for corrosion equipment will be $15 billion, and we estimate that the domestic market will have the largest market size.
The company collected 1,289 million yuan in corrosion equipment in 2020, and led by the global market of mocvd, led by led, which benefited from the growth in demand caused by the penetration of miniled. The company’s share of the global market for its mocvd extension equipment has exceeded 70%, and the blue lightled product has matured. Led industry was saturated between 2019 and 2020.
The company, as a supplier of upstream equipment, will benefit fully from the downstream upswing. In addition, the mocvd equipment used to manufacture microlled, powerware, etc. is also under development.
I. MEXICO: Substitution of semiconductor equipment to pioneer 1, Plasma etching equipment, the leader of the mocvd, the lead of the national semiconductor equipment. Established in 2004, the company is mainly involved in high-end semiconductor equipment and the panther.
The company focuses on the technological frontier and is involved in high-end equipment for semiconductor integrated circuits, advanced encapsulations, led outer-dispensive production, power devices, mems manufacturing, and other microprocesses. The company's business is mainly centred on etching equipment and mocvd equipment. The company's plasma etching equipment has been applied to international front-line customers.
Production lines for manufacture of production lines and advanced sealed production lines for nanometres to 14 nanometres, 7 nanometres and 5 nanometres for other advanced integrated circuit processing; large-scale input from mocvd equipment on the production lines of industry's leading clients. The company has become the world's leading manufacturer of nitrous silild equipment, with a market share of over 60 per cent at the end of 2018.
Aiming at the world’s technological frontier, innovation has been running through corporate development. In 2007, Sino-micro successfully developed its first ccp etching device product, Primodie, and in the following year continued to strengthen product research and development in the area of ccp equipment. Four ccp devices were developed, and the improved Primoad-rie successfully entered the 5nm production line in 2018: successfully developed in 2010
Deep silicon etching equipment: the first mocvd equipment was successfully developed in 2012 and the primary product of mocvd prismoa7 was developed early in 2017, leading to significant developments in this area; in the case of icp products, the 2016 icp etching equipment was successfully developed and, after the development of the icp etching equipment in recent years, the newly introduced product of primonanova has gradually matured
In the future, the company will continue to deep-plough the integrated circuit critical equipment area, expand opportunities to apply and explore other emerging areas of semiconductor critical equipment, and continue to lead the development of domestic semiconductor equipment and technology. The corrosion equipment has entered the 5 nanometer production line, and the mocvd equipment remains in the lead.
Body etching equipment (ccp), electro-sensive plasma etching equipment (icp) and deep silicon etching equipment, of which ccp has entered the 5 nanocrystal production line and icp equipment has broken down, with 55 stations operating on clients by the end of 2020. On mocvd equipment, the company continues to exercise a competitive advantage over blue lightled equipment, the Prismoa7 equipment is global nitrogen.
In July 2020, the mocvd equipment, which was used for deep-violet-led extensions, was successfully validated by industry’s leading clients. For the now-growing miniled, the company is developing new mocvd equipment products, making substantial progress on its clients.
Fig. 2: The Central Insignia company's core business etching machines and mocvd equipment have been cut into the world's leading semiconductor chip and led suppliers. The corrosion passenger household covers the global mainstream crystal circle manufacturers, including accelerator, Intel, Unvard Electronics, gf, sk Hercules, among others.
Bulk purchases for 5nm process equipment have been obtained: mocvd clients cover the Asian region of Led Dragonhead Sanam, Crystal, Hmong, Mzong, etc. Figure 3: Central Insignia Core Clients
2. Strong growth in performance and steady expansion of production with fixed growth codes have increased steadily in recent years, with robust growth in corrosion equipment. The company achieved 2,273 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 16.67 per cent compared to the corresponding increase of 38.94 per cent in compound growth over the last four years.
And the competitive edge of the company ' s products, whose corrosion revenue was 1.289 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of approximately 58.49 per cent over the same period, thanks to the continued upgrading of products and the replacement of national production, which has continued to grow steadily in recent years, reaching 65 per cent in Cagr over three years; mocvd, which received 496 million yuan, a decrease of about 34.47 per cent over the same period, owing mainly to the higher share of corporate products in the domestic market and the exposure to downstream equipment.
High demand and continued growth in the competitiveness of the company’s products. Erosion equipment and mocvd equipment generated $348 million and $13 million, respectively, an increase of 63,75 per cent and 76.85 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year.
The implementation of the equity incentive programme generated about 124 million yuan (or recurrent gains and losses) of share payments, while in 2019 there were no such fees, which increased by 425.36% from the same year, mainly due to increases in government subsidies for revenue collection, Māori, and for current gains and losses.
A total of $8.2 billion has been raised for the construction of the Embassies, the Nanchang Industrialized Base, and the Hong Kong Headquarters and the R & D Centre. The industrial base project will be completed by the end of 2022, with a total of 1,150 cavdence/year capacity for plasma etching equipment, mocvd equipment, thermal chemistry and cvd equipment expected to be completed in the postnatal period.
3. The senior core team, with a strong technical background, the company’s founders and the core technical team are highly qualified, and members of the core technical team are from such countries as applied materials, pan forest semiconductors, etc., leading international semiconductor equipment companies. The founder, the chairman and the managing director, Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, have a superb presence in semiconductor chips and equipment industries.
After 30 years of industry experience, one of the key drivers of the development and industrialization of international plasma etching technology has been the Vice-President of Applied Materials Enterprises, the General Manager of the Creativity Industries Department, and the Chief Technology Officer of the Asian Headquarters. Other co-founders, core technicians, and important technical and engineering personnel, including Dr. Du Chishu, Dr. Ning Tuqiang, among others, are senior technologists in the semiconductor industry.
The company continues to pursue a three-dimensional development strategy, deep-farming in integrated circuit critical equipment, expanding opportunities to use and explore other emerging areas of semiconductor critical equipment. The company extends from corrosion equipment to chemical film, testing other critical sites, such as ic.
In addition, the company will use core technological capabilities to explore opportunities in other emerging areas, such as environmental protection, equipment networks.
Thirty-four 4-inch extension processing capability. In particular, the technical strength of the Prismoa7 equipment has become a leading player in the global market for nitrous nitrideled mocvd. Based on the technological accumulation in the mocvd area, the company is forming a team to devolve services into chemical film equipment. The company has started to develop epi outreach and low-pressure chemical deposition equipment, which will and will be sequestered.
In addition to forming teams to develop and develop independently, companies are active in investing in growth. In a highly competitive industrial situation, companies are considering investing in and buying high-end semiconductor equipment both domestically and internationally.
or developed in cooperation with sea-famous equipment manufacturers, with emphasis on equipment companies in the areas of plasma etching and its top-down and downstream film deposition equipment and measuring equipment. Erosion, sedimentation, film as a cross-linking link in the crystal circle manufacturing process, is technically identical and interconnected with each other.
The multi-channel process has been opened, and China has gradually grown into a leading semiconductor equipment platform company in the industry. Figure 11: Three-dimensional development strategy.
1. The etching process continues to evolve, with multiple technical routes coexisting. Light etching, etching, and thin film deposition are the three core processes of semiconductor manufacturing. The thin film deposition process is a layer of thin membrane lying around a crystal circle.
The engraving process is the transfer of the graphics from the photocoach to the crystal circle by transferring the graphics from the photorecord to the thin film. The integrated circuits are made mainly through the three processes of film deposition, light etching and etching, moving all the graphics of the photorest to the crystal circle.
Figure 12: The rationale for the etching process The etching process can be divided by process into dry etching and wet etching. Wet etching is the technique of soaking the corrosion material in the corrosion fluid, which is the etching method for each direction of homogeneity, using the chemical reaction process to remove the film material from the area to be etched, by
The corrosive fluid during soaking is a uniform contact with the surfaces of the material and is therefore less heterogeneous, with lateral corrosion of the sides of the wall prone to a corrosion deviation, which is usually used for applications of greater process size or for cleaning residues after dry corrosion, etc.
Dry etching is the prevailing etching technique, dominated by plasma dry etching. The classification of plasma etching devices is closely related to the etching process. The rationale is to use chemically active particles generated by plasma discharges, under ion bombardments, to react chemically with surface materials and produce volatilized gases, thereby removing surface materials.
Dry etching is mainly divided into capacitative plasma etching (ccp-capacitively coupledparma) and electro-sensive plasma etching (indicatively coupledplasma); depending on the type of etching material, dry etching is mainly based on corrosion media material (silicon oxide, silicone nitrous, dioxidium, light gel, etc.), silicon.
Materials (single crystallized silicon, polycrystal silicon, silicon, etc.) and metal materials (aluminium, tungsten, etc.).
Driving electrodes, gas ionization, ion beams.
Geostatic electrons connected to the Earth's electrodes ccp produces plasma through capacitive coupling, by the local discharge room (made of materials with a very small composite coefficient, such as quartz) and leads.
Entering powered electrodes are used as coupling units. When connected to the power source, a high frequency field is created between the discharge chamber and the powered electrode, free electrons are active in the field to re-mobilize up and down, and the electricity is distributed with a high degree of plasma. At the same time, increasing the concentration of the ion will lead to an increase in the energy of the ion and a stronger blow to the crystal surface.
Icp produces plasma by electro-sensor coupling, and the load-sense coils are surrounded by high-frequency power sources connected outside the quartz discharge room, and the condensed currents in the coil generate a high-frequency magnetic field from the axis in the discharge room. At this point, the etching gas is injected and the HF ignition device is used to stimulate the production of electrical particles, and when there are as many particles as enough to make the gas sufficiently conductive, the transect is vertically in the direction of the magnetic field.
It produces a circular vortex that produces plasma from the gas ion. It produces plasma density through power control that connects to the coil, while the silicon base is a power source electrode with low-power radio frequency bias generators to control the energy that blasts silicon surface ion, thus allowing the device to control the energy and concentration of the ion separately and reduce the ion power of the silicon surface.
At the same time, high ion concentrations are maintained, allowing for better control of etching rates and selections. The irp technology is born late and relatively difficult, but it is not a substitute for ccp, which is often used in different industrial steps. The ccp ion energy is higher, mainly in hard media materials, with deep holes, deep ravines, etc.
View structure; and cp can maintain lower ion energy at higher ion concentrations, mainly by carving softer and thinner materials with lower ion energy and very even ion concentrations, to meet more sophisticated etching needs. Hard point processes in the front, such as deep silicon vin, are often dominated by icp, while ccp in the later interconnectional drilling process, etc.
Ale is a more advanced etching process that has emerged in recent years. The continuous evolution of etching technology has allowed the transistor size to continue to shrink, but high-end chips with smaller sizes and 3D structures (finfet and 3dnand) require more fine etching.
Capability, the atom layer etching (al, atomiclayerething) has the ability to accurately control the amount of material removed without affecting other parts, and can be used for targeted etching or glossing surfaces. For example, silicon membrane ale in panforests, the response is divided into two steps: (1) surface modified: chlorine gas is injected into the reaction cavity so that it can be injected into the silicon.
The surface of the thin membrane is adsorbed, forming a chlorination layer, with a weak force between the surface silicon atoms, which can easily be removed from the matrix under an ion; (2) decoupling: the argon is shelled with a crystal circle, and the chlorine layer will be decoupled under a blow, with an etching effect. The advantage of the ale is that it can be removed precisely from the layers of atoms on the surface and maintain the flatness of the material surface during the process of modification.
Once saturation has reached saturation, the chlorine layer has only a few layers of atom thickness, and in the process it has been removed only in Figure 19: Ale can achieve high-precision etching in several atom layers, and another great advantage of ale is that when the depth of the crystal round surface structure is not comparable to the depth of etching depth, because the surface is modified.
In addition, ale etching is more selective, for example, to reduce damage to partition layers that need not be etched in the fence. But it is worth noting that ale does not replace the traditional plasma etching process, but more is applied to target material removal.
The process requires precise atomic-level control. The etching industry presents a multiplicity of processes, each of which exists as a result of its own applications. Figure 20: Ale can get the same depth of etching at different depths.
Market space: The highest-value link in the front-track process often involves repeated plating-light-engineing processes during the manufacture of integrated circuits in order to form complex circuit structures, which, due to the complexity of the etching process, account for the highest proportion of value in the pre-integrated circuit equipment.
gartner data, the value of the equipment in the preceding column was a plasma carving machine (20-25%), a light carving machine (18-20%), a chemical film (15-17%), detection control (11-13%), cleaning (6%), pvd (4%), etc., in which the corrosion machine, a chemical film, a micro-detection equipment were covered by internal and outer extension.
The very high value of corrosion equipment provides a vast market space, with the global market for corrosion equipment in 2010 at $4 billion, compared to $12 billion in 2019 and about 13 per cent in cagr, according to Semi. Smei expects the market size of corrosion equipment to reach $15 billion in 2025, with memory and flash stocks as two major downstream markets where demand for equipment is growing rapidly.
The ccp market is $4.8 billion in size, and the icp market is $7.6 billion in size. In the typical logical chip case, up to 60 pathways of icp etching and 60 ccp etchings are often needed at the 7nm node, while 19 nanodrams require about 55 sets of etching processes.
Two major trends in the semiconductor industry in recent years have been the continuous reduction in the width of the logical chip and the increasing number of stored chips, which pursue lower power and higher transistor density, while the storage chip pursues higher storage tolerances in the unit area.
, the upgraded chip process imposes higher demands on the accuracy of the corrosion device. (1) The logical chip process continues to be upgraded.
The five-nm process has been contested, while mainstream crystal mills such as intel, smic and others have entered the following 14nm nodes. Figure 25: The world’s major crystal mills have evolved from logic/foundryprocessroadmaps (forvolumeprodition)
With the progress of the process, the demand for corrosion equipment will increase significantly. Because of the wavelength limits of the commonly used impregnated light engraving machines, the state-of-the-art euv deep UV engravators can only directly process microstructures ranging from 28 nm to 14 nm, and the microstructure of the logical devices up to 14 nm will be processed through a combination of plasma etching and thin membrane deposition.
Multiple template approaches. Two-dimensional templates allow the microstructure of a light scale of 1/2 to be carved out, while four-fold templates allow for a further reduction of the structure scale to a quarter of a light scale. As sedimentation and etching steps increase, corrosion and film deposition devices are expected to become the more critical and highly invested devices.
Along with the reduction in the width of the logical chip line, in addition to the increased use of corrosion equipment, and with the innovation of the etching process, the Damascus tan etching process is a new technology. When the logical chip process is upgraded and the clock frequency rises, aluminium can no longer be used as a metal guidance material for the interconnection layer, but requires the use of copper with a higher conductivity.
A layer of aluminium thin film, and then a photomagnetized, visualized mask, removes surplus aluminium by dry etching. The biggest problem with copper interconnection is that copper cannot be converted into volatile gas, so that dry etching is impossible to make graphics. The Damascus process was born as a result.
The Damascus process, which uses dry etching on the media layer to make a ditch for copper, then plating the copper into it and finally polishing it to remove the excess surface layer, solves the problem of copper interconnection without the need for corrosion, but also imposes higher requirements on corrosion equipment.
(2) The storage structure of 3d is complicated, in addition to the decreasing width of the integrated circuits, the structure of semiconductor devices, such as the nand flash in the storage area, has entered the 3d age. In the 3dnand manufacturing process, the main way to increase integration is no longer to reduce the single upper width of the layer.
It is the number of layers that increase stacking, and the number of stacking layers that develop from 32 to 64 layers to 128 layers, each of which requires a process of corrosion and thin film deposition that creates the need for more corrosive equipment and thin film deposition equipment. In addition, the semiconductor of the 3d structure often requires small perforates to connect dozens to 100 layers of silicon, so the technical requirements for corrosion equipment are much deeper.
Width ratio, which provides new application directions for corrosion equipment and brings new added value. Figure 29: 2d and 3d structures of nand flashes, Figure 30: 3dnand
The number of etching processes is growing rapidly, with a tendency to shrink the logical chip and increase the number of flash chip layers. The typical 5nm-based logic chip etching steps reach 160 times the rate of 4 times the 28nm scale. The rate of etching in 3dnand is about 50%, 2.5 times the rate in 2dnand. The corrosion process accounts for the continuous upgrading of equipment in crystal round manufacturing.
Growth. According to the Semi data, the share of corrosion equipment in the capital expenditure of the crystallized mill rose from 12.77 per cent in 2011 to 23.40 per cent in 2017, and the share of light equipment declined accordingly.
The market for semiconductor equipment is now dominated by firms in Europe and America, Japan, etc., and the global market is monopolistic, especially with respect to corrosion equipment. According to gartner, a combination of pan forest semiconductors, Tokyo electronics, and applications dominates the etching equipment market.
In 1992, Panforest launched its first icp etching device, leading the industrial technological process, to move beyond the application of materials to become the largest supplier of global etching equipment. In 2004, the first generation of kiyo and flex products were released, targeting the two main applications of medium etching and silicon etching, respectively, and remain its main product line. The company ' s share of global markets reached its share in 2018.
52%. According to Panforest, the number of installed stations worldwide reached over 66,000 in 2020. At the end of the year, the Chinese company ccp had accumulated more than 1700 units, mainly for medium etching and deep silicon etching, to enter the 5nm line of the global lead-crystal mill; and the icp equipment in the north had accumulated more than 1,000 items, mainly for silicon etching and silicon etching.
Metal etching, 14 nm process capability, with a high share of the country’s leading customers. With ccp equipment performance and advanced process capability, MSMEs have achieved world-class technological strength, with city-to-city coverage (taking natural year data) and a total of 11,929 million United States dollars (US$) and 18,202 million (US$) per year, respectively, in panforestry, applied materials, and Tokyo electronics collection.
The US dollar and US$ 12.19 billion, compared to US$ 348 million earned by MSMEs, compared to the industry leaders whose city occupancy rate has become a bottleneck, and MSMEs will have considerable room for growth in the future in the context of the trend towards national substitution.5 The equipment landscape is up, and national production is right in time.
As a supplier of equipment upstream of the semiconductor industry, MSMEs grew from both long-term growth in the size of the semiconductor industry and domestic substitution of semiconductor equipment. In the long run, gartner projected global semiconductor sales to reach $597 billion in 2024, and capr in 2019-2024.
In the short- and medium-term, 7.3 per cent, and since the second half of 2020, global semiconductors have seen a sharp increase in the price gap, which has eased the shortage of production capacity, increased global production of crystal mills, and invested in equipment into a high growth cycle. According to Semi, North America’s semiconductor was set to deliver $3.588 billion in May, an increase of 53 per cent over the previous year, a historic high.
The Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre (SDRC) has a million units per month, of which 12,210,000 units per month, and 8,170,000 units per month. The total post-partum capacity at the crystal mill will be 1.45 million units per month of crystal crystal production and 1.35 million units per month of crystal production, an increase of almost 150 per cent over the current capacity.
Figure 38: China’s continental crystal factory construction boom provides a huge market space for the semiconductor equipment industry, but the share of domestic equipment in the procurement of these crystal mills is still relatively low and the alternative space is wide.
This amounted to $15.4 billion, of which $8.2 billion, or 53 per cent, was procured from United States manufacturers, while only $990 million, or only 7 per cent, was procured from domestic suppliers. At the advanced stage, the rate of domestic production of equipment was even lower, and according to semi-conductor industry associations, currently 70 per cent of the advanced lead-stage equipment below 28 nm is from United States manufacturers.
By way of equipment, the three main pieces of the previous process had not yet been nationalized, and the rate of national production of the glue-recording equipment and the ion-infusion equipment was less than 1%, with little self-sufficiency. The carving machine was the first to achieve a breakthrough, with the rate of national production approaching 20%, clean-up and cmp equipment at the top of the national production replacement, with the rate of national production reaching 15-20%.
We have further statistics on the entry of domestically produced equipment into the country's main crystallized mills. According to the mandatory network data, the rate of national production of essential equipment rose from 2 per cent to 22.17 per cent between 2017 and 2020, at a significant rate, but imported equipment is still in quantitative and advanced production lines, and the light of national production: ccp/icp is in the process of being scaled up.
The company's plasma etching equipment technology is state-of-the-art and is in line with industrial trends. The company's ccp and icp single/double desktops allow coverage of most of the etching applications. In product design, there is a minimally innovative double-reaction station set-up that minimizes the symmetrical vent effect, with a rectangular chip transmission of the host than the traditional radiative chip.
The mainframe is smaller in size, higher in output and correspondingly less costly. Figure 41: Central Insignia ccp and icp etching product series and development routes. Figure 42: Different process logic chip etching steps
Figure 43: Design of the medium-engineer dual reaction station. Company ccp equipment products maintain a competitive advantage, bulk is applied to front-line customers at home and abroad, shares continue to increase, and at the ministry level, clients are already in the top three. By 2020, the company had 1,159 response stations operating on the client line, which has been in place for nearly three years.
The company ' s icp etching equipment has also matured, with the newly introduced primonova product being validated on the production line of 10 clients, more than 50 processes having met the target on the client ' s production line and continuously expanding the application certification
In the second half of 2020, the sale of the product, driven by the expansion of domestic storage customers, has progressed considerably. At the same time, the company’s dual-reaction device, icp etching device, with high output rates, has also been certified on the client’s end.
Microcorp's international leading and unique dual-reaction platform design, which follows most of the hardware features of Primonanovaicp, allows the platform to upgrade the capacity of its client unit to invest in good etching, thus enriching the icp etching, making it more competitive with its etching products as a whole. According to company announcements, as of June 2021, corporate icp equipment
Successful delivery of the 100th response cavity in Primonanova, with 45 deliveries in the first half of the year, increasing rapidly.
In August 2020, the company released a fixed addition plan that will further scale up R & D. The company will build on the ipo offers to further advance R & D to more advanced technologies, including: (1) ccp, 3dnand etchings above 128 floors and 14 nm and the following logical instruments, Damascus etching; and (2) icp: icp single/twice for more advanced stages and layers.
Stations and equipment for gaa etchings up to 3 nm.7 The Autonomous Control + Advanced Process Capability Capability Capturing Equipment Substitutes the Pioneer Medium Micro has become a leader in substituting for the national production of corrosion equipment, and we believe that this is why it has been able to achieve such a market position.
It is the result of a combination of external and internal factors. In terms of external factors, international competition and friction, the U.S. continues to exert pressure on the Chinese semiconductor industry, repeatedly resorting to repressive measures such as equipment bans, investment bans, etc., to use national production equipment to secure the supply chain; in terms of internal factors, the corrosion equipment of MSMEs is advanced and multilayered 3d.
Until 2015, in the U.S. Department of Commerce ' s export ban on China eccn 3b001.c, dry carving machines have been listed as export bans, as well as equipment such as light carvings in the export ban.
On January 15, 2021, the U.S. Department of Defense added China to the list of “military-related enterprises” to restrict the holding and trading of American investors.
With US pressure and restrictions on sales, the development of domestically produced equipment is an inevitable option. With China-Micro's breakthrough in dry corrosion equipment, the US Department of Commerce lifted its export controls on China in 2015, stating that “there is a company in China that is in fact capable of supplying a sufficient quantity and equal quality of corrosion, so it is no longer able to continue its security export controls.
Purpose, “official approval” by the United States, as reflected in its technological sophistication. Figure 46: U.S. Department of Commerce removes carving machine export controls on China. Figure 47: U.S. Department of Defense add China and China to the military-related list.
I don't know what to do with it, but I don't know what to do with it.