Semiconductor equipment is moving steadily, national production replacement prospects are up to expectations, plasma etching equipment harvests are increasing significantly, mocvd equipment is on the rise by billions of yuan, compared to 83.79 per cent, and the high growth in etching equipment is largely due to: (1) the global equipment market
$2 billion. In terms of the value of the front-track breakdown equipment, microprocessors are shrinking, driving revolutionary changes in the structure of the device and the process, and the conversion of the storage from 2d to 3d makes plasma etching and filming the process the most critical step, with a significant increase in the demand for corrosion equipment.
Add, the market size is growing at a much faster rate than other equipment. 3 companies have a significant competitive advantage in plasma corrosion of equipment-related products, accelerating the process of export-oriented substitution. 2) Mocvd equipment: $219 million in revenue, a 10.1 per cent decline in the same year, and the decline in income is mainly due to the saturation of the lighting led market.
The market for mocvd has been low in the near future; however, Mini-led, Micro-led, power devices and deep UV Led are on the eve of a major outbreak, which will drive the mocvd equipment into new developments.
The growth rate of excess revenue, mainly due to non-recurring gains and losses due to changes in fair value and government subsidies, amounted to $335 million. The net profit from non-repatriation was $62 million, an increase of 53.35 per cent over the same period. The carving equipment & mocvd equipment was constantly new and the product system was becoming more robust.
Corporate product systems are becoming more robust, ccp equipment is strong in the current products, icp equipment is faster to release, mocvd is new, downstream certification is going well. (1) Plasma etching machines are working well. 1 company ccp etching equipment products maintain a competitive advantage.
In the area of logical circuits, the company has succeeded in obtaining duplicate orders for 5 nm and the following logical circuit lines. In the area of storage, the company has carved.
Equipment is widely used in the production line on 64th floor and 128th floor 3dnand, repeated orders are increasing steadily, while dynamic memory applications are actively deployed and process development and validation is under way.
More than 70 processes have been validated to meet the target requirements on the customer ' s production line, and the number of applications that have been successfully delivered and certified by the client has continued to increase. (2) mocvd equipment: companies officially released high performance mini-led during the reporting period
• Implementation of an outreach development strategy to accelerate the platforming process
The company actively explores investment opportunities in the relevant areas, it expands the fields of thin film equipment, carbonated silicon liners, laser cutting, etc. through its involvement in projects such as Shenyang Xiantao, Shandong Tianyu, Dragon Laser, etc., and is operating well and has been declared publicly available.
In the future, the company will extend from corrosion equipment to other key equipment areas, such as chemical film, detection, etc.; and expand the application of equipment in the general semiconductor area, such as displays, mems, mems, etc.
Power devices, critical equipment in the solar field, while using core technological capabilities to explore other emerging areas, eventually achieving integrated circuit equipment, general semiconductor equipment, non-conductor equipment, downstream crystalworker capital costs, increased industrial competition and deepening global trade friction
Industry-wide uncertainty for semiconductors. 1 Company presentation: Nationally produced semiconductor equipment leaders 1.1 Global semiconductor equipment back and forth, etching equipment, mocvd, etc.
Sino-Micro is a leading international semiconductor microprocessor. The company focuses on integrated circuits, led key manufacturing equipment, semiconductor integrated circuits, advanced encapsulation, led production, mems manufacturing, and so on.
The other high-end equipment areas of the logo process are recognized by the international semiconductor equipment industry. Core product packages include: 1) plasma etching equipment for integrated circuits (ccp, icp), deep silicon etching equipment (tsv); 2) mocvd equipment for led chips.
The company started with integrated circuit corrosion equipment, extending horizontally to the area of led, while the company mocvd set up its own domestic market, which is already dominated by nitrogenated silicon, and has matured lines of operations capable of continuously developing semiconductor equipment for the company.
In August 2004, the current chairman of the 60-year-old Sino-micro company, Yoon Yoo, decided to lead a team back home to start a business, starting a national production journey of semiconductor equipment without any drawings and technical information, almost bare hands. With the support of Shanghai City and the country, the start-up funds were successfully secured, fast-tracked and developed.
65nm Plasma etching machines followed by gradual equipment of 45nm, 32nm, 28nm, 16nm, 7nm and 5nm, and the first development in industry of a dual-reaction station medium corrosion glue unit - the integration of the reaction station medium plasma etching and light engraved glue cavities into one platform.
In 2019, the company landed on the board and became the head of the board, with hundreds of billions of industry leaders sitting in town and professional talent. Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, founder of the firm, had 20 years of experience in internationally recognized semiconductors such as Intel, Panlin semiconductors, appliance materials, etc., before returning home.
In addition, Sino-micro companies are recognized industry leaders as chief technical officers of the head office, as well as as as the department responsible for etching operations, and are personally involved in the development of the world’s leading semiconductor etching equipment. In addition, China-Micro-Micro companies have been gathering hundreds of highly qualified semiconductor equipment technicians and industry specialists worldwide, and have gained more than 2,500 years of experience in semiconductor equipment.
Knowledge-intensive enterprises, R & D & D & technologists make up the workforce and have a high academic background.
Figure 4 shows a combined share of R & D and technical staff of 56.49%. 1.3 Public-private combinations of private-public governance and multi-help growth paths, with 17.45% of major shareholders investing, with a similar shareholding ratio.
The Asset Management Committee, which injected 50 million dollars of “seed money” into it from the beginning of its existence, continued to invest nine times over 15 years until it was placed on the market. The investment was a full-time company of the National Integrated Circuit Investment Fund, Inc. As a result of their close shareholding, the company’s current actual management of its operations, and important decisions were made by all parties.
The president of the company, Yoon Zhiyu, is highly respected and plays a key role in driving the company’s business. The big hand equity incentive is to tie the backbone and promote full-share cohesion.
Incentives and restricted stock incentives. The stock value-added incentive scheme grants 540,800,000 shares in total value-added rights to six persons, Yoon Ji-Yo, To Chi-soo, Chu, Ng Tung-heung, Chen Wei-wen, Liu Xiaowoo, etc., representing 8 million shares in restricted stock procedures on the occasion of the Incentives announcement, or 1.50% of total equity on the day of the Incentives announcement.
At the same time, the company promotes full-share ownership and increases the sense of belonging and acquisition of its employees.
2.1 The accelerated growth of corrosion equipment and the marked increase in the rate of gross domestic product replacement of specialized equipment accelerates the process of generating $858 million, an increase of 83.79 per cent in the same year, representing an increase of 64.10 per cent, a marked increase of 44.29 per cent in the gross gross domestic product; mocvd equipment is suppressed by the downstream landscape of the panel industry, resulting in a recovery of 219 million dollars.
The increase in the Māori ratio was significant, with the same rate of increase - 10.08 per cent, income - 16.36 per cent, and the contraction of the growth rate, but the Māori rate was 30.77 per cent, a significant improvement in the structure of specialized equipment compared to the previous period. The ratio of recovery of corrosion equipment in 2020 (56.70 per cent) exceeded that of mocvd equipment (21.82 per cent) for the first time, and the rate of growth of corrosion equipment has been high since 2021.
The rate of interest on corrosion equipment increased, the ratio of low Māori mocvd equipment dropped, and in 2021 H1 dedicated equipment achieved a Māori rate of 41.54 per cent, an increase of 8.76 pct, a marked increase.
Chart 10 corrosion equipment capture versus accelerated upgrade 2.2 product breakthroughs, with downstream demand determining high growth in hand orders, company-owned ccp etching equipment, icp etching equipment, mocvd equipment maintaining their pre-existing advantage in 2021
On the basis of repeated orders and the development of new products in collaboration with clients, the pace of product rotation is expected to accelerate.
1ccp etching equipment maintains a competitive advantage and continuously increases market access, with some customers entering the top three. With regard to advanced logical circuits, companies have succeeded in obtaining duplicate orders for 5 nm and below; With regard to storage, there has been a steady increase in duplicate orders for storage circuit production lines on the 64th and 128th floors of 3dnand.
At that time, the company actively layoutd dynamic memory applications, working actively with mainstream clients to define the main functions and technical indicators of the next generation of ccp etching machines, and to develop more advanced ccp etching products. On the new product, the company launched the prmoad-rie200TM on 15 June, which can be used for 8 inches of crystal crystal processing and provide a system of corrosion equipment up to 12 inches.
2icp corrosion equipment is gradually maturing, the product is being validated on the production line of 10 customers, and more than 70 processes have met the target on the production line of the client and continue to expand the application certification.
The company’s icp device, Primonanova 100th response cavity, was successfully delivered in June. And the company’s dual-reaction station, icp etching device, with high output characteristics, has also been certified on its client and received orders from its leading domestic clients.
icp etching equipment types that enhance the overall competitiveness of icp etching products. At the same time, based on the technology development needs of clients, the company is developing technology for the next generation of products to meet the demand for icp etching of products such as logical chips under 5 nm, dram chips under 1 x nm and 3dnand chips above 128 floors, with high output icp etching
(2) Mocvd equipment. The new product is gradually validated by the customer on the basis of maintaining its previous competitive advantage. The high temperature mocvd device, plesmohit3, is used in the manufacture of deep UV light, has been used by industry leading clients for production certification and has obtained duplicate orders for deep UV led; the manufacturing power device, mocvd, has been used in the manufacture of the client chip.
The production line was put into trial; the mocvd equipment for mini-led production had received orders from leading domestic customers; in addition, new mocvd equipment for the manufacturing of applications such as microlled was being developed. The year 2021 was the Miniled Development Year, and the company would be replenished as a well-known supplier of global mocvd equipment.
On 6 February 2021, the company officially issued a final addition to its register to raise funds for a specific issue of shares up to $10 billion for the China-Industrial Base Project, the China-Industrial Headquarters and the Research and Development Centre Project, and the Science Section.
(i) The China Industrialization Base Project (total investment of $3.18 billion), which aims to reduce the pressure on the company ' s production capacity, expand the production capacity of integrated circuit equipment and general semiconductor equipment in order to respond to the rapidly growing demand for products, and place the postnatal companies on a new level.
(ii) The China Emblem Headquarters and the R & D Centre project (total investment: 3,756 million yuan). A full-cycle R & D platform, from product technology development, sample manufacturing and simulation testing to large-scale industrial development.
In the long term, companies will be strengthened in terms of research and development to enhance product competitiveness and industrial chains.
(3) Science and Technology Reserves (total investment of $3.08 billion). The company will in the future expand from one deep-cultivated integrated circuit criticals,2 to be applied in the broad semiconductor critical equipment area,3 to explore opportunities in other emerging areas, three dimensions of internal and external double-wheel drive, building integrated high-end electronics enterprises.
The microscopic chain in the subsidiaries is oriented towards the core manufacturers of the semiconductor equipment segment of the industry, the creation of distributed Internet platforms based on block chains for pooling of resources, data interconnection, process interconnection, and the production of volc equipment by the Sub-Department of Public Administration's Insignia are highly valued by the market and customers. 2 shares are acquired and actively explored.
During the reporting period, the company completed its investment in such companies as Nucleus, Bozhi Tsi, Shandong-Tian, Ideas Van Li, Nakhing Jing, Angang-Wing, Dragon Laser, Wise Equipment, among them Shenyang-tao, a small group of manufacturers dedicated to integrated circuits, currently performing well, and coordinating.
In the future, the company will build an integrated high-end electronic equipment enterprise along three main lines: integrated circuit equipment, general semiconductor equipment, non-integrated circuit equipment.3 Financial analysis: from start-up to long-term operations
3.1 The increase in the size of the harvest and the rapid increase in profitability is mainly due to the development of semiconductor equipment markets and the competitive advantage of the company's products, with higher sales of the company's corrosion equipment; net profit from the return to the mother is $396 million, yoy + 233.16 per cent; net profit from the non-return to the mother is $62 million, yoy + 53.36 per cent.
The higher net profit was mainly attributable to: (a) a gain or loss of $171 million on changes in fair value during the period, including a change in the median core international share price; (b) a gain of approximately $74 million on changes in fair value resulting in a gain of about $98 million on changes in fair value of companies and other non-current financial assets during the period; and (c) an increase in government subsidies (non-recurring gains or losses) that account for gains or losses in the current period over the same period of the previous year.
Mini-ledmocvd equipment size orders are in the final stages of signing.
Figure 18 shows that the higher cost of equity payments affects net profits not attributable to the mother. Figure 19 shows a significant increase in the profitability of net profits attributable to the mother and net profits not attributable to the mother. In the first half of 2021, the company achieved a gross profit of 42.34 per cent on sales, an increase of 8.42 pct over the same period.
The increase is evident in the rise in the share of corrosion equipment, mainly at a high Māori rate, while the increase in the Māori rate for mocvd equipment is evident, leading to an increase in Māori rates; and the achievement of a net sales interest rate of 29.62 per cent, an increase of 17.45 pt compared to a higher Māori rate and a higher government subsidy in the current period, leading to a significant increase.
Figure 23 Increases in current management and R & D inputs 3.2 Sustained increase in R & D inputs, deepening technology moats, increasing research and development inputs, deepening technology moats in 2020.
In the first half of 2021, the company invested $286 million in R & D and continued to invest in large-scale R & D, of which $4.9 billion was invested in capitalized R & D and $238 million was invested in cost-effective R & D. On the basis of maintaining current product advantages, the company moved closer to international advanced levels, and the project involved advanced programming.
Chips, storage chips, displays, power devices, etc.: 1 logical device etching equipment: The company is currently developing a new generation of corrosion equipment and etching processes, including more advanced Damascus, capable of covering more etching requirements below 5 nm and more different critical applications; 2 storage device etching equipment.
Face: Technology development for the next generation of products is under way to meet the demand for icp etching for products such as logical chips under 5 nm, dram chips under 1 x nm and 3dnand chips above 128 floors, and for high-yielding icp etching equipment; 3mocvd equipment: follow
Downstream technological upgrading process, development of high-output mocvd equipment for large-scale mini-led production, new mocvd equipment for micro-led applications, mocvd equipment for silicon-ggan power devices; 4 film deposition equipment: development of advanced-programm silicon selective outreach equipment development and industrialization projects,
Research and development and industrialization projects for perforated membrane equipment are expected to further enhance and deepen the competitiveness of the company's products
Lower-stream crystalworker capital expenditure falls short of expectations, industry competition increases, and the deepening of global trade has led to semiconductor-wide production. Detailed follow-up of the mechanical white flag, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.