China Sea Oil (600938.sh)
Investment rating: better than (maintenance) Corporate announcement: company ' s business strategy announcement for 2025, company ' s net output (including the company ' s interest in the investment entity accounted for on an equity basis) target for 2025 at 760,780 barrels of oil equivalent; company ' s total capital expenditure budget in 2025 was 125-1350 million yuan RMB
In 2025, the company's net production target was 760-780 million barrels of oil equivalent, of which about 69 per cent were domestic, about 31 per cent overseas, 40 million tons were anchored in 2025, and the company's net production in 2025 was reduced from 780 to 800 million barrels of oil equivalent at the beginning of 2024, which we believe to be the main reason.
Upstream oil and gas assets in the United States Gulf of Mexico were sold, affecting approximately 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day; net corporate production in 2026 and 2027 was 780-800 million barrels of oil equivalent and 810-830 million barrels of oil equivalent, respectively.
3) The company focuses on the search for large and medium-sized oil and gas fields and on accelerating the high-quality conversion of new oil and gas fields to production: in exploration, the company focuses on the search for large and medium-sized oil and gas fields, and continues to build up the productive resource base by maintaining reasonable domestic exploration investments and guaranteeing the stability of crude oil reserves, leading to the construction of three trillion large gas areas, and continues to promote natural gas exploration; and in the development of overseas companies focusing on countries along both sides of the Atlantic and along the “one-way” route.
The company actively promoted priority projects to accelerate the high-quality conversion of the reserves of the new oil and gas fields to production, including the 26-6 oilfield development project in the interior of the country. (First, on 20 January of the year, the company announced the launch of the 29-1 gas field development project in the East, which is located in the sea of the Ringo Sea, at an average depth of about 68 metres, with a projected peak production of 38 million cubic feet of natural gas from Japan in 2025.
4) The company actively promotes scientific and technological innovation, giving high priority to green development and esg work: in 2025, the company will continue to study key exploration techniques in the field of hydrocarbons, develop technologies and promote smart oil and gas fields. Building on the “sea energy” artificial intelligence model, it will promote the deep integration of intelligence technologies with the hydrocarbon industry, and promote efficient management. The company will promote oil and gas exploration and the integration of new energy sources, gradually expand the scale of wind and electricity at sea, and promote land-based photovoltaics based on merit.
In 2025, green power is expected to be eliminated by more than 1 billion degrees, an increase of about 30% over the same period. Moreover, the company has incorporated carbon prices into investment evaluation decisions, and the regional ccs/ccus demonstration project is proceeding in an orderly manner.
The firm’s net production target for 2025 is 760-780 million barrels of oil equivalent, with the domestic share accounting for about 69 per cent, overseas for about 31 per cent, and sea level decline, which we believe is mainly due to the sale of upstream hydrocarbon assets in the United States Gulf of Mexico, affecting about 55,000 barrels of oil production. Capitalization is expected to account for about 16 per cent, 61 per cent and 20 per cent of the total capital expenditure, respectively; domestic and overseas are expected to account for about 16 per cent, 61 per cent and 20 per cent of the total capital expenditure, respectively.
With regard to exploration, the company focuses on the search for large and medium-sized oil and gas fields and on the high-quality conversion of new oil and gas fields to production.
In terms of development, the company actively promoted priority projects to accelerate the high-quality transfer of reserves of new oil and gas fields to production, including the 26-6 oil field development project in the country (phase I) and the 10-2 oil field development project (phase I) in the country, as well as the Guyana yellowtail project and the Brazil Buzios7 project abroad. On 20 January 2025, the company announced the launch of the 29-1 gas field development project in the east, which was located in the delta.
The company is actively promoting scientific and technological innovation, giving high priority to green development and esg’s work. In 2025, it will continue to study critical exploration and development technologies in the oil and gas sector and promote the construction of smart oil and gas fields.
The company will promote the development of hydrocarbon exploration and the integration of new sources of energy, gradually increasing the size of the wind and wind at sea, promoting land-based photovoltaics, and continuously increasing green power substitution levels. In 2025, green power is expected to be eliminated by more than 1 billion degrees, an increase of about 30% compared to the previous year. In addition, the company has incorporated carbon prices into investment evaluation decisions, and is moving ahead in an orderly manner with regional ccs/ccus demonstration projects.
The principle of reporting shareholders, taking into account, inter alia, the wishes of company shareholders, strategic planning, operational status, etc., and adjusting the above-mentioned salaried policies in due course.The investment proposal is: to maintain profit forecasts and maintain “better than the big market” ratings; the risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of frequent natural disasters; the risk of new projects being under-performing; geopolitical risks; and policy risks.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh) - New developments in exploration and exploitation by companies, positive repurchases that value shareholders' interests. China Sea Oil (600938.sh) - Re-innovation of net oil and gas production, 25.1 per cent increase in net profits in the first half of the year compared to the previous year. - Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author