Events: 27 March 2025, China Sea Oil published its 2024 annual report. In 2024, the company China Sea Oil (600938.sh)
Operating income of $42,506 million, or 0.94 per cent of the year; net profit of $13,793.6 million, or 11.38 per cent of the year; net profit of $13,397 million, or 6.56 per cent of the year, of the year-on-year return; and steady growth of the company ' s performance in 2024, of which the performance of the company of 04 was equal to that of the year-on-year
On the price side, it was calculated that the price of oil achieved by 04 was reduced to $70.08/breath (as compared to $11.2, ring to $6.33/bbl) and that the cost of q4 barrels increased seasonally to $29.64/breath (as compared to $0.48/bbl).
(b) Increased depreciation amortization, mainly due to increased operating costs and production structure changes resulting from increased oil field maintenance and operations. (4) In terms of production, the rate of increase in oil and gas production by q4 was slower than before, with a combined oil and gas ratio of 3.48 per cent for the same year and a ring ratio of 2.78 per cent for the same year.
The \triangleright company as a whole achieved a lower oil price than the tar: crude oil prices fell in 2024 and Brent maintained a high rate of growth: net oil and gas production by the company in 2024 amounted to 726.8 million barrels of oil.
\triangleright equivalent, year-on-year +7.20%, slightly above the target. Of this, the share of oil and gas production is 78%: 22%, which is essentially unchanged from the previous year; 68%, both within and outside the country; and 32%, which represents the share of overseas production.
In the North American region, the northwest of Long Lake Canada project was launched in November 24, with the main cost of barrel oil remaining below the company's average line. In addition, for offshore oil-producing oil fields, it is estimated that the cost of oil in the North American region will be higher than the cost of oil in the North American region.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The storage life continues to be steady for 10 years: 167 per cent of the company ' s reserves were replaced in 2024, and the reserves were \triangleright
In terms of exploration, the company has made a breakthrough in deep water depths in the Pang Sea and the South China Sea, with the discovery of bluefin overseas in Guyana and the successful acquisition of oil contracts for a total of 10 new blocks in Mozambique, Brazil and Iraque, which will provide the basis for the company’s subsequent build-up.
The cost of barrel oil has decreased on a year-on-year basis: in 2024, the company ' s main cost of barrel oil was $28.52 (compared to \triangleright -- $0.31), mainly as a result of the decline in disposal fees, period fees and taxes.
\triangleright + 2.24%, expenditure on exploration, exploitation, and production capitalization was 14%, 66% and 18%, respectively, due to increased workload in the oil fields and changes in the structure of production. \triangleright + 2.24%
\triangleright Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: We project the company ' s net return profit in 2025-2027, respectively \triangleright
The prices are 9.20, 8.82 and 8.38 times, respectively, and the shares are 6.01, 5.76, 5.47 times higher. Given that the company benefits from high crude oil prices and increased production, we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company's a and h shares.
Risk factors: economic volatility and downside risk of oil prices; failure of companies to increase production at the rate expected; economic sanctions and geopolitical risks.Ko Wing Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China Geology and Mineral Economics Society
Member of the Board of Experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey Development, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice on hundreds of topics, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Scientific Society for the Environment of China ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific and Technical Committee on Carbon Sino-Carbon. He was an expert and assistant director of China ' s Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China ' s Energy Outlook 2060 book;
In March 2023, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the field of large energy and is responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.