q1 q1 is expected to continue to rise at a positive rate of future income growth q1 achieved operating income of $1.66 billion in 2020, a 6.4 per cent decline in the same year; net return to the mother
540 million yuan, or 48.6 per cent more in the same year; 540 million yuan, or 51.7 per cent more in the same year, in the net profit from the non-repatriation of mothers; and 340 million yuan, or 45.5 per cent less in the same year, in the net cash flow from operating activities.
The increase in corporate profits was due to the growth in corporate equity, which was 6.4 per cent, 72.0 per cent, and the growth of pharmaceutical portfolios, which led to a significant increase in corporate net profits as a whole. 88.9 per cent (compared to 81.8 per cent in the same period last year) of corporate Māori rose more significantly, presumably compared to business.
1. " High annual report growth is in line with expectations, and the gold races are being restructured with expectations " , " Long Spring New Company Review " , " Finality " , " 2020.1.6.
The size of the accounts receivable has increased with billions of yuan (at the beginning of the period, 890 million yuan): while cash from companies buying goods and receiving labour payments has increased more, taxes and other costs paid have increased, net cash flows from corporate operations have declined from last year (34 billion yuan, compared to 620 million yuan in the same period last year).
Growth hormones are expected to return to high growth in the future: we believe that the first quarter is affected by the epidemic, that the sale of growth hormones and the expansion of new patients are affected by the epidemic, but that growth continues to be strong, reflecting strong corporate sales and push.
As the country’s clinics recover, growth hormone sales are expected to rise again. The 100-gram biovaccine operation q1 is improving in many ways: 2020q1, 100-gram biopox detoxification, and the company’s frozen dry nose influenza detoxification vaccine has been approved.
Taking into account factors such as the increased awareness of mass influenza vaccinations following the new crown outbreak, it is expected that the future growth of 100 grams of bionose-spray influenza vaccine will be more resilient. Taking into account the trend in the future cost ratio of companies, we have raised our profit forecast by about 3% in 2021.
Vuanwei@aiza.com.cn Performance Commitment Risks in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals Industry; Change in Growth Hormogen Market Patterns and Increased Competition; Health Insurance and Control Wind Insurance: Release Risks for Stock Restricted
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment