The semiconductor area is constantly configured and wind vents are brought in Industry: Mechanical equipment - photovoltaic equipment Item 1: The company issued an announcement, and the board of directors adopted " The Medium Ring Lead Semiconductor on Investment Participation " .
Nero: The company's Twitter public announces that the company has reached a consensus on 200 mm silicon-related equipment in the United States of America.
The company semiconductor area is constantly configured. The central ring leads semiconductor material company, Inc., has a registered capital of $5 billion, of which the transistor power costs $500 million, or 10%. The central ring leads semiconductor materials with 12mth share price range ($)
The limited company is a three-way cooperative project involving China Ring shares, tin-free municipalities, crystal-single power and electricity for the production and manufacture of large silicon tablets by integrated circuits with a total investment of about US$ 3 billion, with a one-phase investment
The semiconductor crystalline silicon growth facility is probably the supplier of the project, and the company fully benefits from the project.
The company has a partnership with the United States company Revasum on 200 mm silicon-related equipment, of which the 8-inch polisher is scheduled to be marketed in 2018. As a result of this collaboration, crystals will be equipped with crystal growth equipment, cutters, rollers, polishers, etc.
The supply capacity of the company in the field of semiconductor silicon crystal circle is increasing.
The scale of the equipment market will reach $11.04 billion, an increase of 61.4%, and China will become the second largest semiconductor equipment market in the world. China’s firms, which are constantly building 16 plants, are reporting depths of electromechanical (300316) companies: 10 years of industry.
It's the world's largest single-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-cooled-cooled-cooled-cooled-crystal-cooled-crystal-cooled-crystal-cooled-crysilicon-crystal-crylic-cooled-crystal-crysed-crystal-crysed-crystal-crystal-crystal-cool-cool-climbing-climbing-climbing-crying-cool-climbing-climbing-climbing-cool-cooling-cooling-cool-climbing plant in China, where there are plants in Beijing, Zhejiang-Ring-Chen, Shanghai, etc.
20170828-nrc17-ct55: '2017 semi-annual report, home coded silicon crystal circle, which we believe will gradually be recognized by downstream crystal mills, domestic silicon assessment: photovoltaic equipment benefits from industry highs, semiconductors.
The equipment plant will continue to benefit as it moves into an expansion of production capacity. With the large trend in equipment’s domestic production – the photovoltage industry – maintaining a high profile, monocrystal silicon benefiting from higher penetration rates will continue to expand.
20171019-nrc17-ct64: Dynamic review: Central ring, according to the data of the China-Turkish Union, the additional light voltage installed in January-October 2017 was 44.8gw, year-round, with 8.6gw single crystal silicon, single crystal silicon.
The probability is more than 50 gw, and the photovoltaic addition continues. A further 8.6 gw was added to the previous Central Ring announcement to enable the expansion of the logic to continue to be verified, with a potential equipment market space of $3.04 billion, including single crystal furnaces: $3.01 billion.
Three-quarterly review of the photovoltage industry, continued high-intensity installation, semiconductor state-produced silicon capacity planning for 23gw with 24gw silicon capacity planning for Lungi shares.
Nearer, the expansion of the production capacity of monocrystal silicon between the dragons is one-on-one, and the logic of the continuous expansion of single-crystal silicon capacity continues to be demonstrated. Between 2017 and 2020, a combined growth rate of 6% of the world’s new photovoltage, and China’s domestic photovolves are over-anticipated and are expected to be 40-50gw per year in the future.
The annual global single crystal silicon capacity demand is 74gw, with China occupying the main production capacity of the global silicon. We expect new silicon production capacity of 10.5gw, 13.65gw, 17.15gw, and the future of the net from 2017 to 2020.
And we assume that future monocrystal capacity is likely to run from supply to supply. Single-crystal silicon equipment, as a pre-investment in capacity, will benefit the first, and single-crystal silicon equipment will continue to benefit from the surge in single-crystal energy investment in the high landscape of the photovoltaic industry and the increased permeability of monocrystal silicon.
▪ Investment advice. Maintenance of company sales revenue in 2017/2018/2019 of 24.11, 35.98, silicon growth equipment will fully benefit from increased production from the bare-volatile monocrysilicon permeability of the plant leading to an expansionary and semiconductor-national production of silicone crystal.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.