In the field of semiconductor silicon, semiconductor equipment is expected to accelerate.
Investment projects are expected to be expanded in two steps: first, by expanding investment based on the existing production lines of the E.C.E.C., and second, by building new production lines. The company invests together with downstream customers, effectively making public investments.
Equipment such as single-crystal furnaces are tied to downstream customers and process depth to facilitate product development, production and marketing, and to improve opportunities for companies to open up semiconductor markets.
The city has entered into a strategic cooperation agreement for the production and manufacture of large silicon tablets for the construction of integrated circuits.
1. Investor-wide financing (to be proposed): proposed cash contribution of $5.5 million, or 10 per cent of the registered capital; proposed contribution of $15.5 million, or 30 per cent of the registered capital, in the Central Ring; proposed capital contribution of Hong Kong, China
The Mechanical Industry Weekly: A New Era of High Quality Lead and High Quality, in which the Central Ring shares are financed mainly by existing semiconductor assets (the E.C. subsidiary) to assess the amount of the financing.
"Looking at semiconductor equipment, combined valuation switch to 2018, and figure 1. Investment quadruple share ratio, with crystals power at 10%, qualified for portfolio investment advisory business.
Mechanical industry: railway equipment, engineering machinery, garments, from Yang Shaohui* 2. E-Europe Company: Central Ring Associates, long-term semiconductor crystallization research and production, successful in 2011
The company has over 50 years of semiconductor crystal production history and professional experience, resulting in a domestic market holding more than 75% of the melting silicon crystals/chips in the Circumpolar Europe region, and a global market holding more than 75%.
Figure 2. Figure 2. Melting single crystals physical maps 3. Crystalstower power received orders totalling more than 3 billion yuan in January-November 2017, of which semiconductor equipment amounted to 110 million yuan.
The company invests in cash-in equity, relying on its semiconductor equipment development and manufacturing advantages, and is expected to contribute to the process of nationalization of semiconductor critical equipment. With the support of the major national project 02, the company has successfully developed its first eight-inch furnace in the country, with only German pva one internationally.
4. The semiconductor monocrystal silicon/discrete production line has a high investment value. The crystal-spire electrical product has covered the main processes of monocrysilica production, including: growth furnaces, rollers, cutters, etc., where single crystals grow.
The stoves are the most valuable, and new products are still being developed and promoted. According to our calculations, single crystal growth furnaces produce between 100 million and 150 million yuan, of which single crystal furnaces are equipped.
Production investment, followed by the creation of new production lines to expand capacity. The crystal-spill power investment with downstream customers will be effective in setting up facilities to be tied to downstream customers, deep-strap downstream processes to be developed and developed, enabling the development and sale of equipment products from the crystals engine power, and improving opportunities for companies to open up semiconductor markets.