The photovoltage industry continues to be high, semiconductor industries: mechanical equipment - photovoltaic equipment, a wave of national production.
Neo Yue's growth rate continued to be high, and the cost rate continued to improve. The company's operating income of 2017q3 was $448 million, an increase of 80.09 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $111 million for the mother, an increase of 105.28 per cent in the same year.
The net profits of the company q3 grew significantly relative to q2, and we believe that it is mainly a change in the structure of the company’s product delivery that returns to the company’s high Māori rate of product delivery. And, as the company’s income expands, the 12mth share price range (in dollars)
The firm ' s size effect is beginning to reflect a management cost of 12.90 per cent, a decline of 2.62 per cent over the same period; and the recent high of liquidity/total equity (billion shares) and the continued release of profitability.
Shao Jingxin Investment Management Consulting Co. Ltd., Photovoltaics industry has continued to grow, and single crystal silicon will continue to expand, benefiting from higher penetration rates.
According to the Chinese ITU data, 217q1-3 light-voltage additional loaders were 42.31gw, while the additional loaders were 4.03gw in September, which was more than anticipated, and the photo-volt machine was expected to remain high and to be over 50gw throughout the year. 15gw of the distributed additions were increased by 300 per cent compared to the 300 per cent increase in the distribution pattern for the second half of the year.
The previous Central Ring announcement added 8.6gw single crystal silicon capacity, with a potential equipment market of $3.04 billion, including single crystal furnaces of $3.01 billion, cut-off machines of $9 million, one first report date of 9 October 2017.
It's close to the single crystal silicon capacity planning of 24gw shares in Lungi, and there's an in-depth report between the pioneers on the single crystal electron (300316) company: ten years of industrial expansion of silicon capacity, and the logic of continuous expansion of silicon capacity continues to be demonstrated.
Windway, the leader of single crystalline silicon equipment, returned 6 per cent of the combined growth rate of new photovoltage machines worldwide between 2017 and 2020, and China's domestic photovoltage, criticising that photovoltaic equipment benefits from industry highs and semiconductors.
By 2020, it is expected to reach 40-50%. According to our optimistic projections of global monocrystal silicon capacity requirements in 2020, the big trend in the national production of equipment is 74gw, with China occupying the main production capacity of the global silicon, and we expect each year from 2017 to 2020.
20171019-nrc17-ct64: Dynamics: Middle Ring New Capables of 10.5gw, 13.65gw, 17.15gw, 21.29gw, corresponding additions 8.6gw monostatic silicon, single crystallized silicon
We believe that in the future of photovoltaic parity Internet access, crystals will be able to continuously verify trends in expansionary logic, and in the larger trend of single crystals, the future of single crystal silicon production will continue to be expected to be overstretched.
They assume that the future production capacity of single crystals is likely to run from supply to demand. Single crystal silicon equipment, as a pre-investment in capacity, will benefit the first, and single crystal silicon equipment will continue to benefit from the high profile of the photovoltage industry and from a single crystalline energy investment that increases the permeability of single crystal silicon.
• The semiconductor’s national production wave, with the silicon crystal circle coming up with a production energy layout. The company announced in 2017.10.12 that it had signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Central Ring and Tinless City Government to start construction in the city of Yi-Hing. The integrated circuit production and manufacturing project for large silicon tablets, with a total investment of about US$ 3 billion in one phase of the project.
About $1.5 billion. So far, the company has not announced specific forms of cooperation and potential benefits, but we're judging that the future company's semiconductor crystalline silicon growth facility is probably a supplier of the project, and that in the future the market size of the equipment will be $11.04 billion, an increase of 61.4 per cent for China.
Second-largest semiconductor equipment market. China’s enterprises, which continue to build 16 plants, are now the world’s largest producers, while the silicon crystal circle upstream is dominated by five major corporations, China’s production capacity is missing, and China is using Beijing as research, Zhejiang Qingxiang, Shanghai Xin.
We think they're going to be gradually endorsed by downstream crystals, where the country's silicon crystals are expected to move into a phase of expansion of capacity, and equipment producers are expected to benefit.  Investment proposals. Based on the company's three-quarters report, we adjust the company's profit projections.
The benefits are from increased production expansion and the production of semiconductor domestic production in the light of the high trend towards a single-volatile crystalline silicon permeability. The company’s “uptake” rating is maintained. The sapphire material given to the public has not developed as much as expected.
October 31, 2017. Moreover, any part of my salary has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.