The cooperative China-China silicon-free silicon silica project was officially launched, mainly on December 29, 2017.
On December 28, 2017, the Central Ring lead integrated circuit was inaugurated with a large diameter silicon project, which was successfully held in the city.
Cho, we're working with China to build the Big Silicon Project, and the equipment order is growing over time: the Medium Ring leads the Integrated Circuit, the Big In diameter Silicon Project is a major project by the Central Ring shares, working together with the Tinless City, the Zhejiang Jingxing Machine and Power.
The center ring leads the project ' s implementation by a tripartite joint venture of 500 million, or 10%, of the crystals engine, and 1.5 billion, or 30% of the registered capital, of the central ring shares, the central ring Hong Kong, and the development of the tinless. This cooperation will help to upgrade our semiconductor materials.
At the industry level, to ease the constraints on the development of the semiconductor industry in China. After the landing of the tin-free projects (total $20 billion in one instalment of $10 billion), we expect 70% of the funds to be spent on equipment purchases, of which single-crystal stoves account for about 25%, and are expected to give priority to the equipment of the crystals.
▪ The semiconductor order has reached $100 million since this year, and performance is beginning to materialize: clients include well-known semiconductor enterprises such as Research Semiconductor, Tianjin Ring Europe, Taiwan Crystal, Kim Rui-chan, etc.
The Division announced that the total number of new orders for semiconductor equipment exceeded 100 million (the main client is crystalline, amounting to 80 million) and that the products included new products such as semiconductor single crystals, semiconductor single crystalline silicone rollers, cut-off machines, etc., while accelerating research and development on the set-up semiconductor processing equipment. We believe that the company ' s products have been successful.
The introduction of import substitution will become the primary option for home-grown equipment in the hot tide of silicon mills on the mainland, and it is hoped that the future will benefit significantly from the domesticization of semiconductor equipment and the opening of new performance growth levels.
The field has pre-existing advantages, and the tdr130a-zjs full-automatic monocrysilium growth furnace product, which is a major national scientific and technical project entitled “The development of 300 mm silicon monocrystal straight-line growth equipment” and is now in the production phase, has been approved.
Automatic monocrystal growth stoves meet the higher requirements of semiconductors in terms of homogeneity and deficiency density.
So far, import substitution has been successfully achieved in the area of 8-inch monocrystals, and 12-inch monocrystals have entered into a small bulk production phase. The milling equipment has entered into strategic collaboration with the Japanese Dragonhead Saito sperm machine: the mill is used mainly for table preparation.
The treatment of the face, while the slicer was used for silicon cutting, combined with a 15% price on the silicon production line; the equipment was relatively low, but expensive. Japan’s Saito sperm machine had been working on semiconductor processing equipment for more than 80 years, and it was very high in Japan.
Visibility and influence. A message released on February 16, 2017 by the Transistor WikiLeaks Wikimediar said that it would work with the Quito machine on semiconductor processing equipment, which we believe will help the company to develop further back-stage price equipment for silicon.
▪ Cooperation agreement with the United States company revasum for silicon polishing equipment: the silicon polishing device is the key equipment in the mass integrated circuit chip manufacturing process below 0.25 μm. The polishing process is a refined process based on grinding process, bringing the silicon surface to mirror effects (a microcreak of nanoscale).
The geometric parameters, as well as the chemical, mechanical, etc., are high on the surface roughness. At the same time, with the semiconductor equipment subject report I: the chip industry is growing rapidly, the surface level of the silicon chip is becoming more demanding and technologically demanding.
The huge supply and demand gap for silicon silicon is the trend towards a larger-than-diameter silicon silicon process. The equipment is worth as much as an investment opportunity for equipment -20171222.
Millions of dollars, or 10% of the value on the silicon production line. According to the Transistor WikiLeaks, the company agreed on 20 November to work with revasum to make 2.
Using revasum technology and corporate production and marketing advantages to produce 200 mm silicon tablets for revasum, endogenous growth is strong, using polishing equipment. Revasum has the world’s leading advanced polishing technology and patents and applies them.
In a variety of areas, such as silicon production, power equipment, radio frequency, etc., the crystals are expected to absorb power from the crystals: advanced technology at the critical link of high-performance photovoltaic silicon polishing, opening up the growth space for polishing equipment operations.
The company's short-term performance will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry and medium-term low-cost Internet access to light-voltage demand.
Transistor Power: Hand-held “Tixless City + Big Bang, with long-term promise to benefit from the high-intensity of the semiconductor industry and the country's central ring share in the national production of semiconductor equipment”.
The Silicon Fracture Project contributes to the national production of semiconductors 5. Crystal-spill power and power: performance against expectations, with significant benefits from the single-price replacement wave
Figure 2: Process processes for auto-slicing machines Figure 1: Process processes for automatic mills: surface treatment Figure 3: All-automatic single-silicon growth furnaces for crystal-silicon power tdr150a-zjs
1. Measuring the market space for silicon equipment from the point of view of silicon demand and supply: our model is based mainly on data from the Chinese Electronic Materials Industry Association: the current domestic demand base for silicon 4-6 inches
It could have satisfied that total production of 8 inches of silicon (including polish and extrapolation) amounted to 1.2 million, while the monthly demand was about 800,000, with a projected monthly demand of 7.5 to 8 million, starting in 2020; and 12 inches of silicon, which was entirely import-dependent, currently had a total domestic demand of about 500,000 to one month, with an estimated total demand of 1.1 to 1.3 million to one month after 2018.
The demand for new equipment was $5.7 billion, $7.7 billion, $11.1 billion, or $19.1 billion, respectively, for the period from 2000 to 2020; the demand for the core equipment single crystal furnace was $4.8 billion.2 The gap between supply and demand is the central factor leading to the expansion of all silicone plants;
The semiconductor silicon sector also has national production requirements: the actual supply and demand gap = potential demand for import substitution. 2. Measuring the market space for silicon equipment from the point of view of productive investment: 10,000 metres per month, almost entirely dependent on imports; by 2020, the demand will reach 2 million metres per month, with a shortfall of about 1.7 million pieces per month.
Such a market of silicon, which is in short supply and is monopolized, will be the result of an overstretched supply and demand conflict that will drive silicon into national production. The significance of the silicon project for our integrated circuit industry is the autonomous control of upstream (the end of raw materials).
There are currently at least nine silicon projects in the country, with a combined investment of close to 60 billion yuan: Shanghai Shinjing (6.8 billion yuan), Chongqing supersilicon, Chengdu supersilicon (5 billion yuan), Ningxia Silver and Zhejiang Kim Ri-yeon ($5 billion), Chengzhou Jing Jian Jing II ($5.3 billion), China-Crystals without Tin ($3 billion), Kyoto-East-Angang New Zone Project ($10 billion), Hang
State ferrotec projects ($1 billion) and so on. Equipment purchases accounted for 70 per cent of the energy invested. From 2017 to 2020, we measured domestic purchases of silicon equipment at a total value of $36.4 billion.
Based on the principles of the investment cycle and the sheep effect, we expect new players to join the big silicon industry in the coming years, the investment peak is yet to arrive, the semiconductor industry and the equipment industry are about to enter the boom.