With hands held, the City of Tinless + the Central Ring shares, three billion dollars is invested in the silicon silicon project, which contributes to the nationalization of the semiconductor.
Events: On October 12, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed by the City of Tin-free, with a tripartite or industrial fund to identify the project ' s main investors and to launch a project to build integrated circuits for the production and manufacture of large silicon tablets, with a total investment of $3 billion and an investment of about $1.5 billion in one phase.
• Strategic dimension: effective mitigation of the constraints of semiconductor material supply on the development of the semiconductor industry in China
In 2014, the State published the National Outline for the Development of the Integrated Circuit Industry. In 2015, the National Integrated Circuit Fund was established. In addition, the top-level design documents, such as the National Integrated Circuit Promotion Programme, China Manufacturing 2025, plan for the development of the semiconductor sector, and China is now investing billions of dollars in the semiconductor sector, where the semiconductor industry is moving into a high-speed development phase, equipment and materials.
The world’s top ten semiconductor plants produce 72% of the world’s output, with a high concentration of industry, but without a continental manufacturer, there is a long way to go. The semiconductor industry follows Moore’s law, with integrated circuits growing “fast, smaller, and cheaper” and so the stability of single-crystal furnaces and the absence of defects in finished products play a key role in reducing costs. As the country’s only semiconductor-level single-crystal equipment manufacturer, companies have developed a number of significant research and development efforts.
As a result, the main technical indicators of the silicon silicon monocrystal furnaces in the new generation have reached an internationally advanced level, breaking the pattern of foreign monopolies and beginning to produce in bulk. This strategic collaboration is a joint push for the start-up of the silicon silicon silica project for integrated circuits.
This collaboration with China’s central shares is another step forward in the area of semiconductor technology, following cooperation with China’s large-scale integrated circuit manufacturing equipment and packages of the country’s major scientific and technical (02 special) “Small silicon monocrysil monocrystalization technology and the development of national production equipment,” which will take advantage of the company’s semiconductor.
The advantages of equipment research and development in the field of manufacturing are favourable to the technology of companies to maintain semiconductor silicon crystal growth equipment; advancedness and market-led advantage; and a strong push for the nationalization of semiconductor critical equipment and the continuous upgrading of the core competitiveness of the company ' s semiconductor equipment.
In 2016, the top five semiconductor silicon manufacturers in Japan, Taiwan, Germany, and South Korea accounted for 92% of the world ' s capacity, and oligopoly has formed. And the country now has a large 300mm silicon.
The company, as the country’s scarce semiconductor-level equipment dealer, includes such well-known semiconductor enterprises as semiconductor, Tianjin Ring Europe, Taiwan Crystal, Jin Rui Luang, etc. In the first half of the year, the company’s semiconductor equipment was combined with more than 85 million new units, and the product package included semiconductor monocrystals, semiconductor single silicone rollers, cutters, etc.
Semiconductor processing equipment accelerates R & D. We believe that the company’s products have been successfully replaced by imports, that they will become the primary option for home-grown equipment in the hot tide of the construction of crystal-crystal plants on the continent, and that the future is expected to benefit significantly from the domesticization of semiconductor equipment.
On September 30, Central Ring announced that a subsidiary “Medium Rope” was to invest in the construction of the “Silica monocrysil material production phase IV”, with a combined annual capacity of about 23gw after the completion of the monocrystal system (which has been expanded to 8gwh).
1. Transistor Power: The performance meets expectations, and the unit price has benefited significantly from the wave.
And the second-high-speed central-ring shares are closely related to Crystal. In our view, Crystal 2.
Silicon millers, such as the Central Circle, the Consortium and the Crystal Au, will benefit first from the wave of semiconductor equipment, which is expected to continue to grow over the next few years to support the company's performance.
3. Transistor power: Platoon Voltage Large Orders  Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations  Landed to benefit from photovoltaic warming + monocrystals
The company ' s short-term performance will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry, with a long-term expectation of benefiting from the high temperature of the semiconductor industry and national support for the national production of semiconductor equipment, with a recommended focus on the company ' s semiconductor equipment for the benefit of the photovoltaic reheating + semiconductor equipment countries.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board