High performance continues to grow, with photovoltaic + semiconductor, crystals, crystals, tri-quarterly review in 2017.
The net return to the mother was $253 million, an increase of 95.33 per cent. Of that amount, the company achieved operating income of $449 million in the third quarter, an increase of 80.09 per cent in the year, and the net return to the mother was $111 million, an increase of 105.2 per cent in the previous three quarters, with an increase of 105.2 per cent and a total year-round performance of 105.2 per cent.
\triangleright is a crystal grower business, while photovoltage smart processing equipment, sapphire material operations have been steadily developing, and semiconductor equipment orders have increased significantly. The company’s combined Māori rate for the first three quarters was 35.29%, a decline of 1.37 percentage points from the same period, and the prices of raw materials have risen and moved up significantly this year.
The trend towards monochrystal replacement has emerged, and the demand for single crystal furnaces in the company is strong \triangleright, with the spread rise of light and the leader's plans, the country's landscape is rising, and the last three quarters have seen their loads continue to outpace expectations, with single crystals.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom has become apparent as a substitute for multiple crystals, with single-crystal silicon blades, represented by Lungi and Central Ring shares, increasing their production. Companies have taken full advantage of single-crystal growth technology and market advantages, seizing market opportunities, binding large customers’ middle-circle shares, and further consolidating high-end market ownership.
In the first three quarters of the year, major contracts for corporate crystal growth equipment and smart equipment were announced in excess of $4 billion, of which about 9 became single-crystal orders, laying the groundwork for high growth in the previous three quarters. At the end of September, the company had a total outstanding contract of $2,741 million, of which 979 million were for all deliveries and $1,394 million were partially delivered, and $368 million were not yet on delivery terms.
\triangleright now the global semiconductor silicon industry is largely controlled by Japan, Taiwan, Germany and the Republic of Korea, and our semiconductor silicon is almost finished as a large demand country.
In recent years, there has been a marked increase in national policy guidelines and funding for the gradual sale of semiconductor silicon production. In the area of semiconductor equipment, companies have worked for many years, and are technologically strong, and have taken on two major national science and technology-related topics, making a series of positive developments, the only enterprises in the country that can produce advanced semiconductor equipment on a large scale this year.
Since then, the company’s semiconductor equipment sales have exceeded $100 million, and in the future it will continue to increase its investment in semiconductor equipment and become a leading military firm in leading semiconductor fittings for national production applications, benefiting from its depth. The photovoltaic industry is falling at a slower pace than expected, and the semiconductor’s national production process is below expectations.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
The team leader in the basic chemical industry, who has nine years of experience in the securities industry, is well placed to capture the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and to analyze his own research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies