The information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Transistor power: a major breakthrough in the polishing machine, a wave of national production of the power semiconductor equipment Incident: A recent installation of the transvestite generator and a 200-mm silicon-related installation in the United States of America's revasum company
In 2018, the market will be officially launched with an 8-inch polisher, and the semiconductor silicon device tap will be re-emerged: the company had previously taken over the major national technology specializations of “300 mm of silicon monocrystal growth equipment development” and “8 inches of silicone monocrystal furnaces in the country.”
In addition to this, the company has developed new products such as four to six inches, 8 to 12 inches of semiconductor single crystal silicone rollers, single crystal silicon cutters, etc. The company’s main clients in the semiconductor silicon field are currently semiconductors,
Prominent companies like Taiwan All-China, Tianjin, Europe, and Jin Rui-chung. And this collaboration with the revasum company will further enrich the company’s product structure, so that it can provide downstream customers with a full set of solutions for silicon production, such as grinding, cutting, polishing, etc.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Nationally produced silicon chip gaps widen and equipment manufacturers benefit first: according to semi data, total market value/flow (millions)
Between 2017 and 2020, 62 crystal mills will be in operation globally, 26 of which will come from China. In 2018 alone, 13 crystal mills will be in operation in mainland China. Large-scale construction of the crystal factory will lead to a significant increase in the demand for silicon.
Ten thousand polish tablets and 150,000 extras, and according to the UCS, the domestic demand for silicon is 460,000 on the 12-inch line and 661,000 on the 8-inch line. There is a significant gap in the self-sufficiency of the national silicon. As the crystal mill is accelerated, the future will also drive the large silicon tablets.
The company will benefit from the depth of this wave of crystal-crystal plant construction. Strategic collaboration has announced the launch of a 12-inch-of-silicon production facility: In October this year, the company launched a project to develop a silicon plant.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the Tianjin Central Loop Semiconductor, Tinless City to build a “Silica Production and Manufacturing Project for Integrated Circuits” in the city of Eui-Xing, with a total investment of about $3 billion and an investment of about $1.5 billion in one phase. The launch of the cooperation project will lead to 12 inches of silicon equipment.
A new wave of national production. The next wave of crystals is expected to cut into new silicons, supersilicon, and so forth, and the leaders plan to boost the expansion of single-crystal capacity. New opportunities for the photovoltaic market arise: in September 2017, the National Energy Agency issued a circular planning the construction of the 2017 runners’ plan on a regular scale.
Regulations 6.5gw, and 1.5gw incentives are set aside. This is 45.45% more than the 5.5gw in 2016. Markets are very popular because the pilot base encourages efficient components, and the conversion of single crystal perc components has a clear advantage.
The size of the project is about 1 gwh, with single crystals installed at 609 mw, or 60% of the total installation. The market demand for single crystals is high, the central ring, Lungi, etc. have a greater capacity expansion.
Three years of complex growth of 70%. And crystals and power, as the country’s state-of-the-art optical monocrystal plant, had 2,284 million in hand contracts related to the midring in the third quarter of 2017. The future benefits will continue to benefit from further expansion of production in Central Ring and Lungi.
Sapphire material is mainly used in led-lined materials, accounting for 80% of the total market demand for sapphire.
According to yole, the size of the city is expected to rise from $2.26 billion in 2016 to $9.76 billion in 2020. The company has succeeded in producing 300 kg of sapphire crystals (the first in the country) using bubbles.
A 150-kilogram-grade sapphire crystal can reduce the unit cost by 20%. With the company’s sapphire production gradually released after Ming, it is expected to bring new growth points to the company.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.