The three-quarterly report outperformed its expectations, with a strong internal growth momentum, October 26, 2017.
The first three quarters of the company's business income grew mainly from the downstream light-voltage industry, with the light down.
S-0605511002 Wide-source expansion, approval of single-crystal technology routes, continuous increase in penetration, good sales of company crystal growth equipment, especially single-crystal silicon growth furnaces, since this year ' s announcement of major operating contract orders (including outstanding bid) has exceeded 3 billion, of which 1,989 million will be confirmed this year.
In addition, the company’s optically intelligent processing equipment, the steady development of its bluestone materials business, and the increase in semiconductor equipment over a billion dollars this year are expected to double the company’s annual income. The troe has significantly improved, and the cost rate has decreased over the period.
The combined quarterly cost represented 14.57 per cent of total income (of which sales, management and financial cost rates were split) The absolute financial cost was reduced by 166 per cent on a year-on-year basis owing to the rapid growth in the operating income of the denominator, on the one hand, and the corresponding increase in interest income from corporate non-public fund-raising.
▪ Photovoltaic warmth + monocrystal replacement multi-crystalization trends are evident, with a significant benefit to the longline monocrystal equipment operator 42gwh (central 27gwh, split 15gwh) in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of more than 60% compared to the previous year's total installation.
The reason for the continued over-predictability of the photovoltaics is the extension of the pilot's plans for reconnection and the outbreak of distributed photovoltaics. Moreover, our photovoltaic industry is still developing in a policy and subsidy drive, generating electricity at a high cost, and generating electricity at a flat cost is to maintain its viability. So silicone is the only way to sustain it.
The advantage in cost and battery efficiency is destined to replace the crystals as a major trend in the future, and we expect to increase the penetration rate of single crystal silicon from the current 26% to over 50% by 2020, and the total market space for crystal equipment can be around 140 dollars.
More than 3 billion dollars have been ordered for photovoltaic equipment, mostly from the world’s leading photovoltaic giants, highlighting once again the company’s leading position in the field of monocrystal equipment. At the end of September, the major customer’s circular will add 8.6gwh single crystallized silicon capacity to the existing plan.
The demand for single-crystal equipment (over $6 billion) will significantly increase the company’s performance in the next two years. The technologically leading semiconductor equipment tap, benefiting from a major national production opportunity for semiconductors, in 2016, the top five semiconductor silicon manufacturers in Japan, Taiwan, Germany, and South Korea.
At present, the domestic demand for 300 mm large silicon tablets is about 450,000 to 500,000 per month, almost entirely import-dependent, and domestic production is imminent. The state is also pushing the semiconductor nationalization process from the policy and capital levels. The company is a scarce domestic semiconductor.
This year, the company’s semiconductor equipment combined with new signatures 1. Crystal engine power: the endogenous growth is strong.
More than 100 million orders have been issued, including new products such as semiconductor single-crystal furnaces, semiconductor single-crysilica rollers, cut-off machines, and accelerated R&D against the already established semiconductor processing equipment. We believe that the company’s products have been successfully replaced by imports, which will become the first luminous and semiconductor equipment to be produced on the mainland under the hot tide of the construction of the crystal-crystal plant – a choice that is likely to benefit significantly from the nationalization of semiconductor equipment in the future.
On October 12th, the city government signed a strategic cooperation agreement in the absence of 2.Crystal power: performance against expectations, with significant benefits from the monocrystal replacement wave -
Si Yi-heung initiated a project to build integrated circuits for the production and manufacture of large silicon tablets, with a total investment of $3 billion, or $1.5 billion, in one phase. Once the project has landed, priority is expected to be given to the use of crystallized equipment, which is expected to continue to boost the company’s profits in semiconductor equipment and raise the company’s valuation level.
3. Transistor power: reaping semiconductor orders, benefiting from national production of semiconductor equipment  profit forecasting and investment proposals
The company ' s short-term performance will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry, with low-cost Internet access in the medium term leading to a high demand for photovoltaics, which in the long run will be expected to benefit from the high-profileness of the semiconductor industry and the national production of semiconductor equipment.
Support, the proposal is to focus on progress in the development and sale of company semiconductor equipment. It is expected to land from 2017 to 2019 and benefit from the light-volatage refrigerating + single crystals.