The company was the country's first car-powered lithium separation.
One of the companies that autonomously develop, produce and sell sub-cells, billions of yuan, i.e. 135% of the year, has an autonomous core intellectual property right, and the main business is lithium power.
Sustained recovery in profitability: prior to the forecast, net gain of $220 to $320 million for the mother, high in the pre-notification area, two major operating blocks of battery and distribution equipment, the main products of which were positive materials, lithium cell cores, lithium batteries.
The price of the company’s power lithium battery is reduced by less than the price change at the end of the raw material.
Power storage operations yield a double harvest: 18,482/3508 million in 22 years for power/storage batteries, + 116 per cent/+186 per cent in the same year, 28.5gwh in the same year + 90 per cent in the same year, 23gwh/5.5gwh in the same year for power/storage.
The city accounted for 4.52%, and the lfp market continued to lead the second-tier industry. Chirí, 2.36gwh. The top-up of Mitsubishi became the top customer.
Over 30,000 deliveries have been made, and over 120,000 are expected to be delivered throughout the year. Successfully entering the Renault-Japanese-Trithin Coalition supply system, providing a supply of trekkotamnibox, with 64,000 of them exported in 22 years, and third, companies are expected to further open their markets abroad through the supply of Elite.
The group worked together as the first standard core anchoring firm, with a standard core production capacity of 23 q3 expected to be operational. Overseas operations expanded rapidly, leading the global layout industry: $2.98 billion in 22 years, compared to tata/vinfast/rivian 6gwh/2gwh/3gwh.
Production is well under way, and capacity-building, such as in the United States and South-East Asia, is progressing steadily, with overseas capacity expected to reach 15-20gwhh in 23 years, leading the industry to cover three major markets in Europe, the United States, and South-East Asia simultaneously. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: 22 years of high corporate performance growth, scale effects, and integration.
At first sight, corporate profits are at a turning point; domestic market shares are strong, overseas operations are well under way, and the global production and distribution industry is leading. We appreciate the company’s long-term rise in global market ownership, working with the public to tap into its potential for growth. The company is expected to return to its net profit in 23-25 years.
Research assistant: Wu Xinyang wuzhy@dxq.net.cn
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: High performance maintained and the seaboarding process led the industry 1.1 Corporate performance: high growth in revenue sustained and profitability sustained.
1) The ability of companies to build their own production of cellular materials and the effectiveness of the integrated layout of the industrial chain; 2) the impact of the scale effect on costs of the fast-released 22q4 capacity of companies; 3) the rapid downswing of the price of lithium carbonate in 23q1 and the downward revision of the price of the company ' s products to a lesser extent than changes in prices at the end of raw materials.
According to the sub-operations, in 22 years, the company power cell system operation generated $18,482 million, compared with +116 per cent, the storage battery system operation generated $3.508 billion, compared with +186 per cent, the transmission and distribution of electricity and other operations generated 10.62 per cent, compared with 80 per cent. The power and storage battery camp increased significantly, largely thanks to the expansion of the company’s supply capacity as a result of the continuous production of multi-territory capacity, such as the company’s 22h2 Nanjing/Yichen/Kingchen/Kingchen/Jingzhou.
In 22 years, the sales volume of the company ' s lithium battery was 28.5 gwh, which was +90%, of which the power cell was 23gwh, and the storage battery was 5.5gwh. 23q1 was 9gwh. 22 years of sales of the company ' s battery system averaged 0.77 yuan/wh, which was +18%; and the profit per unit was 0.14 yuan/wh, which was +12%.
With 6,000 tons of lithium carbonate, covering about 35% of the company’s battery production, and with the successful production of battery materials, such as the positives of the Yangtze River and the U.S.O.S., the company’s output releases a scale effect that adds to the advantages of industrial chain integration and promotes the growth of the profitability of the company’s battery unit.
The company’s production capacity will continue to accelerate the release trend, and we expect the company’s capacity to rise to 180 gwh (including completion + commissioning) in 23 years, yielding 58.2 gwh, or +103%. At the same time, the company is expected to produce more than 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate over 23 years, covering more than 60% of the battery’s production needs, and the raw material supply rate has increased significantly.
With a steady improvement in the layout of the materials and battery recovery operations, the company is expected to achieve further mitigation efficiencies while ensuring the stability of the raw materials supply. 2. Deepening client cooperation to secure domestic shares, sea-pacing upswings to industry leaders 2.1 market shares are strong, and client outreach is fruitful.
2.1.1 The power cell business for 22 years saw a domestic loading capacity of 13.33gwh, +66.2 per cent, and a city rate of 4.52 per cent, of which the lfp loading capacity was 11.89gwh, which represented a solid increase in the number of trio loads.
According to the clientele, in 22 years, the company was the company’s top customer after the Chirre apparel of 2.36gwh, both of which, together with Jiang Huai, account for 51% of the company’s annual load, and the company’s customers in the long, running, Jili and other vehicles, as well as the Ancé passenger cars, Riggs, VJCs, and so on. The company has continued to deepen its client collaboration, maintaining the status of lead producer of Mitsubishi and cumulatively providing over 30,000 packages for the Jili cars.
The company is expected to deliver more than 120,000 units throughout the year, in addition to the 100,000 electric vehicle-enabled power cell systems produced annually in Chirí Argentina. At the same time, the company accelerated the expansion of its new customers, adding more than 15 targeted offshore customers, and successfully entered the Renault-Japanese-Tirkin Union supplier system, which provides easy supply of Tenambox, 64,000 new energy vehicles exported in Elite in 22, ranking third in the country, and nearly 20% of all Chinese exports out of Tesla.
The Division is expected to further open overseas markets by providing easy access, and power cell exports and overseas loads are expected to increase rapidly. Working with popular groups, the company has continued to deepen, with 22 years as the first power cell company to become a standard core point, with a build-up of a standard core product that is expected to be operational in 23q3.
In 22 years, mass groups sold 572,000 vehicles, representing 6.9 per cent of the group’s sales, to 11.20 per cent in 23/25, and the company is expected to continue to benefit from the collaborative effort of the public’s global electricization strategy.
With regard to storage of energy batteries, over 22 years the company has focused on four major storage areas: power side, grid side, user side, side side side, and power side, based on three product platforms covering domestic/commercial/grid-level storage, deepening its cooperation with domestic strategic customers such as Huaieng, National Power Network, China Towers, Quino Energy Group, China Power Source, etc., while actively exploring overseas markets, and forging strategic cooperation with overseas enterprises such as the United States of America, Lextera, and Japan's edison.
According to data, China ranked 6th in 2022 in terms of the volume of batteries stored in the company. 2.2 Overseas operations are expanding into fast lanes, with 22 companies leading the global layout industry, earning $2.98 billion a year in overseas operations, i.e. +465 per cent, or 13 per cent of the total, and +7.8 pct.
The company’s global output of power and storage batteries in 22 years was 23gwh, with a ratio of +15.6 per cent, with a city share of 2.8 per cent, and a global ranking of 8th. Corporate overseas order delivery continued to rise, with a cumulative supply of nearly 2gwh, 23q1 of vinfast/rivian for 22 years, and is expected to supply approximately 6gwh/2gwh/3gwh, respectively, in 23 years.
The company accelerated the expansion of its offshore production base, with the German Göttingen plant having successfully reached production in 22 years, and production base construction in the United States, Viet Nam and Thailand steadily advanced, with the company ' s master overseas capacity plan exceeding 100 gwh, with a potential to reach 15-20 gwh in 23 years, achieving the industry ' s leading offshore capacity and coverage of the three major new energy vehicle markets in Europe, the United States and South-East Asia, with a long-term rise in corporate global market ownership.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East (002074): sustaining high performance, leading industry at sea 2.3 R & D to maintain high levels and battery technology to continue to break through.
The battery technology of the company continues to break through, with the lfp/triple core energy density reaching 230wh/kg and 302wh/kg, respectively, the industry leading water flat and 300ah storage battery cycle life exceeding 10,000 times, all of which have achieved volume production; the single body energy density of 360wh/kg semi-stable battery has been completed with a vehicle loaded, and the new generation of 400wh/kg semi-stable battery has completed the sample phase; and, with regard to pack grouping technology, the company ' s jtm technology is more than 90 per cent more efficient.
In addition, the company has a stock of 46 series of large cylinder batteries, mlfp batteries, and other cutting-edge technologies. 3. Profit forecasting and investment proposals.
Looking ahead, the global electric and storage markets are expected to maintain high growth rates, we appreciate the long-term rise in corporate global market ownership, and the continuing drive to work with large groups will continue to deepen the growth potential of the company. Companies are expected to return to their mothers in 2023-2025, respectively.
The demand for end-uses, such as electric cars/storage, has grown less than expected, the company’s cooperation with the general public/public sales are less advanced than expected, the company’s production capacity is less advanced, the company’s costs/profits have improved less than expected, and industry competition has intensified more than expected.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the boom in the East.
The research assistant gives an overview of Wu's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, a specific recommendation in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
State High Branch (002074): Keeping the performance up and running the industry without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.