{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002074ch) In-depth report: Mass empowerment, profit is about to reverse the dilemma
The view focus is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengleshsummary) Lithium battery applications are fully covered, and mass entry aids fly. 1) The company is engaged in lithium applications.
More than 15 years of research and development and production in the otperform electricity sector in the big city, with a three-dollar technology route and a strategic plan for making “soil, three-dollar, three-dollar storage”, in squares, cylinders, columns, etc.
Soft packages have a technological reserve, and the application landscape covers the use of vehicles, commercial vehicles, specialized htiesg vehicles, low-speed vehicles and storage energy markets to create a multi-growth curve. (2) 21 years of steady growth, large
MSciesg Rating Company Management, Goods Control, R & D Enhancement and Internationalization of brands. rmb35.98bn/us$5.22bn
The stock is expected to be an important increase, with a steady rise in city occupancy. 1) Power cell business: in 2022, the company ' s global loading market was 2.16 per cent, ranking eighth; the domestic loading volume of 13.33gwh was the fourth highest in the country, of which the lfp battery was installed.
11.89gwh is firmly in the top three countries, and the future share of the lfp battery market is expected to continue to rise with the added capacity. 2) Storage operations: the company was ranked sixth in the shipment of lithium batteries in 2022.
As the storage capacity is about to be released, the company’s new production of phosphate lithium can be released fast enough to match the demand for new storage batteries and enable the company’s capacity to grow rapidly. Domestic and external customer orders bring confidence in expansion of capacity.
The ratio of large clients to total capacity is 73.74%, followed by Chir, upper gas, Mitsubishi, Jiang Xiao, Chang An, and running. 2) Offshore clients: tied to the public depth, the corresponding power requirements are expected to be as high as 100gwh.
Tata, Viet Nam, has started working together. In December 21, in a strategic partnership with a major US car company, the total battery volume is expected to be as high as the battery technology in 2023-2028: Deepen lithium, boost three dollars, layout solidity. 1) Focus on lfp battery research.
E: At the end of 2020, the company ' s lfp soft-packed core single energy density of 210wh/kg, 230wh/kg lfp core, applying the silicon-based negativepolar plus pre-lithiumization technology, moved to mass production at the end of 2022 and 260wh/kg core had prototype samples in the laboratory.)
A semi-solid state: in 2021, 302wh/kg high nickel triple batteries were produced in size, 360wh/kg semi-solid batteries were expected to be delivered in bulk this year, and 400wh/kg semi-solid cells had prototype samples in the laboratory. 3) New power thrust technology jtm: jtm production line can be large.
With an increase in the energy density of battery formations, using an lfp core of 210wh/kg in jtm, a group energy density of up to 180wh/kg, the jtm production line has been industrialized at 2022.
The annual self-supply rate of lithium carbonate is expected to reach 50 per cent, significantly increasing profitability elasticity.