Yunnan White (000538), pharmaceutical biology, good health, international market expansion, and significant efficiency gains in national entrepreneurship and upgrading, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: Gross operating income of $23.93 billion (+10.6 per cent) achieved in the first three quarters of 2020, gross operating income of $8.44 billion (+8.9 per cent) achieved in the first quarter of 2020, net profit of $1.8 billion (+39 per cent) and net profit of $1.34 billion (+11.2 per cent) deducted.
• The impact of changes in returns on equity investments has been significant, with significant control effects in the previous three quarters. q1-q3 operating income has fluctuated over profits and losses, mainly due to changes in the fair value of equity instruments and government subsidies.
The net gain from the change in value was $220 million, representing 12.4 per cent of net profits, a significant decrease of 2.1 per cent in the four rates for the previous three quarters, and a significant decrease of 2.1 per cent in the corresponding period. During the process of mix-up, companies focused on improved efficiency and improved cost control. Of this, the cost of sales was 11.5 per cent (-1.2 pp) and the management cost 1.8 per cent.
Large-scale health industries are growing rapidly. 1) Large-scale health: the epidemic has accelerated the new business layout, with the launch of the "N95" and "Medical Surgery" and "Medical One-time Mask" brand masks of the "N-95" series of Thai brands. Set up Hainan International Centre, using Henan Trade Zones around Sanya Health.
Industry cluster layout, which will contribute to further internationalization of companies; 2) Medicines: continuous exploration of large-pip scenario marketing models to increase brand influence and visibility; 3) Chinese Medicines: Launching of the “Clause Medium Pharmacy Project”, working with strategic partners in Chinese drug cultivation in the province to build long-term, stable, high-quality, traceable supplies of medicines
Base: 4) Business: accelerate the advancement of “Internet + Health” in depth, and develop autonomously the Wisdom Synergy Platform for Physics Flow Supply Chains. Initiate buy-back implementation of long-acting incentives. Companies have completed the first stock options to register for further stimulus.
To promote corporate viability, companies continue to implement equity buy-backs, and continue to use them in the implementation of employee holding schemes or equity incentives to attract good internal and external talent, create mutually beneficial win-win incentives and disincentives, and enhance corporate values. At the same time, to further improve the risk management system, directors, supervisors and senior management will be promoted