The seafood industry (603288), food and beverages, they've gone up, they're growing robustly.
Events: The company published its annual report, which achieved operating income of 14.45 billion yuan in 2017, equal to +17.06 per cent, and a net profit of 3.53 billion yuan, equal to +24.2 per cent, of which q4 generated operating income of 3.74 billion yuan, equal to +6.87 per cent, and a net profit of 990 million yuan for the mother, representing an increase of +23.5 per cent.
1 - benefit from heating and product price increases in the catering industry, 17 years of sea light performance in December, resulting in early stocking by distributors, with a high base of 16q4; 2) early suspension of payments at the end of 17 in an attempt to control shipments, which will be concentrated in 18q1 due to spring peaks.
Growth, while steadily increasing in volume, is accompanied by a marked upgrading of product structure. At the end of the spectrum, the market is now growing evenly by more than two digits. Companies continue to refine their cultivation under the existing network of improved channels that cover the entire country, deepen their mature markets, enhance their penetration of weak markets, and increase the density of marketing networks.
Weak markets, such as the West, have continued to accelerate their seizure, with a growth rate of over 20%. The share of high-end products in the division has been rising, with an overall Māori rate of 45.7%, a 1.7 percentage point increase over the previous year.
The Māori rate is re-innovated. 2. In terms of cost control, sales costs are equal to +25.4 per cent, mainly in terms of increased branding and market input by the public sector, with the aim of increasing brand influence, the company plays a good branding role by sponsoring popular philosophies, and advertising expenditures are equal to +37.1 per cent, while at the same time promoting and implementing price increases in the market.
On the other hand, companies have been active in marketing activities, with promotion costs equal to +48.6 per cent, overall sales costs higher than Piti to 0.9 per cent; management costs are still robust and are controlled at a relatively low level of 4.2 per cent. Through precision management, companies have achieved benign growth in all indicators, with net interest rates rising by 1.4 per cent to 24.2 per cent on the same basis.
• Industry poles are clear, and production can release the super-accumulative expansion, keeping in view the firm’s continued high growth. Companies, as absolute champions of the taste industry, whether brand image, product quality, channel construction or fine management, are industry poles, a strong combination of advantages creates barriers that are difficult for competitors to replicate, and will remain in the future.
With the release of capacity, companies will continue to maintain a sustained and steady development that expands their lead in soy sauce, sauce, and aphid oil. Eighteen years will be the year of the company’s second five-year plan, and the company will make every effort to reach its target of 16% of revenue and 20% of profits next year.
At the same time, the company uses the sea sky’s platform and superior resources to continuously expand and nurture new products such as wine, vinegar, and compound sauce, and to create a condensed condensate. The expansion of the new ones will lead to a sustained increase in performance, with a view to a third five-year creation of a “sea sky.”
1) Production energy release + market permeability, soy sauce, soy sauce and aphid oil can grow steadily; 2) new products of alcohol, vinegar, and composite sauce are steadily advancing and contributing to the increase. No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly for, and not for, any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.