Seafood Industries (603288.sh)
The company has a strong competitive advantage across the country, thanks to strong managerial capacity and strong pipelines, and is influenced by the weak cyclical characteristics of the industry, and its performance will increase robustly over the long term, with the cyclical sector growing at an average annual rate of about 10%.
At 30%, the city is about 17%, leading in the sauce industry. Downstream demand is divided into meals, personal consumers, and food processing, with 60% of meals, and catering companies are more cautious about changing their taste, and brands are sticky and good dragon head products.
Beneficiary catering industry development and product price increases at the end of 2016, corporate performance sustained in the first three quarters of 2017, influenced by the company's goal of “re-creation of a sea sky”, and sales rates increased faster, but relatively fast-discharged enterprises remained relatively low, and long-term sales costs are expected to stabilize at around 10 per cent.
On the product side, the company has become a connoisseur platform, rich in products and well-structured. The three monolithic oils, argons, and sauces account for 90%, are stable, and it is expected that the overall growth rate will be sustained in the future, and will be nurtured on the basis of the company’s pipeline’s advantages.
In terms of production capacity, the company currently has 2.5 million tons of acupuncture capacity, of which 1.5 million are collected by ipo institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a Ton soy sauce and soy sauce production are expected to reach production by mid-2018.
On the one hand, the pipeline, which is a leader in the taste industry, has significant advantages, with more than 3,000 distributors leading competitors in the field. Moreover, the county market generated 40% of sales revenue.
For the time being, companies will continue to encrypt pipeline layouts, restructure products, and squeeze the market space to increase per capita consumption in individual markets. On the competitiveness side, the beneficial pipeline expands, with companies operating throughout the country and with other firms in the industry.
Competition has a clear regional advantage, with the North, the South, the East, the Central and the West accounting for 28 per cent, 22 per cent, Seafood (hereinafter referred to as company or Sea Sky) being the world's largest producer and marketer in the spice industry, with a wealth of products, of which soy sauce, sauce sauce and oil consumption are the company's most important products at present, accounting for about 60 per cent,
The variety of spices, the cyclical nature of the industry, and the steady development of the industry show that annual sales of spices increased by about 10 per cent per year in 2012-2015, according to information published by the National Statistical Office. Of this, soy sauce is the single largest market, with an estimated capacity of about 10 million tons per year, or 30 per cent of the market as a whole, and seafood is the industrial leader, with a rate of about 17 per cent in the city.
On the demand side, catering, individual consumers, and food processing account for 60%, 25%, and 15%, respectively, and catering is the most important factor influencing demand in the industry. In 2017, China’s economy steadily led the recovery of the catering sector, with social retailing reaching 3.6 trillion in January-November 2017, an increase of 10.8% since 2015.
Slow, but still growing at an average annual rate of more than 10%, at a relatively rapid pace. On the other hand, the restaurant industry is more odour and quality-oriented than consumers and food-processing firms, and the restaurant industry is more cautious about changing the brand of spices, so that they have branded them.
Figure 1: Distribution of demand in the sector, except for the recovery in the catering sector in 2017, which was affected by higher prices of raw materials at the end of 2016, and the company ' s interest in the recovery in catering and the increase in prices of products in 2017
Soybean, white sugar, soybean futures prices.
There is less room for further improvements in the future, and it is expected to be sustained over the long term, while Māori rates may be affected if companies supplement product structures and capacity through mergers. By cost rates, corporate costs as a whole remained stable until 2015, and sales costs increased rapidly.
Cost rates have risen significantly, leading to an upturn in overall cost rates. Companies argue that the upswing in sales costs is related to the 2014 ipo target of “remaking a sea sky in four to five years” and that, as companies are now the first industry, it is more difficult to reach targets in a short time in the context of increasing industry competition.
The cost of logistics is about 50% of the cost of sales, subject to new regulations, and the cost of logistics is rising. Currently, companies have set a more stringent level of logistics costs through tripartite agreements with suppliers and distributors. On the other hand, the cost of sales is higher than that of fast-dischargers such as Eli (a sales rate exceeding 20%) and companies selling.
In terms of product structure, soy sauce is still the largest single product of the company, earning about 60% of its revenue, and its classics, mushrooms, old and gold-marked, are highly visible, with argon oil and soy sauce each accounting for about 15%.
It is more demanding in terms of detoxification and preservation, with now more than the size of the manufacturing companies than the size of the company, which are much more numerous than their competitors. According to company feedback, aphid oil is gradually opening up the inland market and selling well.
In addition to the three monoliths, the sea sky product line is wide-ranging, including vinegar, wine, powder, and so on, the product is well structured, and the company is gradually becoming a front-runner for the Taste Platform.
According to research, the company expects that the three monoliths will continue to develop steadily over the next three years.
Income growth has been maintained at around 15 per cent, and for other small-scale spices, production capacity will continue to be scaled up through mergers and acquisitions (e.g., the takeover of Jiang Sultan and vinegar in early 2017), taking advantage of corporate pipelines to promote the selection of growing varieties to become such champions.
At present, the company owns 500,000 tons of production capacity in the older production areas (of which about 400,000 tons of soy sauce and 100,000 tons of soy sauce) and the 2014 ipo production of soy sauce and soy sauce (the same process as the previous one).
The company’s Jiangsu plant, which produces 1.5 million tons of argon oil, produces 500,000 tons of annual capacity, and combines the company’s savory products, which, according to the company’s sources, are expected to reach production capacity in mid-2018, with one phase of conversion to basic capacity, which will be produced year after year according to market conditions.
As a leader in the spice industry, the company has significant advantages with regard to pipelines, with more than 3,000 distributors, 40-50 million sales terminals, about 500,000 direct control terminals, wide distribution networks, continuous encryption of pipeline layouts, rising per capita consumption.
On the other hand, the pipes sink, with the county markets selling 40% of the total revenue. By taking advantage of the pipes, companies are under relatively little pressure to promote new products and small-scale spices, and are able to adjust their product strategies in a timely manner in accordance with the pipeline feedback.
Currently, companies continue to encrypt pipe layouts, actively adjust product structures and squeeze competitive market space in order to increase per capita consumption in individual cities. Currently, there are large differences in per capita consumption in individual cities, and according to companies, better per capita consumption can reach $30-40, for example in Foshan, where the company is located, with some family kitchens already in place.
The realization of a full range of spices is a sea-day product, with poorer cities consuming less than $10 per capita, and one-line cities like Shanghai, with a per capita consumption of less than $10 per capita. Thus, in parts of the region with lower per capita consumption, corporate products remain competitive, with a strong pipeline advantage, and the sea-day has developed a national competitive capacity.
There is a relative balance between markets and resistance to a single income, while competitors tend to favour regional advantages. Regional markets are relatively more evenly balanced than competitors, with 28%, 22%, 22%, and 28% respectively in the north, east, south, centre and west.
As a result, we believe that companies have significant advantages in terms of products and pipelines, as a leader in the taste making industry, and that national markets are now unmatched as competitors, that management operates well, and that, depending on the industry’s characteristics, companies will perform well.
The period has been characterized by more stable growth. The company is expected to realize a net profit of 3,531 million in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively, whichever is expected (expected return; er), as follows: