Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Net gains in the seafood industry increased by 2,421 million yuan in 2017, or 17.06 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 3,531 million yuan in the same year
During the reporting period, the company continued to advance its strategy of large monolithic products, with three core products consistently growing, of which the oil generated revenue of $8.836 billion, an increase of 16.59 per cent, and the aphids of $2.266 billion.
The battles, undisturbed events, and the most powerful philosophies have raised brand visibility and influence, which have had some positive effects on the development of corporate products. Companies have continued to promote marketing networks, which have infiltrated most of the country’s counties, with coverage increasing by more than 10% over the last year, and continue to push.
The management systems, such as supply chain management, production line management, and the exact interface of management systems, and the management cost rate, have continued to fall, with a small decrease of 0.1 percentage points during the reporting period, a significant recovery in net interest rates of 1.39 percentage points to 24.21 per cent, a steady upturn in net interest rate levels over the years and a steady increase in operating efficiency. Companies have continued to increase.
In addition to the successful completion of Jiangsu’s plant, which has continued to expand to provide production security for the rapid development of future products, the company’s production and income of spices has been ranked first in the world for many years.
The company’s input output is expected to increase further as the foods recover and the take-out market expands.
The distribution is extensive, and the channels are well-developed, and the distribution of blind spots is well-developed. The spread and depth of the trade and circulation channels are extremely high, penetration rates are extremely high, and they continue to sink in vulnerable areas. Products such as corporate flag soy sauce and aphid oil have higher brands and higher consumer recognition among the domestic consumer population.
At the same time, it has developed consumer goods and enriched the product system, and it has been eliminated through popular and popular entertainment programmes. The Open Source Securities Company Ltd., a young, age-changing generation, has strengthened its brand image and enhanced brand penetration of its main products.
Consumption upgrades continue to increase the proportion of high-end products and expand product segmentation, and the share of high-end soy sauce sales continues to rise, leading to higher levels of Māori in the city’s Gate B 5th floor. The concentration of the domestic market is based on competition patterns in the foreign taste industry.
From this point of view, even in the stock market, the sea sky can continue to expand its market share through competitiveness, such as product upgrading and product expansion. Companies have opened up a diversified strategic layout, extended expansion, and a powerful channel capacity, which will further consolidate the company’s position as a condensed giant.
Prominent position of a good company in the industry, sound business, strong channel capacity, more high-end new future figure 1: Seafood business historype, Figure 2: Seafood industry historypb
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.