Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Long Electric Technology (600584.sh) buy-in (first rating)
Four key advantages: the sealing industry benefits from an eastward shift in the semiconductor industry chain: demand for domestic design and crystal round workers increases rapidly in the context of increased security in the supply chain, pulling demand for downstream containment.
In 2023, we expect long electricity to recover from the industry. On demand, 5g technology drives the consumption of mobile phones and semiconductors at base stations, while storing chips into the stock to reach the end of the process is expected to recover.
No. The demand for sealing is expected to be accompanied by an upturn in the semiconductor climate, a return in the Māori rate, a mastery in long-power technology, and a high-growth advantage: the fan-out and tip systems are the most advanced types of envelopes with the greatest potential. Long-power technologies are fully configured on advanced packagings and are actively engaged in research and development.
The canfan-out process, which enables long electricity to absorb rapidly growing demand for fan-out orders from customers, and the acquisition of the sip technology at the S.A.K. Plant, which provides long power to Korea’s main camp, is a powerful competitor in this field and is expected to benefit from the future trend of rising sip penetration.
The advantages of enhanced synergy between sealing, crystal circle generation workers: In the context of a slowdown in Moore's laws, the convergence of seals and surrogates will be a trend. The threshold for advanced seals will be raised, so that they can be tied to the depth of the crystal mill and receive the corresponding technical support.
Intruder; both sides will have more technological synergies than others. Van Bintai, China-US trade friction: industry output expands too fast: Starring Kimbon integrates less than expected: power generation/Int.
The sealing industry benefits from the eastward transfer of the semiconductor industrial chain.
China has been the largest consumer of integrated circuits since 2005, with China ' s semiconductor market reaching $238 billion in 2018, and China ' s semiconductor market accounting for 51% of the global market. But China ' s semiconductor market is import-dependent, with the crystal round industrial industry in 2018.
Self-sufficiency is only 21% for the logical containment industry, 41% for the storage containment industry, 9% for the storage industry, 32% for the non-crystal design industry, 1% for the storage chip industry, and 14% for the semi-carrier equipment industry. As the security of the supply chain increases, domestic production is intense.
In recent years, Chinese semiconductor design firms have grown rapidly, with the exception of Heith semiconductor, which has grown to technologically high levels and the size of the harvest to become the world’s first-class semiconductor.
The number of start-up semiconductor design companies has increased rapidly over the past two years, with 1698 Chinese semiconductor design companies in 2018, an increase of 149% over 2014. China’s semiconductor design companies have grown rapidly.
In 2017, the pure crystal round factory increased its sales rate in China by 30 per cent, to $7.6 billion, three times the rate of the global pure crystal round labour market in that year; in 2018, the pure crystal round factory increased its sales rate in China by 41 per cent, eight times the rate of the global pure crystal round labour market in that year.
According to Semi’s mid-2018 seats, 26 of them are in mainland China, accounting for 42% of the global total. China’s crystal production capacity is expanding from 2.3 million per month in 2015 to 4 million per month in 2020 and 2015-2020.
Heath's lockdown market space is expected to exceed $20 billion, long-term electrical technology is expected to capture more than $8 billion, and Heath's lockout market space is over $8 billion. We believe that Heath's accelerated autonomy replacement is an important reason for the accelerated eastward movement of the iC chain, especially the iC sealing industry. Heath's sales revenue in 2018 was $7.6 billion, a year-on-year increase.
34.2%, the fifth largest chip design company in the world. In the first half of 2019, Heath's sales revenue was expected to increase by $18.8 billion on a year-on-year basis. The purchase cost is expected to be about $16 billion, of which the cost of containment is about RMB million.
Sunshine will be the beneficiary of the fast-growing Heath orders. On top of the chip product, the power supply provides an integrated info (info) and other advanced encapsulation technologies with a leading role, and continental firms are not yet able to absorb them.
We believe that long-range electricity technology, with a comprehensive technological reserve and the capacity-building of active matching customers, is expected to be the main beneficiary of Heith's sealing orders and to receive a large percentage of the incremental share. We believe that by 2023, the company's share of Heith's seals is expected to reach 25-30 per cent, representing the ratio of revenues from long electricity technology.
2. The semiconductor sector is expected to recover, raising the edge of containment demand, and the semiconductor industry as a whole is now at the bottom of the weather cycle, with a recovery expected in 2020. This cycle of storage chip prices, after 16 to 17 years of sharp increases, has led to lower-road sales of mobile phones.
The demand for storage chips has been exacerbated by the fact that stocks in industries that were accumulated as a result of rapid price hikes have entered the stock-taking phase; Decline: demand for mines fell in 2018 due to a sharp fall in digital currency prices represented by bitcoin. 5g is expected to lead the switch in 2020.
Vendors are accelerating the roll-out of 5g-based terminals, and 5g technologies are expected to start commercial on a global scale in 2020. Every generation of upgrading of communication technologies will lead to faster network speeds and better use experiences, and more mobile phone applications are expected to be born with the support of a new generation of communications technologies, so that in the past 2g to 3g, 3g go to
The year is the fifth-year-old year of the country, but due to poor network coverage, fewer terminals, and high terminal prices, 5-g mobile phones are expected to have fewer deliveries. As the network is gradually perfected, the number of terminals is increasing, and prices are falling, we expect a 5-g switch in the mobile phone market in 2020 and 2021.
More importantly, the consumption of semiconductors in 5g mobile phones will be higher than that of 4g mobile phones. As a result of the increased signal spectrum, the value of radio front end, antenna and power amplifiers in 5g mobile phones will increase significantly.
On the other hand, storage chip prices are stable, and bitcoin prices are rebounding in demand. Nand chip prices have fallen steadily since July 2019, showing a small increase in storage chip to stock.
The price of bitcoin rebounded from about $4,000 at the end of 2018 to over $9,000 in October/November 2019, and the rebound in digital money prices triggered a recovery in demand for asic machines.
At the same time, the 5g base station-related, ai-to-material demand is warming, and storage of chips and asic mine demand rebounds, with semiconductor industry demand expected to recover. In terms of advanced and other synchronized indicators, first semiconductor equipment rates show signs of reheating.
In July-August, North American semiconductor exports amounted to $4.03 billion, a decline of 12.6 per cent, compared to 23 per cent in January-June, and a significant decrease in the decline. Global semiconductor equipment listed in the third quarter showed a rise in earnings relative to the drop, with a 12 per cent increase in the kla ring, a 15 per cent increase in the asml ring, and a 15 per cent increase in the teradyne ring.
A 39% increase, and a 10% increase in the dosco ring. Three quarters asml, kla, teradyne, disco Mäori rises, with asml predicting a significant increase in the last quarter from 43.7% in the third quarter to seasonal recovery of crystal round workers.
This growth is 13%. On the one hand, because the second half of the year was the traditional boom in the electronic semiconductor industry, and on the other hand, the entire crystal round industry showed signs of a return of warming. The performance of tile-o3 increased by 22%, and the market expected a continued strong growth in tile-q4 crop, with a 7-8% increase in the ring-rate.
Since the second half of 2019, there has been a month-on-month increase in the utilization rate of domestic production. By August, a number of large-scale plants in the country were using more than 90% of their production capacity.
Some signs of recovery in the industry, particularly in the Chinese region, are clear because of the replacement of national production. The bb bb was 0.97 in the third quarter of 2019, and is still below 1, but it has rebounded from 0.7 in the quarter.
And corporate orders from China are expected to maintain a strong trend even in the four quarters of the traditional light season, showing a high level of concentration in the Chinese region. With the recovery in the semiconductor sector, we expect companies to have both income and Maori rates by 2020.
The aggregate indicators, the semiconductor sector, are likely to recover in 2020. The demand for sealing the industry will rise in the semiconductor climate cycle, the productivity of the industry will return to Māori, and the industry will be one of the main beneficiaries of the semiconductor industry recovery, with Davis double-clicking and long-electric technology.
Advanced containment technology and high-growth advantages Long-power technology has a comprehensive technical and productive layout in advanced envelopes (e.g. Fan-outewlb, wlcsp, cip, bump, pop). It is expected to benefit from the next 5 g, the Internet, artificial intelligence, etc.
In response to the high growth potential of the future advanced envelopes, particularly in the field of radio frequency, companies have pre-positioned their production capacity, and the current production capacity associated with radio frequency includes the “Telecommunication and Material Networking Project for Industrializing Road Encapsulation Technologies in the Integrated Circuits” and the “Integration of high-density circuits and modelling of 2 billion annual communications”.
Block encapsulation project.” Long-power technology has both the technology and the energy layout of the two currently recognized greatest growth potentials of the fun-out and cip systems, and will benefit from the rapid growth of advanced encapsulations in the future.
The company’s active deployment of high-density fan-out is expected to make a major breakthrough. The company’s Fan-out production capacity is mostly advanced at the Singapore plant and the Long Power Company, which is in a state of loss due to low capacity utilization.
At present, in an effort to accelerate the replacement of home-grown chips, we believe that Heath is expected to become a fan-out technology requirement, and that the company’s sip business is expected to benefit from the restructuring of its client’s product. The company has an excellent sip process, and has set up long-power Korea for its large clients to perform high-level sip product encapsulation tests.
In the first half of 2019, South Korea was in a state of loss due to a decline in sales and restructuring of its customers’ products, and we believe that companies have a deep accumulation of technology in the field of tip, and experience in matching customer expansion, and that they are strong competitors in the market share of the tip product. Companies are expected to carry new products from their customers that are packaged with tip.
In the context of a slowdown in Moore's law, the sealing has increased. On the integrated circuits, the sealing is in place.
At the end of the industrial chain. In the traditional surrogate model, the design, crystal-rounding, sealing of the various links are separated, as, for the sake of a clear division of labour, the effects of the various links have increased in size, thereby increasing the overall efficiency of the industry. But as Moore's laws slow down, the process has become more difficult and the cost has increased several times.
2.5d/3d, silicon piercing, system-level encapsulation, etc. represent the best option, thus raising the status of the sealing industry. Crystal circle generation and improved synergization are the inevitable trends.
Info (i.e., integrated fan expression, integratedfan-out) and coyos (chip onwaferonsubstrate) cover technology. By first applying info on the apple's a10 chip, it reduces the thickness of the chip by 30% and opens the gap with the three stars, thus creating a crystal-dry factory.
The first position. The top-end product began to use cowos seals in 2016, which can increase the efficiency of such products by three to six times. Currently, the power cowos wrapping technology is used by more than 50 customers, making it an important difference in the distance between a build and a three star and an intel.
Soic (system-on-incorporated-chips) and a brand-new wow (multi-crystal stack, wafer-on-wafer). Soic is capable of crystallizing the process below 10 nanometers. The technique has no sudden keying structure, so it has better performance.
Wow stacks two layers of die vertically by mirror, and is expected to produce a gpu card, creating a larger gpu transistor. wow technology connects two pieces of die up and down by 10 m silicon perforation, so that more die can be stacked in a vertical direction, which also means that there is a significant delay in communication between die.
In addition to investing in advanced encapsulation and development, in 2018, the plant started investing about 70 billion yuan yuan in containment plants, which are expected to be completed by 2020. The plant is participating in the containment area as a crystal-crystal plant in depth.
In our view, advanced sealing will in the future be an important point of difference for high-end clients competing for crystal circle workers, and the trend will be for sealing and synergizing surrogates. The threshold for advanced sealing will be constantly raised, so that the plant will be tied to the crystal circle deep enough to receive the corresponding technical support.
As a major shareholder of long-power technology after industry funds, long-power and middle-core international will form a closer partnership that will allow more central core customers to import and increase production efficiency, while advanced envelopes will be used for front-end technology, and both sides will develop a stronger technological synergy that will make long-power technology comparable to their own.
It's more synergizing.
The ic seal is a back-stage process in semiconductor, which is an essential part of the semiconductor industrial chain and is divided into wrapping and testing. Encapsulation is the process of obtaining independent chips through the test crystal process to protect circuit chips from the surrounding environment (including physical, chemical effects) and to protect chips and enhance them.
Thermal conductivity, electrical and physical connection, power distribution, signal distribution to communicate the role of the internal and external circuits of the chip, which is a bridge between integrated circuits and system-level panels such as pcb to perform electronics functions. The test is to detect negative chips and ensure their delivery. It can be divided into two stages.
One is the crystal circle test before entering the encapsulation, which is primarily about electricality: the other is the ic product test, which is mainly about whether the function, electricality, and radiation are normal. Integrated circuits consist mainly of three major plates designed, constructed, and sealed. In 2017, China integrated electricity.
The three sectors of the road account for 38.3 per cent, 26.8 per cent and 34.9 per cent respectively, compared with the world ' s three sectors of industry.
According to long electricity disclosure, 68% of the company’s cost composition is material, with labour and depreciation costs accounting for 12% and 11%, respectively, a typical human-intensive industry. The selection of representative companies in the country’s design, surrogate, and seal industry is an innovation, middle-core international, and long-power technology.
Compared to Māori rates, Māori rates in the seal industry are lower than those in the design and crystal circle.
The market share of the osat is greater than the idm, which is the main production model. The idm (integratedevice manufacture, integrated manufacturing services) and the osat (outsourceassembly&test, external wrapping tests) are the two main models of the current semiconductor containment industry.
The semiconductor industry started with the Idm production model. Success in power generation enabled the surrogate model to significantly lower the design threshold for ic, and the growth of light-asset design firms pushed it.
The fast-growing osat business, and the osat+foundry model, have become the dominant model for semiconductor industry development. And, as the osat Mäori rate is much lower than the idm Mäori rate, idm has the incentive to outsource to osat the sealing of products with a lower Mäori rate, resulting in an increase in the market share of osat and a decline in the market share of idm.
The concentration of market shares in the sealing industry is high, the Matthews effect is evident, and M & A increases the concentration in the industry. In 2018, the world’s top 10 largest Osat firms accounted for more than 80% and the industry was highly concentrated.
Taiwan also played a leading role in the Osat market. Of the 10 largest Osat manufacturers, 8 were in mainland China/Taiwan, 1 in the United States, and 1 in Singapore until 2018. And as the semiconductor industry entered maturity, competition in the market became more intense, and the Matthew effect became more pronounced, leading to frequent M&As in China in recent years.
Continental seal companies, through M&As and their own research and development, quickly close the gap with overseas firms. Long electricity, for example, through M&As, has advanced containment technologies such as sip, Tsv, and fan-out.
The industrial capability of cutting-edge seals has been largely developed, except for some advanced, high-density integrations, where there is still a gap between advanced firms and international firms. Meanwhile, China’s sealing companies have rapidly acquired offshore customer resources through M&As and have achieved cross-border development.
3. Trends in industry: advanced containment is the main future industry increase The development of semiconductor containment technologies can be divided into four phases: phase I (1970) with direct plug-in, with dip in the main; phase II (1970-1990), with sop, soj,
plcc, qfp four major containment technologies and pga technologies; phase III (1990-2000): advanced containment technologies such as grid arrays (bga), chip size envelopes (csp), reverse chip (fc) have emerged: phase IV (2000-to date), from two-dimensional envelopes to three-dimensional envelopes, and from technology to methods of technology realization
Advanced containment techniques such as crystallized circular envelopes (wlp), silicon vents (tsv), 3d stacking, and new forms of encapsulation such as system seals (sip). Advanced semiconductor seals can increase the value of semiconductor products by increasing their functionality and performance
By 2023, the semiconductor wrapping market will grow by 5.2% per year. Of this, the first to enter the encapsulation market, cagr, will be 7%, while the traditional encapsulation market, cagr, is only 3.3%, is at different levels of sophistication.
Of the containment techniques, 3d silicon piercing (tsv) and fan crystal circle encapsulation (fan-out) will grow at 29% and 15%, respectively. The crystal covering (flip-chip) that makes up most of the advanced encapsulation markets will grow at nearly 7% cagr: and the fan-inwl seal (fan-inwlp) will also grow at 7%, mainly as well.
The current state-of-the-art envelope market structure is similar to that of the Osat market as a whole, with the Taiwan area occupying a major market share of 52%, and mainland China being the second largest market today, accounting for 21%. The current state-of-the-art envelope evolution is mainly in the direction of smaller sizes, mainly achieved by fc, fc, and fc.
Fan-out, fan-inwlp, and bumping, and the direction of hemonic bindings are achieved mainly by sip, 3d envelopes, and tsv, both of which enable the integration of more functions in smaller sizes, while achieving higher containment efficiency.
Fan-out is now widely used on apple chips, first proposed by British Flyer in 2004. Fan-out is one of the kinds of crystal-crystal-sized wrapping solutions (wlcsp).
Molyplastic re-assembly discs, which pulls 1/0 from the surface of the chip to the surface of the chip and plastic to meet the bga welding space requirement. Therefore, contrasts wlp fan in envelopes, swipes out envelopes with no limit on the number of chips i/o, the size of the envelopes, and allows for a multi-chip system encapsulation.
The base plate and contour have been removed, no rewinding process has been required, with the advantages of a thiner encapsulation size, excellent electrical performance, and easy integration into multiple chip systems. The market is currently divided into two main types: first, the core market: single chip applications, including the backbone belt, power management and radio frequency senders, and the market is a Fan-out solution.
The programme's main areas of application will continue to grow steadily; secondly, the “high-density” market, including applications such as processors and storage units, which has greater uncertainty and requires high-performance fan-oriented solutions, but which has great potential.
And the sip system-level envelopes are intended to be encapsulated from the position of encapsulation, in which different chips are packaged in a way that combines multiple active electronic elements with different functions with optional non-source devices, and other devices such as mems or optical devices, and individual standard encapsulation models that achieve a certain function.
. In a complex system, the sip covers have significant advantages: (1) they are much more efficient, and the sip wraps technology adds multiple chips to the same envelopes, significantly reducing the encapsulation volume. (2) Sip covers achieves a system with different processes, materials-based chips envelopes that are embedded in the integrated non-source elements.
(3)Sip wrapping technology can combine multiple envelopes into one, significantly reduce the overall welding point, and can significantly reduce the size and weight of the wrapping and reduce the connection route of the component, thus increasing the electrical performance. (4)Sip sealing with one envelope achieves the full interconnectivity and function of a system 's target product.
Capabilities and performance parameters can be combined with direct internal connections with inverted welding and other ic chips. (5) Sip covers provide low-power and low-noise system-level connections, working at a higher frequency, with almost the same width as soc.
In summary, sip wrapping is naturally suitable for a short product cycle, fast product renewal, high product complexity, and can be used extensively in areas such as wearable equipment, bluetooth headphones, radio frequency, etc. (1) The size of the market at the front end of the sip radio frequency grew rapidly in the 5g era.
As a result of the addition of new N412.6 ghz, N773.5 ghz and N794.8 ghz bands in 5g, and taking into account that 5g mobile phones will continue to meet 4g, 3g, 2g standards, 5g mobile phones have increased to 70 more complex radio front end than 4g, frequency bands from 15 to 30 and receiver transmitter filters from 30
To 75, the number of radio frequency switches has increased from 10 to 30. The overall market size of the front end of the cell phone radio frequency will increase from $12.3 billion in 2017 to $22.8 billion in 2022, with a 13% annual compound growth rate. We believe that the sip containment technology will be used more widely to reduce the size of the radio frequency module.
In the sip structure of the radio front end module, there are 10-15 nudity pieces (opens, filters, power amplifiers) and several types of interconnectivity techniques (guiding keys, reloading chips, copper columns) in individual envelopes. The number of radio frequency devices in the 5g handheld will increase significantly, in contrast to the general trend of thinning smartphones, so it is adopted.
In July 2018, Hightower announced the launch of a global headline for smartphones and other mobile terminals.
The radio frequency module series below 6ghz — the qtm052 mm wave antenna module series and the qpm56x6ghz under-radio frequency module series, which can be used in conjunction with the high-tone dragon x 505g modem to provide multiple functions from modem to antenna and multi-frequency to support compact envelope sizes suitable for movement
Terminal integration. The qtm052 module combines radio transceivers, power managementic, radio-frequency front end components and phase-controlled antenna arrays in a compact envelope size that supports the installation of up to four otm052 modules in a smart phone.
According to yole, the market size of the front end of the RF is projected to be $2.5 billion in 2017, and the market size of the front end of the RF is expected to increase to $4.9 billion by 2023, with a complex increase of 12%. By 2023, the front end of the RF cell phone and other wireless connections will reach the market size of the RF, respectively.
82% and 18%. (2) Sip covers a huge application potential on a tws-represented appliance. 180 million items were delivered globally in 2018, an increase of 27% compared to 2017.
By 2022, there will be 480 million global shipments. In the first quarter of 2019, 49.6 million global shipments of wearing equipment increased by 55.2 per cent over the same period. While wristbands account for the largest market share (63.2 per cent), earbands grew fastest (134.1 per cent), accounting for 34.6 per cent of all serviceable equipment deliveries.
The tws headphones, which are characterized by small space, zero components, and complex structures, are natural applications for sip sealing. The tws headphones, in contrast to ordinary bluetooth headphones, have significant advantages in terms of portability, high resolution, volume, intelligence, waterproofing, etc., but have also significantly increased the number and complexity of components.
Airpods, for example, have 28 main components and hundreds of components for an airpods headphone and a charger. In addition to components such as acoustic devices, decoding chips, airpods combine several different sensors, including voice acceleration sensors, motion acceleration sensors, optical sensors and mems wheat.
Kerfun. In the future, tws are expected to integrate more functions, including noise reduction, physical health monitoring, etc., and the number of elements in the module will continue to increase, while the addition of more brands will result in shorter product development cycles, advanced envelopes, and technology is expected to be the key solution.
(3) uwb commercialization is expected to open up a new growth space for sip, and the new iphone series, released in September 2019, has been equipped with hyperbanded (uwb) chips, which is an important sign of commercial diffusion of the uwb technology.
Wireless transmission is achieved by sending and receiving very narrow pulses with nanoseconds or less. The pulse is very short in time, so hyperbanding can be achieved in the spectrum. It is highly resistant to multiple path interference, high positioning accuracy, high time accuracy, high electromagnetic compatibility, and high energy efficiency compared to wifi and bluetooth technology.
We believe that with iphones taking the lead in using the uwb chip, we have the potential to use it in a number of high-risk fields, such as smart homes, storage logistics, coal mines and tunnels, and industrial manufacturing, we have the potential to use it in a variety of ways.
Andre's firm is expected to follow up quickly. The three star companies, Ngipu and Bo, have formed a fira alliance to develop the uwb ecosystem, which is expected to become a bluetooth, gps, and similar to the wifi module, which includes positioning chips, firing chips, receiving chips, and foundations.
With the processing chip, the structure is complex, so the sip envelope is the ideal cover form for the uwb chip. The commercialization of the uwb technique is expected to open up a new growth space for the sip.
1. The company's historical history and equity structure is the leading company in the area of integrated circuit containment, which provides the source from chip detection to finished products.
The company provides a comprehensive product line at the lower end of high school, a global layout of several production bases in mainland China, Singapore, and South Korea. The company, formerly the Jiangxin transistor plant, was set up in 1972, and in 1994 the company began to provide a cover test.
Business. The company has developed its first domestic crystal-crystal envelope production line through the size advantage of the separate device encapsulation and testing operation. In 2014, a central core international joint venture was established, and in 2015, the fourth largest global firm star department was acquired with the support of the China-Chole International and Industrial Fund.
Kim Pong, after the acquisition was completed, the company became the number one, the third sealing company in the world. In 2017, work was completed on the relocation of the Shanghai factory to Jiangyang, marking the end of the first phase of the company’s integration of the company. In 2019, Mr. Choko, Chairman of Mid-King International, became the new president of the company and former Senior Vice-President of Ngipu.
In 2019, the company’s original holdings were gradually reduced, and the company’s major shareholders changed to the Integrated Circuit Industry Fund (19% of the shares) and the Cube Semiconductor.
(Shareholding 14.28%) The ultimate controlling shareholder of the semiconductor is Mid-Cryspin International. Since industry funds are not involved in day-to-day management, China-Cryspin International, as an indirect major shareholder, has an important voice in long-range power technology management. 2. Multi-base layout, low-end high school co-development.
Long-power technology is divided into long power stations and major subsidiaries such as Hmong Kimbang, Long-power advanced, and Long-power Korea. It covers all low- and medium-end high-end product lines.
Low ic and high power devices are the competitive edge of the mills and the housing plant. The main products of Jiangmund3 are high-guiding footbga, qfn products and cip modules, with the country's first-largest and second-largest pa production line, and the fuse box contains the largest volume of goods in the world. Although bga and qfn are traditional envelopes, they have the highest volume.
Singapore has the world’s leading Fan-outewlb and high-end wlcsp. Korea’s plants are advanced.
Sip, high-end fcbga, fcpop, is the first group to measure the highest global aggregate and highest-precision sip module, with the world’s most advanced fcpop stacking technology for high-end smartphones. JSck is designed to work with the sip wrap plant set up by HSK to expand its domestic and foreign customers.
(b) The most advanced fcpop technology in the world is being imported.
One of the world’s largest fan-in wlcsp bases, and the largest bumping center containment base in China, is Wlcbump, the main power product of the long-electric advance. Through production bases in Singapore, Korea, and mainland China, the company achieved the full range of low-end high-school products.
Overcrowding, coupled with domestic and foreign production, removes the concerns of some clients about an over-centralized distribution of production capacity and a single area. Grown production lines gain cost advantages through scale effects, high-end production lines expand, and clients quickly raise their income, thus achieving low-end co-development at the upper end of high school.
3. Management adjustments have been completed to accelerate the consolidation of resources, and major management adjustments have been completed to expedite improvements in business management efficiency. In May 2019, the company elected Zhouko as its new chairman.
Director of Finance, with more than 30 years of experience in the field of industry and informatization, has a strong resource coordination capacity. In September 2019, the company was hired as the new ceo.
In the United States, Japan, Europe, and China, the integrated circuit industry has more than 26 years of work experience. At the same time, the company has appointed Kai as its director, as its current Director, Vice-President, and as an associate of the Industrial Fund, San An Light Power, Shanghai Silicon.
In addition to this, a number of new managements of long-range technology have been appointed to key positions in China-King International.
We believe that, with the completion of the change in key roles of the new management, which will help the company move forward with resource integration, the new management team, with its many years of experience in the semiconductor area, a full-chain vision and a very strong integration capability, will take full advantage of the synergies in the industry chain and help the company bring in more customers.
With a high degree of managerial efficiency, the new management background will be to improve the management efficiency of the original team by providing a long-term power output, and to improve the management efficiency of the international community. The S.H.S. Kimbon Corporation is located in Singapore, South Korea, and China, and its integration requires a global approach.
Visualize, the new ceo will be able to take full advantage of its many years of management experience at the international semiconductor company, and the loss of quick starship goldpen.
The purchase of S.C.G.P.'s loads and the company's light-loading. After the acquisition of S.C.T.T., the debt was renewed, with a three-high-interest preferred bill, and the minimum purchase amount was paid to the end of the day.
Under the agreement, it was agreed that, during the duration of the agreement, Starcomb would be obliged to procure at least the minimum amount of purchase, and that, if the actual amount of purchase fell below the minimum amount promised, he would have to compensate the difference.
The effect of this is that the actual amount of money that was purchased from Taiwan is not at the minimum level. In 2017 and 2018, the amount of $323 million was actually paid to Taiwan. The final contract year of the agreement was 2020, and the minimum amount of purchase was significantly reduced compared to previous years, and the purchase compensation was paid to the company.
The impact of performance will be fully resolved after 2020. (b) The financial burden of priority and durable debt will be resolved.
The interest rate is 8.5%, and in August 2018, $200 million in long-term debt was redeemed (the interest rate started in August 2018 was an additional capital expense, showing a strong demand for priority clients. In August 2019, the company announced that it would need to invest an additional RMB 670 million in fixed assets to continue the expansion of its capacity.
Products are mainly used for power management, radio frequency, wireless, base stations, networks, multimedia, etc. Against a backdrop of high financial costs in 2019, the continued increase in capital expenditure in 2019 on the basis of an early budget of $1.69 billion for the expansion of the capacity of priority clients shows the high level of downstream demand from priority clients.
Increased fixed-asset investment quickly translates into a growth in revenue, with company revenues expected in 2020. The company’s expansion at this time also shows a short period of profitability for the new plant, thus quickly contributing to the company’s profits.
The sale of assets significantly reduces the company ' s depreciation and financial costs. In April 2019, the company announced the sale of some of its equipment, which was expected to have an original value of $120 million, a net value of $84 million, a sale price of $120 million and an operating lease return, for a lease period of no more than three years, with no financial lease amount.
More than $50 million. The proceeds from the sale can be used to repay high-interest bonds. Based on the remaining depreciation of the equipment for eight years, the cost of corporate financing is 8%, which reduces the total annual depreciation and financial costs by about $3.5 million.
The main cause of the loss is the low utilization of the former Singapore factory capacity in Singapore, where the company mentioned in its semi-annual report that redundant resources would be reduced, and we believe that with the new management in place, the company is expected to accelerate its disposal of redundant capacity and reduce its costs.
1. An expansion of the production capacity of the letter-type projects for the company ' s profit projection was announced in August and October, respectively, in response to customer demand.
At the end of the second quarter of 2019, the company was under construction at $4.3 billion.
The additional $810 million in fixed-asset investments, based on the company's fixed-asset turnover rate of about 1.5 per cent, were mainly located in three production bases (the Hongkong Pang Pang factory, the Long Power Advanced and the d3 Life Base). In 2019, they benefited from the transfer of Heith seal orders to the country, where long electricity was the main source of the transfer of orders.
For the beneficiaries, we predict that the 2023 long-range electrical technology is expected to be more than $8 billion from the Heath order. It is anticipated that the import of the Heath order will result in an increase in income for the three factories in Jiangsu in the second half of 2019 and in 2020.
The price-fixing strategy of clients in the second half of 2019 helped to warm up sales. And, with the trend of 5g-era antenna integration, tws-based tws-phones, the high end of the equipment is in high demand for sip envelopes, we expect the penetration rate of sip envelopes over the next two years.
It's going to increase rapidly. To benefit from these two factors, we expect Korea to return in late 2019 for sale of the self-distribution plant, with a sharp drop in revenue in 2019, which is expected to shrink in 2020. But the product of the mills and the housing plant is relatively low, and demand is rising.
Based on the overall macroeconomic recovery, we believe that the revenue from the mills and the housing plant will continue to grow at a rate of -8%, -3%, and 5%, respectively, over the next two years. The productivity rate has recovered, and the Māori rate is at a turning point.
The company also reported that it was affected by a decline in capacity utilization due to a change in the client ' s order, which began in the second quarter of 2016, with the transfer of orders from the client to the home country, the rapid increase in capacity utilization at the Jiangyang Production Base, and the increase in the Māori rate at the Jiang Myozo Production Base as a result of capacity utilization in 2020.
The continued integration of the low-performance capacity of the Starfleet and the need for sip sealing will stop the fallback in the capacity of the Starfleet and the housing plant. As analysed earlier, because of the relatively low end of the product, we expect that demand will remain relatively stable and that the increase in capacity utilization will be slower than that of the advanced envelope production base, leading to an increase in capacity utilization.
The recovery in the Maori rate is weaker than in other production bases. As we have analysed earlier, we believe that ending the minimum purchase commitment to Taiwan will be expected to be reduced by at least $60 million a year.
In addition, by selling inefficient assets and operating rentbacks, the company can reduce liquidity pressure, depreciation and financial costs. In a combination of the above analysis, we believe that the company has adopted a variety of approaches.
On October 30, 2019, the company announced its intention to price the 14 know-how and the 586 patents it contains.
The Industrial Fund, the Sio Hing's Trans-City Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership), and the Zhejiang Provincial Industrial Fund co-invested in the establishment of a joint venture in Shaxim to set up an advanced integrated circuit containment production base. The joint venture is registered with the RMB5 billion capital.
Bumping and Crystal Circle wrapping techniques and the 586 patented titles they contain are financed at a price of RMB 950 million, or 19% of the registered capital. We consider this to be a live year performance. According to the 2018 annual report, long-term electric technology combined with the end-of-the-end account of patent technology on the balance sheet.
With a balance of $320 million, the value of the patent technology at Starcomb should be less than $320 million, and the assets disposal gains from this joint venture are expected to make the company a smooth loss in 2019. Second, this is an important step in the advanced public layout.
One of the important drivers of this joint venture is that the company is expected to benefit from the rapid growth in the demand for advanced envelopes, while controlling the pace of investment and reducing the negative impact on profitability from the start of the construction of the new plant.
Long-power technology has a lower operating profit and net asset yields than domestic counterparts and overseas seal companies. We expect that when large client orders are full, overall demand in the industry rises, and the disposal of ineffective production reduces depreciation, the productivity rate of companies starting in the second half of 2019 will increase significantly, resulting in a company’s Māori ratio.
We think that corporate profitability is lower than that of business because:
In contrast to the regions overseas, such as China, Singapore, and Korea. Micro-rich electricity is distributed mainly in Nantong, Fertilizer, Chongcheon, and Xiamen, and in China, where technology is distributed mainly in Tianhua, Xian, and Kunshan, where the average pay is higher than that of companies. In 2018, for example, long electricity per capita.
The pay is 164,000 yuan, well over 96,000 yuan and 73,000 yuan, and the pay-to-collect ratio is 16.2 per cent, significantly higher than the 15.5 per cent and 13.6 per cent of the technology. We believe that, as the new management of the power supply takes office, the company will either use a leaner staff, a leaner staff, or a smaller staff.
There is room for a decline in the share of depreciation amortized sales. Some of the customers' orders after the company's purchase of Starcomb were transferred.
In the first half of 2019, the depreciation share of companies was higher than that of their counterparts. In the first half of 2019, the depreciation share of long power technology reached 16.0 per cent, equivalent to the amount of micro-power available (the Uesu plant and the Tosho superweasu plant with micro-electric power).
The rapid depreciation of the city plant equipment for 2 to 5 years, far faster than 5 to 12 years of long electricity, has resulted in higher depreciation in recent years, well above the 11.6 per cent of China’s average, and as the stellar gold pontom is consolidated and some customers’ demand has recovered, we believe that the depreciation amortization ratio of the company will decrease, thus increasing the profitability of its operations.
There is room for a decline in corporate finance costs. Long-term electricity finance accounted for 4.74% of revenue in the first half of 2019, which is significantly higher than 2.61% of access to micro-electric power and 1.73% of Huatian technology. As companies continue their debt, we compare long-power technology with the valuation of long-range technology with frontline companies in continental and extra-continental areas.
We found that the net asset collection rate of the mainland region is much lower than that of overseas companies, and the p/b valuation is much higher than that of overseas companies. We believe that this difference in valuation is due to the development phase of the mainland region and overseas companies.
In 2015-2018, for example, the continental zone was able to capture the capacity of firms to expand significantly, with incomes growing at a much higher rate than overseas firms, but at the same time, the continental region was less profitable than overseas companies and had a lower rate of net asset return.
At present, the value of continental seal companies, such as long-electric technology, is between 2 and 2.5, slightly higher than that of overseas firms. We look at the potential of continental seal companies to upgrade Roe, and consider it reasonable to value relatively high.
From the point of view of the pe valuation, the share price was 36 times as high as 2021 and 29 and 21 times as high as overseas companies on November 6. Although continental seal companies valued much more than overseas companies, considering the profit rate, long-tech technology increased the ps compound 2019-2021.
Speed is 219%, access to micro-electricity is 193%, and access to Chinese technology is 44%, which is much higher than the 16% and 50%. From Peg’s point of view, long-electric technology was 0.17% in 2021, there was a wealth of co-operatives considering the 2019-2021 acceleration, and continental sealers valued it less than other mature firms.
At the end of the journey, the company performed with great flexibility. We saw the opportunities offered by the semiconductor industry chain to move to China, by adding the warming of the semiconductor demand, and by the company ' s advanced envelopes, and by strengthening its synergies with China-Chole International, we hope to achieve Alpha opportunities that outpace the growth of the industry.
Because of the heavy asset properties of the sealing industry, we believe that the p/b method is more reasonable. The downward cycle of the current semiconductor climate cycle began in early 2018 and showed signs of some industrial recovery in the second half of 2019.
We expect a recovery in the semiconductor sector, with a combination of factors, such as storage cycles. But if trade friction continues to increase, trade barriers deepen, economic uncertainty increases, and business investment slows down, especially in information technology-related enterprises such as telecommunications, cloud computing, etc.
Demand for storage, radio frequency devices, etc. slowed down, thereby delaying the recovery of the semiconductor industry, sealing the recovery of the industry. 2. Increased concentration of production capacity, resulting in increased competition and the risk of a fall in profitability.
By the end of the third quarter of 2019, long-term electricity and technology were producing 3.4 billion yuan, producing 1.4 billion yuan in micro-power and 600 million yuan in Chinese technology. The capital and investment showed a high industry profile, but the sealing industry was low, and the client list was relatively easy if
Over-concentration of production capacity will lead to lower capacity utilization in the industry, and increased competition will reduce product prices and lead to less than expected profitability in the industry.
With the acquisition of the historical burden of Starcomb gradually resolved in 2019 and 2020, and with the new management taking office, we look forward to the elasticity of the performance of Starcombing after integration. But international corporate integration involves complex issues such as organizational structure, customer structure, capacity transfer, etc., and is for management.
A major test of managerial competence, the continued low performance of Starcomb over the past four years, is a difficult experience of integration. We believe that, if the integration of Starcomb is not as effective as expected, it will limit the company’s potential to benefit from advanced envelopes, while high depreciation will create a serious drag on the company’s performance.
4. The risk of increased competition from advanced containment by power storage/intel power, and the risk of increased competition from advanced containment by international leading crystal-crystal and idm plants, and increased risks from competition in the industry. The power on the table had more than a decade of experience in covering the industry, releasing advanced containment technologies such as info and cowos, and
Construction of new containment plants with deep involvement in the area of containment, while the Idm factory Intel released in August 2019 an upgraded version of a completely new technology for interconnectivity (odi), embedded multi-core bridge (emic) containment co-emib and a new technology based on the interconnection of the physical layers of its advanced interface (mdio).
We believe that, in the context of the increased importance of advanced containment, crystal-round plants and idm plants have a natural advantage in advanced containment, combined with their own front-track technology, to capture technological trends more quickly, and have more opportunities for trial error, creating competitive advantages over other osat plants, which cannot be reached.
There is a risk that the demand for advanced encapsulation technology will fall in the face of marginalization of orders in industrial competition. 5. Risk of the release of 43 million shares by a restricted-sales carrier: 150 million shares to a core semiconductor for matching fund-raising.
The release of shares is limited to three years and will be released in July 2020.