Ningbo Bank (002142): The difference in interest rates, investment, and quality of assets highlighted the advantages of professional operations, the growth of q4 to public loans slowed slightly from high in 2024, and the growth of individual loans remained constrained by demand. q4 Ningbo Bank loans slowed down from high, but the relative advantage remained clear.
There has been a marked decline, either as a result of factors of commonality in the sector: q4 hidden debt swaps have been strong and have had a significant intergenerational effect on medium- and long-term public lending. On the other hand, there has been a high rate of growth in public credit in the last three quarters, resulting in a corresponding reduction in the q4 offer.
The reason is: on the one hand, there has been a greater investment in business and consumer-type loans over the same period last year, and the pressure on maturity this year; on the other hand, there is a weak demand for various types of credit by the population; and, on the other hand, there has been a tightening of access to individual loans by companies or as a result of rising credit risk from individual loans in the industry. The firm’s regional industries are strong and demand is strong, and the growth of q1 credit is expected to remain strong in 2025.
Tariff escalation may have an impact on local demand. Taken together throughout the year, given the overall “open door” expectations of the banking sector, and the still room for domestic demand, investment-side policies, subsequent pressure or limitations.
Deposits continue to grow at a faster rate than they were during the same period. In addition to the higher levels of credit derivatives, high levels of deposit growth are likely to benefit from the following factors: on the one hand, higher customer stickyness, good export-led cash flows from companies and micro-entities compared to Ningpo Bank (002142): growth in size is still high
Since May of this year, the financial situation has increased, and Ningpo Bank may benefit more from the financial downturn from a publicly-owned deposit structure. Strong, with greater write-off — company summary report, Ningpo Bank (002142): strong growth in size
On the one hand, it is due to the interest rate of new individual loans or to the silver bank Ningpo Bank (002142): an increase in public loans.
The overall industry trend continues to be significantly lower, with lower interest rates on q4-stock housing loans; on the other hand, owing to strong bond re-pricing, interest differentials have been reduced by a narrow margin — the firm's summary assessment has had a significant effect (the share of low-rate coupons in the portfolio has been higher in recent years, and interest rates have been lower or higher).
The average interest rate on public loans is stable compared to the first half of the year, and is consistent with industry trends. At the end of the debt, there has been a marked improvement in the rigidity of deposits after multi-wheel deposits have been reduced, with the q4 interest rate down by 1.93 per cent measured and the ring rate improved by about 8bps. Last year, the base figure was higher, with the q4 interest rate falling by about 26bps on a year-on-year basis, with the difference driving the interest difference increasing by the same year-on-year.
At the asset end, the return on loans in the first half of the year will reflect the heavy pricing effect of the two drops in lpr in the second half of last year. Moreover, at this stage, factors such as weak retail demand and the increased likelihood of lower tariff pressure will continue to put pressure on interest rates. At the end of the year, the company will be implementing a new round of sharper deposits to reduce interest rates in late October.
Due to better customer stickyness, we believe that corporate interest differentials will remain a comparative advantage over industry. Middle-business revenues will remain under pressure from the market; and professional investment advantages will be evident in the debt situation.
q4 single-season fees and commission revenues have increased significantly over the same period. Given the low q4-scale share of the base figure in recent years, this is not enough to confirm the trend of improving intermediate business income with q4-quarter data.
q4 companies use their professional advantage to increase their bond investments, with outstanding investment performance. On the one hand, investment returns + fair values have changed: the profit/loss ratio has improved significantly; on the other hand, other combined returns have continued to grow at a similar rate, reaching $15.6 billion at the end of the year.
After assets are disposed of, the latter will be carried forward as current gains and losses, and their sizeable size will provide a larger cushion at the income end. The overall asset quality is stable; in the industry context where individual loan risk is generally rising, poor disposal remains prudent. q4 At the end of the year, the public sector ' s non-performing loan rate was 0.76%, equal to the ring.
Trends are consistent, reflecting employment and income pressures on the population; the low quality of public assets is stable, reflecting the resilience of local entities.q4 At the end of the year, the proportion of overdue loans in the category increased by 3bps to 0.81 per cent in comparison with q2 and is consistent with current macro-level trends.0.27 per cent of the q4 quarter negative yield (plus write-off) is measured and is high in recent years; 3,757 million non-performing loans are written off
In the current context of the rising risk of individual loans in the industry, companies recognize and write off mainly in retail assets. The timely disposal of risks helps companies to remain proactive in their subsequent business development.
Given the faster growth in corporate income and the higher provision, it is expected that there will still be a capacity to maintain an excellent indicator of asset quality.  Profit forecasting and investment proposals. Given that: 1)q4 investment efficiency is significantly better than expected; 2) middle business income improvements in the banking sector are slower in the current situation; 3) firms are expected to continue to show a significant margin against the background of increased risk of individual lending in the banking sector.
The Ningpo Bank has a better base, a more sticky customer base, and a strong professional capacity of the company, and expected tariff effects or moderateness, and revenue is expected to continue to grow faster. With the advantages of revenue and provision, the company is able to adequately cope with the upward pressure from the industry’s zero-sale risk, and asset quality is expected to remain excellent.
Figure 1 Size of new lending by q4 Ningbo Bank, in billions of yuan, size and rate of increase of bank deposits, left axis: billion yuan, in q4 Nbo Bank, in millions of yuan, in 3 calendar years
Figure 4 Single-quarter interest differential and year-on-year variation by Bank Ningbo, Number of semi-annual fees and commissions earned by Bank Novo, in millions of yuan, Other Consolidated Proceeds by Bank Noongbo, Left Axis: billion yuan
Figure 7 Negative bank rates, concern rates and overdue rates, in: % Appendix: Forecasts of the Three Statements, using data information for legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.