Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): Rate-rate-rate-resilient, increasing seasonly, q4 credit expansion slows down, Ningpo Bank
Incidents: On 9 April, Ningpo Bank published its 2024 annual report, which resulted in revenues, pre-arrangement profits, net profits of 666.3, 423,000, 27.13 billion dollars, corresponding to 8.2 per cent, +14.4 per cent and +6.2 per cent, respectively.
City commercial banks. The company adheres to the principle of access by “knowing the market, familiar with 389.4% coverage, and a 28pc drop in the ring”.
A strategy aimed at diversifying the financial services provided by clients by creating “corporate banks, retail companies, individual banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper business, investment banks, asset hosting, etc.”
Asset management is a nine-year profit center. In 2024, Ningpo Bank achieved 66.630 billion (Yoy+8.2%) in initial diversification, and the rate of increase is on the market.
The growth model and good brand image are advanced, mainly through faster growth in net interest income (yoy+17.3%) supported by faster growth and more resilient interest differentials. The main contribution, in terms of profit splits, is effective management of scale growth and costs.
Control, the main drag, is non-interest income and reduced taxes. Four quarters of the marginal changes in the margins suggest a decline in the profit driver’s standard contribution ratio, a continued negative growth in non-interest rates, and a further reduction in tax savings. The good thing is that the interest gap is strong. Credits are kept out faster and support the public as a whole. In late 2024, Ningbo’s total assets, loans, and the same ratio.
660,359/660,359 +24.4%, +10.0%, respectively. The three industries that voted on public loans were leasing and business services, wholesale retailing, real estate, which accounted for 26.9%, 12.8%, and 26.9%, respectively, of new loans during the year.
Of retail loans, 11.8 per cent saw consumer loans, mortgage loans, business loans and the ratio increase by +11.4 per cent, while the year-round net interest differential fell by less than the same business and was more resilient. Ningpo Bank recorded a net interest difference of 1.86 per cent in 2024, an increase of 1 bp from the previous three quarters; the same year it fell by only 2 bp, with a narrow and significantly lower seasonal decline.
More specifically, loans, interest payments, if mortgage-back pricing and consumer lending competition increases. The rate of interest payments on deposits, interest-bearing liabilities fell by 7bp, 9bp to 1.94%, and 2.06% respectively.
Asset quality indicators are generally robust and retail risks still need to be addressed. At the end of the year, Ningpo Bank ' s non-performing lending rate was 0.76%, the ring ratio was equal, and concern was expressed that the quarterly loan rate was rising steadily, with 38bp higher at the beginning of the year and 3bp higher at the end of the year.
The rate of poor retail lending at the end of the year was 1.68 per cent, an increase of 1 bp over the middle of the year; of this, the negative balance of consumer loans increased by 556 million and the negative rate increased by 5bp to 1.61 per cent over the middle of the year; the negative balance of mortgage loans decreased by 7bp to 2.97 per cent.
32bp above; judging retail failure is still high. On the provision side, end-of-year provision coverage is recommended: Ningpo Bank grew in size in 2024, interest spreads were stronger, faster core harvests were achieved, and the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom was found.
Growth shows a strong credit expansion and customer capacity. However, during the current economic cycle, poor generation has increased, write-off disposal has increased, provision has accelerated consumption and retail risk trends still need to be closed
There is little pressure on the base; on the other hand, Ningpo Bank continues to build stronger wealth management and financial market investment capacity, and its ability to operate in the current market environment is perhaps more prominent. We have a slight decline in the margin of 2025 - considering that corporate valuations are already lower than comparable urban comptoirs, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Source of financial excellence in the East: Figure 2: Ningpo Bank 4q24 seasons, net profit with ratio + 10.6 per cent, + 3.8 per cent, Figure 3: Ningpo Bank 3q24, 2024 performance split
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 6: Non-performing bank lending rate of 0.76 per cent at the end of 2024, stable, with an increase of 38bp to 1.03 per cent compared with the beginning of the year
The q4 credit expansion slowed down - 2024.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
The source of the financial and intellectual boom in the East is reported by the East Hing Securities Corporation.
Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): The spread of q4 credit has increased seasonally, and the expansion of q4 credit has slowed down - the 2024 Annual Report Certificate does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and the investors make any changes on that basis.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
It may also provide or seek to provide services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.