Silver-Team Gold (000975) announces an assessment of silver-Team gold: clear strategic planning, with both reserves and yields.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
The annual plan is 19% cagr; the amount and reserves of the gold reach jiayaogan at the end of 25/26/28/30 years, respectively, with gold explicitly as the main industry.
The overall portfolio of strategic and emerging mineral opportunities is focused on; efforts are being made to break through resources and production, and in the near future, to capture the existing mineral infrastructure, promote the upgrading of stocks, and promote targets in the medium to long term, both within and outside the country through a focus on growth.
(c) Investment M&As “expansion development”, with a focus on the deployment of important mining belts overseas.
The company will scale up major production recovery projects on the basis of steady production, strengthen the development of priority areas systems and transform safe and efficient mining methods, and focus on the construction of key engineering projects for the acceleration of the mine. From the existing mining projects, the mining rights of the Great Chai Chai and Blue Dragon Trench belts in Qinghai are expected to be in place for 23 years.
At the end of the process, 1.2 million tons of the stock evaluation of the Chinese gold mine is still in progress. The Yulong mine is well under way.
With 1328.55 tons of new silver metal, 1062 million tons of new lead metal, 225,000 tons of new zinc metal, 573 million tons of new copper metal and 0.92 million tons of new tin metal. The completion of this resource inventory represents a milestone in the process of increasing prospecting on the outskirts of the Yulong mine, which we believe is a mineral.
The project has been completed, and as the construction of the new mine progresses, the firm’s financial excellence in the silver business is expected to shift to a yield advantage. A centralized competitive bid will increase the share of silver and Thai gold by the means of its own funds, with a cumulative increase of no less than the amount of the capital.
On December 29th, Shandong gold accumulated an additional 5.79% share of silver and Thai gold, with 28.89% share of silver and gold.
The net profits of the company will be growing rapidly over the next three years as the expansion project moves into production.