Silver-Thai gold: the first overseas expansional map gradually landed
Silver and Thai gold is to be bought in cash at a price of $1.90 per share through a fully-owned subsidiary of Henan Seinji Trading Co. Ltd. in Canada.
The amount of the purchase is approximately $368 million (estimated at cad/cny = 5.33), corresponding to approximately RMB 1,961 million) and the purchase of jiayaogan.
After completion, the company will hold 100% of the shares through the buyer. • The mines are rich in resources and still have exploration potential.
grams/tons (March 2023), while twinhills are located in a mine-basing zone with a fractured structure of 100 km, 70 km of which are located within existing mining rights and prospecting rights in search of large mineral spaces. The Ondundu project has an extrapolated resource of 27.99 tons of gold with a grade of 1.13 g/ton, while the project discovers a new environmentka vision area.
• Planning for an annual capacity of 5 tons, expected to become operational in 26 years. The feasibility study prepared by the lycopodium project, published in June 2023, was cited in the company's acquisition announcement.
Designed capacity of 5 million tonnes/year, constructive capital expenditure of $365 million, planned production for 13 years, open-air mining, mine service rate of 4.64 tonnes/tonne, estimated average annual production value of 5.04 tonnes over the lifetime of the mine, at full maintenance cost of $1011/twinhills.
The gold mining project has completed the purchase of land for construction, and it is planned to start construction in July 2024 and start production in 2026.
• Consistent with the corporate strategic development framework. According to the strategic development plan, published in 23 years, the company planned to produce 15 tons of mineral gold in late 2026, and the amount and reserves of gold amounted to 300 tons. In our view, if the plan were to be followed, the company would propose “investment and acquisition ‘exploitation development’, with a focus on the deployment of important mineral belts abroad.
Current size, scale expansion and sustainable development.” In practical terms, the company, from the top team to the first line of mine management, basically retained the former Elado, with the capability of internationalization and internationalization, and we believe that the company has the advantage of operating overseas, as the first overseas expansion is developed.
The size of the company is expected to grow steadily. Profit predictions and valuations. The size of the company's increased production space and growth are continuing to be highlighted, and we expect that the net profits of the company will be growing rapidly over the next three years as the expansion project progresses.
For 23-25 years, divisional eps are $0.55, 0.62 and 0.85 per unit, respectively.