Silver-Thai gold (000975.sz) is low-cost, high-profit, new in the way of development.
The company's main business is the selection of precious metals and non-ferrous metals, with a net return profit of $1,124 million and a strong profitability. In 2023, Shandong gold officially gained control over silver and gold, and the company was transformed from a private to a state-owned enterprise, with a smooth transition to a new management.
There are four gold mines and one lead, silver and silver, metal ore under the company’s banner. Of these, China’s gold mines, which are the first to work together outside our home, are excellent.
The Gold Mine, a cut-off gold mine acquired by companies in 2021, is one of the country's rare types of large-scale gold mine, with great potential for mining. Expansion of the license is being promoted, with open-air mining in the Washington gold mine, with simple production processes and relatively low mining costs and conditions for rapid recovery in the future.
In comparison with companies listed in the same industry, the volume of corporate resources, while not yet in the head series, is highly cost-effective, per capita and profitable. At the end of the third quarter of 2023, the corporate asset liability rate was only 17.58%, in the industry.
Real interest rates have fallen, looking at the medium- to long-term trend in gold. Gold asset yields were excellent in 2023, and inflation in the United States, while still high, has slowed down over the past year, and employment markets have cooled.
Moreover, in response to counter-globalization trends and increasingly complex geopolitical situations, the global central bank has significantly increased its gold holdings, pushing the gold price up in the medium to long term.
Profit predictions and valuations: corporate endowments are outstanding, management is excellent, gold costs are low, profitability is strong. In the future, there is much room for increasing gold production as resources dive. We predict corporate major shareholders change, seeking a second leap.
At present, the company owns five mining companies, namely, the Yulong Mine, the Black River Silver Tetau, the Jilin Temple, the Qinghai Great Chaidan and the Huaming Gold Mine.
The main products in the mine include the big gold mine, the Shikyota, the Gilling Temple, the Qinghai Great Chaidan, the main products of which are allied gold, the lead and silver polymetal mine, the gold mine, the lead powder (with silver) and the zinc powder (with silver). The Chinese gold mine is waiting to recover the mine for the company to buy it. In addition, the subsidiary, Silver Tae Sung-hong, is a subsidiary.
In 2022, the company produced 7.06 tons of alloys, and the combined amortization cost was just $167.54/g. In 1999, the company ' s predecessor, Ujiang Electric Co. Ltd., was registered in Chongqing City and in June 2000 in Shenzhen.
In 2002, the company’s first shareholder changed to Guangzhou Ced Holdings Ltd., and its main shareholder changed to investment in and management of urban utilities and changed its name to South Science City Development Co. Ltd. In 2007, the company’s first shareholder changed its investment to Silver Tai, China.
L.A., which defined the strategic direction for the transfer of company-owned business to the energy sector and the mineral resource industry, with the hotel and restaurant industry as a strategy for transitioning to business.In 2013, the company completed a major asset restructuring and sold 100 per cent of the share of the Beijing Silver-Thai Hotel Management Ltd. to the parent
The company, Silver Tai, China, also purchased 69.47 per cent of the shares of the Central Mongolian Yulong Mining Department with additional shares and part of the cash, and the main business changed to non-ferrous metal selection. As a result, the company was formally transformed and renamed Silver and Thai Resources Ltd.
In 2016, Silver-Thai resources acquired the global gold company Ellado, a leading Canadian company in China, the Black River, the Rock-dong gold mine, the Gilling Temple gold mine, and the Qinghai Great Chaidan Beach gold mine. Access to high-quality gold mining resources further expanded the company’s business map. Major asset restructuring was completed in 2018.
With the completion of the group, the company maximized the retention of its original team in the mines, developed a large pool of technical managers, and built on the advanced production management philosophy and management experience of the international mining company. In 2019, the company changed its name to Silver-Thai Gold Co. Ltd., more accurately representing the company’s gold owners, and the company’s gold owners.
In 2021, the company invested $1,037 million in the acquisition of 60 per cent of Man City’s Chinese Gold and Gold Development Co. Ltd., with a substantial increase in gold reserves, laying the resource base for long-term development.
In 2023, Shandong gold acquired a combined share of 20.93 per cent of the shares of Mr. Shen and Silver Thai Investment Ltd. of China at US$12.76 billion, officially gaining control of silver and Thai gold in July, while Shandong gold increased its share of the company through a centralized competitive exchange, increasing its share to 28.89 per cent as at 29 December.
The company has been converted from a private to a state-owned enterprise. Shandong gold, our leading gold industry, has 14 domestic and 2 overseas mines, holds 1431.40 tons of gold resources, 565.18 tons of gold, 38.67 tons of mineral gold in 2022, and is experienced in the project and is expected to empower the company in the future and achieve mutual advantage.
A new phase of development, with companies proposing new strategic goals, should be based on resources, global layout, long-term continuity, and a second leap. The project should be based on increased capacity, priority projects, and improved capacity.
(b) Three-year planning target: 15 tons of mineral gold and 300 tons of gold resources and reserves at the end of 2026;
Five-year planning target: 22 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of 2028 and 500 tons of gold resources and reserves; Seven-year planning target: 28 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of the fifteenth year and over 600 tons of gold resources and reserves.
Figure 3: Mineral gold production and target (tons) for both silver and silver gold operations in Shandong, involving competition between non-ferrous metal mining, companies have announced that the main products of gold in Shandong are gold bars, gold bars, etc., and silver and yellow.
The main products of gold are alloys (e.g. silver), silver lead concentrates and zinc concentrates, and silver gold alloys, which require further refining to become standard gold and silver gold alloys, which are essentially the upstream products of Shandong gold, whose main products differ significantly from silver gold; and sales patterns.
The main customers of Shandong gold are the Shanghai Gold Exchange, while the main customers of Silver Thai gold are the downstream gold smelters, and the customers of both sides are in different industrial chains, with significant differences between the main customers; with respect to mineral rights, the regional paradigm of the mining rights of Shandong gold and Silver Thai gold, based on current mining rights and prospecting rights
The company’s board of directors changed considerably after the change of ownership, with Shandong Gold Group Ltd.
Member of the party committee, Deputy Chairman and General Manager of Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd., and Head of the Party Secretary and head of the mining management branch of the company, Mr. Liu Chin. Four of the company’s six boards are occupied by members of the Shanjin background.
Senior Manager of Exploration and Commerce, China, Aohua Gold Ltd., Senior Manager of Exploration, Senior Manager, Senior Engineer, Chief Engineer, Director, Senior Engineer, Silver Thai Gold Company Ltd., Canada. Two Deputy Managing Directors have a long-term and thorough understanding and management of the company ' s existing mineral resources.
In recent years, corporate production has been stable overall, with gold production rising from about 6 to 7 tons. In 2022, the company was able to produce 7.06 tons of gold, yielding business income of $8.382 billion, down 7.29 per cent from the previous year.
11.24 million yuan, a decrease of 11.69 per cent from the same year. Majorly due to the impact of the disease on the Jilin temple, the cessation of production; the replacement and commissioning of millers by Qinghai Chai; and the inability of the Yulong mining industry to acquire explosives due to the Beijing Winter Olympics and Winter Paralympics, which affected progress in the production of mineral resources, the sale of gold and silver was reduced and added up compared to the same period in the previous year.
The rise in raw materials prices, the impact of higher production costs, and a decline in performance. During the first three quarters of 2023, the value of the beneficiary gold rose, the company’s performance increased to $7,095 million in operating income, the shareholders made changes, their performance was smooth, their costs were well regulated, and their net return to the mother was $384 million in a single season.
Figure 4: Corporate operating income and growth (billion yuan, %) Figure 7: Sub-product Māori (%) High quality of mineral resources and high potential for development
The company focuses on the extraction of precious and non-ferrous metals, and has five mining companies, one for lead, one for silver, one for silver and one for metal, the other for silver and silver, the other for gold, the Black River and Silver, the Jillin Temple, the Qinghai Great Chaidan and the Washington Gold Mine, of which the Chinese gold mine is closed for recovery, and the other for active production.
Tons, amount of silver metals, 6,921.2 tons of lead + zinc metals, 166,771 tons of lead + zinc metals, 6.35 million tons of copper metals, and the right to prospecting for silver lead and zinc mines.
Figure 9: Net profits of subsidiaries (millions of yuan)
At the end of 2022, there were 1,6377,000 tons of ores and 65.95 tons of gold and 131.4 million tons of ores and 6.85 tons of gold and metal.
The history of Qinghai Big Chaidan dates back to 1989 and was discovered by the First Geological Team of Qinghai Province during a regional geological survey. In 1993, the Qinghai State Big Tsai Board and a team of Qing Haï Quan Quantue formed a joint venture to develop inter-basin gold mines.
In 2003, Sino-Mine transferred its shareholdings to the Canadian company Afucan Mining. In 2005, Elado Gold Canada successfully acquired 85% of its shares and officially opened commercial production in 2007. In 2016, Elado withdrew from the Chinese market.
The Qinghai gold mine, which is the first gold mine to work together outside our home, has been designed, built, operated in full compliance with international standards, introduced modern management mechanisms abroad, advanced mining, mining techniques and equipment, and the level of digitized management and safe environmental management of the mine is within the country.
There are prospects for increased production. Qinghai Big Chaidan now has 2 mining rights, 7 prospecting rights, vast mining rights, and has a huge potential for finding minerals in the vicinity of mining rights. The company holds 73 tons in the relevant mining area.
A review of the mining rights of the Trench Gold Mine (New Trench) was carried out, and it is expected that, with the completion of the “prospecting”, the production capacity of the Crystal Trench Gold Mine and the Blue Dragon Trench Gold Mine will be 600,000 tonnes/year and 800,000 tonnes/year, respectively, and that future gold production will be expected to reach one.
In April 1998, 707 teams of non-ferrous metal geological surveys in Heilongjiang province found four rock gold bodies, including 1-4; 5-9 bodies were discovered in 1999 and opened the scene of the area’s search for mines. 707 teams were surveyed in 2007.
Locke Hong Kong signed a joint venture contract for the establishment of the Black River Rock to cooperate in the development of the Eastern Angry Mines. The real control was then transferred from Li to Auhua gold, to Elado, until 2016 to Shanghai. At the end of the following years, the amount of resources retained was 106.27 million tons of ore, 8.99 tons of gold and 72.39 tons of silver and metal.
An additional 214.1 million tons of ores, 0.70 tons of gold and 16.32 tons of silver and silver. High grade, high profitability.
It was 15.38 g/t. Excellent natural endowments have made it possible to make a good profit. In recent years, the net interest rate has remained at around 50%, with a net profit of 635 million yuan in 2022 and a net interest rate of 49.53%, which is a steady advance in the company’s most resource continuity.
The Court signed the Contract for the Transfer of the Right to Prospecting, which was awarded to the Seventh Geological Survey of Heilongjiang Province on a black day of $163 million. There is a greater potential for increasing the peripherals and depths of the area dominated by the North-South extension of No. 5 of the mine.
The Jilin Temple is a national green mine with mining rights in gold and gold. In 1998, the Gynaecology Research and Development Institute in Jilin province was conducting a pinestone roll.
In April 2008, mining rights were first established, and mining began in 2009 with the design of 660,000 tonnes/year. By the end of 2022, the amount of resources held by the Jilin Temple was 5.405 million tons of ore.
It's 20.59 tons of gold metal, and it's balanced, and it's productively robust. Since it came into operation, the continued production exploration of the Jillin Temple has yielded remarkable results, maintaining a good balance of exploration, maintaining a stable resource and having a good ability to operate sustainably.
The right to prospecting on the outskirts of the gold mine also has good clues to find mines, the right to prospecting in the pixel ditches has begun drilling work, and the industrial body has been discovered. In 2022, operating income of $682 million was realized, resulting in a net profit of $235 million.
It is located in three townships of Man City, Dhongzhou, Yunnan Province, 22 km from the central border with Myanmar, and currently has a mining rights area of 0.6338 square kilometres, and mining rights include two orchards and a wheat dam.
The gold mine commissioned Beijing Sroko Resources Limited to produce an independent technical report on the Man City gold mining project in Yunnan Province, China, which estimates the total amount of Kalin-type gold ore resources in the McDougall sector, which amounts to 23,22.5 million tons, and that billions have acquired 60 per cent of the ownership of the Huaming gold mine in Yunnan Mang City as shareholders in its holding stock.
Man City gold mining rights were first established in 1995 for the nuclear industry 209 Man City gold mines, which became the Man City Huaming Gold Development Company Ltd. In 2010, Man City gold mines discovered hidden types of Kalin gold mines in the lower part of the wheat dam.
In 2016, because of shareholder funding problems, the gold mine was virtually non-productive and has continued to this day. The prospect of finding a mine is enormous.
In the world ' s gold-seeking practice, mountain-making, tiles-type, shallow low-temperature hydrothermal, and carin-type gold deposits are four important types. Carin-type gold deposits are produced in carbonate rock, thin fragmentation rock, and silicon rock, with low base metal content, and gold is moderately immersed in low-temperature, low-temperature, high-temperature, high-temperature, high- and high-altitude gold deposits, with an integral distribution of gold.
The discovery of a group of Kalin-type gold deposits in the southwest edge of the country, which gave the “South West Triangle” a prototype, shows great potential and good prospects for finding the Kalin-type gold deposits.
The owners of silver and Thai gold have also been able to solve the financial problems that existed before. The project was highly valued by the local government, and the report of the government of Tehon County in 2023 proposed to accelerate the early completion of the Chinese gold mine in Man City.
The Mang City project is carrying out a resource stock appraisal and filing process, as required by the latest mining policy, while promoting the integration of territorial resources in parallel with the further development of the project ' s potential.
The Yulong mine, which is located in the town of Silin-Kul-Si-Yu-Yun-Yu-Yian-Yian, is currently a national mineral silver bank.
Silver) is one of the largest single-body mines, with lead powder (in silver) and zinc powder (in silver) being the main products.