China shares (002236.sz) have strong growth prospects but are fully valued; for the first time, coverage has been rated neutral (summary) and we believe that China will continue to win a market share in the integrated security sector. As of 2016, the country will continue to enjoy its share of the market.
Shareholdings are the country’s second largest and fourth largest provider of video surveillance equipment and solutions. We also expect that, as competition becomes rational and small business profits decline, the company’s Māori ratio will improve, and that, after the transition (1), overseas: in the next three years, we expect income from overseas markets to contribute three-fold to growth in China.
Oem/odm is transformed into an autonomous branding solution supplier. (2) Solutions: After two years of transition from a distribution-oriented product supplier to an overall solution service provider, the share of the solution business revenue from the GTP in 2016 was about 50 per cent in its domestic market, and
Overseas markets are moving forward. We expect that the share of the solution business will continue to rise, driving corporate profitability and government spending fluctuations and competition changes.
It's all translated and then made available to all of us a 300-degree index.
Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not be considered as an appendix to the disclosure of information in this report or be requested to contact your investment representative.
Shareholding: summary of financial data, who contributed to this report, Hoshting.
Chinese shares (002236.sz) caneofcontents pricesinthisreportareasofthemay26, 2017 marketcloseunlessicadonewise.
Exhibit1: gs/ghglobalsurveillevalation comps note: estimatesfornccompaniesaresedonconsensus.
I don't know, overseasandsolutionsbusinesstodrivegroveth, withr & dfocus globalbrandringandsalesnetworkworkexpansion thesurveillancebusinesshadundbell-likestructure, withsales/marketingnetworkandr&d
Onthetwoends. dahaidientiesmarketshareasaveryimportofofocuspoint.asof2016, we estimatedahuahad 8.5% markshareinthedomesticmarketand 2.9% markshareinthe overseasmarket, upfrom 4.3% and 0.5%in2011.currently, overseasrevenueaccountsfor 38%
Intermsofsalesnetwork, dahuasover 2000in-housessstafforthedomesticmarkets, covering 280resonsand3,000 countriesinchina.itsdistrificationworksreacherinthothe countryside.dahuaclalassifiesscustotorsintotherrevegroups: 1) smartity/safecity; 2) big
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Fortheoverseasmarket, dahuaistransformingitselfaway Frombeingnoemtooverseens surveillellanceproduct/serviceprovidersby 1)promotingtown-brandedprodustough
I'm not sure what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, but I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Exhibit 4: overseasrevenueaccoundedfor38%offtotal 50%oftotalin2019e dahuarevenuebreakdownbygeography (2016)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Xhibit6: dahuathhescond-largestemployeescaleamongmedomesticsurveillancecompanies source: companydata.transformationfromistrificationtosolution
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
For the first 15yearsorsoinchina, dahumaninlyreliedonstrustosellitsproducts.Startingfrom 2014, dahuaventuredintothesoltionsmarketswiththeestructuringexerciseofitsalesandandandteams.othersultofdahua'srestructuringcanbeseeninitsrevenuegrandand
In 2014, the company setsetsettingupsubsidiaresinoverseeas marketsandpromotingitsownloadedproducts.in2016, dahumantedinthions.
I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, ma'am.
31 May 2017 (002236.sz) Participating inppppprojects, asaninroadingmoreity-levelsionsbusiness.we.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
End2016, dahuahad5,321emproyeesinitsr&ddepartement (61%offtotal), andr&dextpense aspercentageofvevenuehassistentlyinfosed From5.8% in 2007to 10.7%in2017. goingforward, managementexpectsr&dexpensapercentageofrevenutotustayabove
10 per cent atlast. dahuaestabrishedsourcesearchinstitutesin 2015-2016, facusingonchip, bigdata, artificial Intelligence, adadvancedapplications. thesurveillellancefront-endindustryhasved throughwowavesofftechnologyupgradepveriously (1) fromanalogacameratoipcamera; and
(2) fromisolatednetworkstructureworkstructure.bookingforward, weberlieve weareattheinitialstageofthetextwaveofgradetoal-embedsurveillellanceproductsand systems.
Butalsodoesmoreandmorecomplexanalysistiohelps.inthisnewelligentera, dahuastrivestotheelligentiotsions.
Provideandserviceoperotor with afocussonvideo. Dahua shares (002236.sz) dahuaemployeecompposition (2016)
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
China shares (002236.sz) overthepastdecade, dahua'srevenueasmainlydrivenbyfront-endproducts, followedbyback-endproducts.goingforward,weexpect-endprodactswillcontinuetobetheggestrevenuedriveras
In 2017e,weexactrevenuegrovethtoaccelerateto 35%oyfrom32%oyin2016, mainlydrivenby2016
We can't afford to have sex with you, but we can't have sex with you, and we can't have sex with you, and we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you, we can't have sex with you.
Solutionsbusiness, Grossmarginintheoverseasmarketsurpassed Grossmarginchinchina.goingforward, we expectrevenueconstrumsionstocontainationasapercentageofthetotal. dahuarevenueconposition, 2007-2019e
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The cogs bothexternaland internalfactorscontractedtodahua'smarginrecoveryin2016.externally,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Apercentageofrevenue, sg & aincreasedto 27% in 2005asdahuamoves fromadistributionbusinessmodeltoasoloptionsmodel.goingforward, managementplanningtofurtherinvestandexpanditsglobalsalesnetworkworks.weexpectsg &aasapercententageof
It's a great deal of money, revenuetocontinuetoreiseatasteadypace.
We're not going to be able to do that, we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to be able to do it.
(rmmn) Source: companydata.
It's a great deal of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money, and it's a lot of money.
In 2005-2016, dahuagretsrevenueby 45xromrmb293mntormb13, 329mn,ata caprof41%, mainlydrivenby thegrovethinectsfront-endproductsuite, theshareofwhich increasedfrom1%ofoverallrevenuein 2006to 49%in2016.thisimainlydrivenby2016.
By 2020e, weexpectdahua'svenuetoreachrmb38, 121mn, tacagrof 30% from 2016.front-endproductswillstiltiltilbyofgratisgrothwithincrementalaswellas
Upgrade/placementdemandforcameras, anditscontributionwillacreaseso 57% by 2020e,basedonourestimatates. wenoticepsgrorowthlaggdahua'srevenuegroveth, mainlyasalesultofdeclining
By 2020e,weexpectdahua'sepstoanchrm 1.57, at Byacagrof 26% From 2016,
I mean, it's not like I'm not the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy who's got it, and I'm the one who's the guy who's the one who's got it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Dahuahascensentlyoperatatatatatatatacitoverthepastdecade.asof2016,its netcashtoebitdararatius 1.1x, iplyingstrongbalbalancesheet.Roewas 25%in2016, animprovementfrom 2014/2015postitsinternalrestructuring, and
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
We're going to have to do something about it, but we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to have to do something about it.
Valuationandstockpricdrivers weforecasta 32%revenuecagrada 24%
I don't know, by contining marketshareexpansionandstabilizingprofitabilitylevels.weapplythe20x averagep/multiplefordahua'sglobalanddomedicpeersin 2018todahua's 2018reepsto 12-monttargatepriceoflamb 19.0,implying 4%upside.allstocksincludedhave
Webelievap/eistemimportantvaluationmetrichatinvestorofocusedon,anditisinlinewithvaluemethodologyfortheasharetechspace.
Note: eestimatesfornccompaniesarebasedonconsensus.source:companydata, bloomberg, gaohuasecuritiesresearch. May 31, 2017
Chinese shares (002236.sz) 12-montthforwardp/e source: bloomberg, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
Source: Bloomberg, gaohuasecuritiesresearch. 31 May 2017, D.C. (002236.sz)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
(a)stractures/preferences, industryregulations/governmentpolitics, andtakeoverdefense strategältouldpreventrasansactionfromocurring.wethenconsistressful factors1)atractivenessoftechnology; (b)attactivenessofcustoms; and (c) Costsynergypotential;
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Wegaugew whethertheotherothereineampedimentstom&abecause, iftheothere, acompanyis unlikelytobemeam&atargevenifirants1or2onqualitative/quantitativecritria.

Party (including both theywouldlyberereceptive, oriftheymaybeopposedto selling), oriftheyhaveannouncedapreferenceistaisetheirstakeinthecompany; relegalandorganovermentpolicymediments; and
"no" Qualificationifoneormoreofthethethreevisionsabovareappliableand a "yes" Qualification iftheseconversionsdonotapply.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
"4"ifitstechnologyisunattatclive, "3"ifitismoderatedly offensive, 2"ifitisattactiveand"1 "ifitisveryattactive.customerbase: welokatwhethorornotacompanyhasanattatactivecustusebase
"iftheyouremoderatedlyactive," "iftheyare"
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Of "4" iftheesseslowpossiabilityofsynergies, "3" ifthessessomepossiability, "2" iftheeis highpossiability, and "1" ifthesaveryhighposiability.
Wessignarenkof's "4" iftheyareunatractive, 3"iftheyouremoderatedlyactive, 2"iftheyareattractive, and 1"iftheyareveryactive.
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002236.sz} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00002} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF00}
Weaselsotthesmalelacompanyis, theeaieritistoacquire.wealsotake regionalquities (suchasiffing marketcaprangesbetweenregenions) intoacaccount. 2) valuation:welookathethatargetcompany'stree-yearaveragep/eand
ev/ dacfarebelowtheindustry/peeraverageforthesameperiod, aswebelieve companytrainingatadis countrytopersaremoremolekelytobeacquired.
Industrypeergroup, "3"ifitsvaluationlinewiththepeeraverage," 2"ifitsvalued, and 1"ifitsvaluationissuesigneduniversesubscionted.wetakeintoaccountdifficultivationmulgatesweenthecompaniesdevendontheirregion
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to do it, and they're going to have $7,794m, and, and, and, and everything, and, and, and, and, we, and, and, and, and, we, and, we, and, we, we'ven and, and, and, and, we, we, we, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, we, and, we, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, we, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
31 May 2017 CS (002236.sz)
We need to make sure that we have the right to have access to the Internet, as government-and public-released projectprojectedforover 40% of the total number of Internet users in 2016.
Forexample, in 2014-2015, development-relayed projects duotoslowing macroeconomicgrowthinchinina.thistedtohikvision'srevenuegrowthlowingdownto 36% yooyand 37% yoyin 2014and2015, from 53% yoyin2013.Startingin2h16, industry
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
Therereover 1,500surveillenceproduceproversinchina.althoughdahua'sssizeismuch larger than the best, isisstillnotinsultatedfrrompricing company, specialinotherelively low-end, standardeddistortionchannels.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Technologyleadershipandlimitedsupplytendtoveahighpricingpremiuminitially. May 31, 2017 (002236.sz)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Da Hwa shares (002236.sz) themselves, Hoshting, hereby declares that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the said company or its securities. In addition, any part of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Xueixing: a share of telecommunications and technology, and a share of telecommunications and technology in China.a A share of telecommunications and technology in China.a A share of telecommunications and technology: quick communication, China connection (a), China association (h), China connection (ads), Huayong half-conductor, WFSP, Psychic technology, China communication (a).
Jai, China Harbour International, Middle Harbour International (adr), Sun Woo Optics, Station Power, Station Power (adr), Union Power, Union Power (adr), Central Hing Communications (h). Statutory disclosures relating to companies are not disclosed with specific information on: Da Hwa shares (rmb18.26)
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.