The South-West Securities Research and Development Center (SWIRDC) is a big, big-ass computer.
In contrast to Heiconway, where the profits of the shares of the developing countries have the potential to grow: in comparison with the indicators of the two companies, we find that the proportion of the revenues of the shares of the latter is 2.4 in size and 4.67 in market value, while the share of the two companies in the other two-manufacturing industry is usually between 1 and 1.5.
The market value ratio is between 1.5 and 3, and there is much room for growth in both income and market value. Capability in Shanghai is about 4 in net profit ratio, and the elasticity of the share in China is greater than income growth.
In 2016, China accounted for less than 10 per cent of the global market. Overseas business accounted for 37.93 per cent of the company ' s total business income in 2016, and companies planned to account for 50 to 70 per cent of their total revenue in the future.
• The downside of the domestic market, the layout of ppp and security operations: our security market is growing rapidly at a rate of about 15% per year, and the video security industry is rising year after year, and it is of paramount importance to the global security market.
The video security industry is moving from passivity to intelligence. With the rapid growth of the video security industry, surveillance images that need to be processed have multiplied, and manual processing is inefficient and costly.
High, and therefore smart video analysis technology is needed to address video data processing. At the heart of technological innovation, the D.A. shares focus on “sound, visual, intellectual, controlled” development, closely following industry's paces to provide smart security, relying on their own advanced technology to develop a variety of innovative applications, such as front-end products, optical lenses, asp, intelligent transformation to code code.
Companies continue to invest in the fields of networking, machine vision, artificial intelligence algorithms. ppp and overseas operations contribute to high growth (2017-03-17)
1 Stakeholder: There is scope for raising the market value earnings to be compared to those of the video security industry, the Haikongway and the Da Hwa. The following table compares them in terms of size, profitability, operating capacity, cash flow and R & D inputs.
On a large scale, the share of Heiconway’s income is 2.4, while the market value ratio is 4.50, Heiconway’s share is 4.50, it's early, large, it has high market weight, and there is much room for development as the country’s second largest security company. In terms of the revenue-sharing structure, Heiconway sees domestic income as higher, 71% of total income, and China’s share in domestic revenue.
In terms of product structure, Heiconway’s sales of audio-visual before and after-views are about 3%, in line with industry’s general standards, while China’s share in overseas business grew almost tenfold between 2011 and 2016, with a combined annual rate of income of 56.47%.
Shares are about 1.5, back-end products are sold above industry averages. In terms of profitability, Heconway has a much higher scale effect and can get lower prices from suppliers, so that Māori rates can be maintained at a higher level even if the price is lower than HPR, 41.6% Māori in Heconway, and HW in 2016.
At the same time, the cost of the shares was higher than that of Heiconway, where the figure was 18.4 per cent of the three rates of Heiconway shares in 2016 was 25.4 per cent. The profit ratio was further increased by 13.6 per cent of the net interest rate of the shares, a difference of nearly 10 percentage points from the 23.2 per cent of Heiconway shares.
The ratio of the shares of HACW to HCW is greater than their income, at 4.07. Table 5: HCVVS shares: operational capacity compared to the benefits of scale, high bargaining power up and down, stock turnover and maturity recovery faster than that of HCW
In 2016, Heiconway had a turnover rate of 5.61 per cent, higher than 4.46 per cent; there was a slight difference in the value of profits between the turnover of accounts receivable and the shares of Heiconweig. Heiconweig had a strong cash return capacity, while cash received from vendors for the provision of goods accounted for 102.31 per cent of operating income, and net cash flows from operating activities accounted for net operating activities.
Quarterly reports show 16.2 billion dollars in book cash, and Heiconway’s ability to control cash is extremely strong. Compared with China’s weak equity repayment capacity, cash received for sales of goods and services accounts for 87% of operating income, but net cash flows from operating activities account for 33% of net gains from operating activities, with relatively weak quality of profits, mainly raw
Given that the company is not as competitive as Heiconway, the ability to pay back will be improved in order to expand the quality of the projects to which the proceeds are derived. The total capital recovery rate for the stockholdings is 3.06%, with $1.967 billion in book cash in the first quarter of 2017.
Enterprises above scale have sufficient R & D capabilities. The NIP renewal cycle is around one to two years, and there is a need to adjust products to the demand for orders. Each order requires at least one to two R & D staff in terms of R & D staffing, and an R & D team of more than a thousand in terms of research on innovative products. Large firms can afford a 1,000 R & D team.
Cost costs, and the volume of orders, can effectively spread fixed R & D costs. The security sector as a whole maintains R & D costs at more than 7%, sometimes exceeding 10%, but, in absolute terms, the leading company, Hai Conway and Da Hwa, have large shares, growing faster, and the R & D costs are rising.
In 2016, Heiconway saw R & D costs of $2.4 billion, an increase of 41 per cent, and 936 R & D personnel: Dahua shares R & D costs $1.4 billion, an increase of 49 per cent, and R & D 5321; a huge R & D team is the largest in Heicon.
The ratio of operating income to net profit ratio. It is relatively difficult to do research and development in China because of the followers’ strategy, and more than 5,000 R & D teams can bring more potential to the enterprise.
According to data from other industries, the income ratio of the two leaders is generally between 1 and 1.5 (see figure below), and for industries with a large premium, the market usually gives a higher valuation than the income ratio, which is usually maintained between 1.5 and 3. For example, the dollar ratio is 1.45 and the market value ratio is 1.12; Eli and Monx.
1.12 per cent, market value 1.91 per cent; 3 1.16 per cent, market value ratio, size: 2.4 per cent, and revenue ratio of the shares of the shares of the Sea Convey and China are well above 1.5 per cent, while market value is 4.5 per cent, and above 3. In the domestic security sector, Heconway starts early, is large, has high market influence, and has a great deal of influence.
There is still much room for growth as a follower. There is also a great difference in profitability from Heiconway’s vision, where the shares share share ratio is 2.4, but the net profit ratio is about 4.
The main reasons for China’s relatively weak profitability are two: 1) Heconway sees a stronger scale effect, lower prices for goods from suppliers, lower unit cost, and 2) China’s share has been declining per capita efficiency since 2014.
During this period, the size of the workforce increased significantly from year to year, reaching 10,000 people in 2016, an increase of 4857 compared to 2014, while profits grew at a slower pace than the number of people. This led to higher relative human costs for companies, higher operating costs, management costs, and sales costs than operating income.
In 2016, sales per capita amounted to about $1.21 million, and Heicon 1.6 million, which is 1.32 times that of China; in 2016, China achieved a net per capita gain of about $170,000, and Heicon $370,000, which is 2.18 times that of China. This year, companies will focus on managing productivity, promoting management change, and implementing several management change optimization projects.
Using a refined management model, quantitative appraisals are carried out for each business, independent appraisals of each production line are conducted, incentives are improved, and emphasis is placed on improving per capita effectiveness.
2.1 The market is expanding rapidly to cover two or three-line cities, and the entire industry chain consists mainly of upstream chips, video algorithms, manufacturers of medium-sized hardware and software equipment, systems integration and security services, downstream terminal applications, etc.
The components, and the components of the integrated and operational services dealing with video surveillance, account for about 50% of the production value and are most important in the security sector. Video security combines modern computer technology, network control and transmission technology, software technology, integrated circuit applications, etc., and is close to electronic information products, with enormous market depth and development potential.
Research shows that the security sector is very closely linked to socio-economic activities and production activities, and that the domestic market will be in a more rapid and stable growth period over the next three years as the level of social development in the country rises. In general, with the increase in the level of per capita gdp and social development, the Government and the public will increasingly demand public safety, particularly in the industry.
The security sector is now largely located in the eastern part of the country and is characterized by geographical imbalance. The number of cameras per 1,000 people in the first and second-line cities is much higher than in other cities.
There is still a large gap between the number of video surveillances in our cities and those in the developed world. British and American are the countries with the most dense cameras, and the data show that Britain has about 75 surveillance cameras per 1,000 population, and the United States has an average of 1,000 surveillance cameras per 1,000 population.
Even as high as 96, by contrast, our top camera density in Beijing and Shanghai is 60% of every 1,000 people, with huge market-up space. On the whole, the domestic market is still huge, and our security market is growing rapidly at about 15% per year, and the video security industry is growing year after year.
The rapid expansion of the domestic market is one of the main reasons for the growth of the country’s video surveillance industry. In 2016, our total security market was about $550 billion, the size of the security video market analysed from the perspective of downstream end-users, traditional financial security, energy market saturation, government, transport markets.
Still growing at a rapid pace, with emerging markets such as civil, health, and education maintaining a high rate of growth. Among these areas are the safe cities, smart cities, and civil security.
There is a growing demand for video surveillance and video applications. The construction of smart cities and safe cities is also on the increase.
Cities and towns are booming, and this is a strong guarantee of growth in the video security sector. The rapid growth of civilian security, with authoritative data, shows that the U.S. civilian security coverage is around 50%, while Chinese civilian security is only about 50% of the security market.
11%. On this basis, there is still much room for improvement in the area of civil security. With increased security awareness, increased living standards, and the intelligence of household products, family security and smart homes become important components of civil security.
There's a huge amount of space in the industry, where the civil security market is projected to be 50 billion yuan in size over the next five years, with annual growth rates of 2.2 industries integrated into deep water, video security industry concentration is increasing, and oligopolistic firms are increasingly superior.
In recent years, domestic competition has sprung into deep-water integration. Overall, the threshold for the video surveillance industry will rise.
Small industrial producers have gradually changed their main business in the last two years, and have been pushed out of the security market. And as the intellectualization process moves forward, the impact of software platforms and video algorithms on hardware products will gradually increase, and the integration of hardware and software becomes more evident.
Competition is a huge challenge for small producers, but it is beneficial for companies like Haikang, which are large and integrated in various aspects, to allow companies to integrate markets and industrial chains upstream and downstream while enabling them to take full advantage of their size and take more of their business voice and pricing rights. Foreseeably, future concentration of industries.
It will be further enhanced, and the industrial chain will be highly integrated, and companies that have a whole industry chain layout will take great advantage of the competition, and with the growing control of the big industry, the barbarity of the video security field will be over for a long time, full access to the industrial chain, and integration into the depth of the process. Integration will now be seen in two main ways:
First, the traditional soft and hardware poles go down: the Honewell, Heconway, the Dahua shares, etc., have been cut off into higher value added downstream integration and operation plates, traditional software providers, and so on. It is clear that hardware and software product taps have a large scale and financial advantage, and both R & D, M & D and D will be efficient.
Second, the traditional system integrator has turned up, starting autonomous upstream hardware and software products, such as high-rises, deployment of smart analysis systems, video surveillance platforms: Gato technology, face-to-face recognition of core software technology, and so on.
Most integrated enterprises lack product design genes, and traditional integrated enterprises with large advantages use extended M&As to capture upstream core technologies and competencies, thus remaining competitive in the larger trend towards industrial integration. 2.3 From video to business, business model innovation
In the case of the video security industry chain, its core areas include surveillance product delivery, system integration and engineering, video security operations, etc., with significant variations in value added and development characteristics. Video surveillance products generally include front-end equipment such as cameras, ball sets, back-end equipment such as dvr, dvs, central controls.
. Overall, front-end equipment is more profitable than back-end and video software is higher than hardware. The hardware product is rapidly updated, Maori will continue to go low after a generation of new products is introduced, and there is a need to keep the new security system integrated, i.e., with the aim of building a safe and secure management platform, to integrate the software and hardware products.
The system integration can be a stand-alone system integration project, and it can be included as a subsystem with a higher value added in the overall project integration. In addition to the video surveillance system, the relevant subsystems include a closed-door system, a building-to-house system, a burglar alarm system, a fire-fighting system, a multimedia display system, etc.
That is to say, an engineering builder whose market is larger but less rich and whose value-added is less obvious. And it has a high demand for cash flows, and its core operations include, inter alia, surveillance of security services, alarm operations, product system integration services, cloud data services, etc., one of the largest components of the foreign security market, and the future direction of our security industry.
China’s security services currently account for only about 10% of the security market, and the size of the security services market is more than five times that of the security products market, which means that security services still have much room for development in the country. There are clear new trends in the development of mainstream business models in the industry, and most importantly, video security companies are no longer involved.
Individual surveillance systems have been integrated, starting to move toward project integration and solutionrs. That is, providing a package of options for end-users, from equipment procurement, system integration to project-vimuring, such as safe cities, financial security, educational justice, smart buildings, and so on, thus greatly expanding the market space of the company. The benefits of the solution itself may be more difficult to demonstrate, but it will significantly boost the company's own video.
Second, the range of services operating in the age of smart security has been expanded to a full extent, with access thresholds and added value. On the one hand, big equipment is connected, and operators need to monitor it in real time.
And hardware upgrades, which require operators to have a better management network; on the other hand, end-use applications such as the City of Peace, which involve a huge amount of image information transfer, require professional teams to process and analyse a large amount of raw video data. The traditional after-sales service is no longer likely to meet these new requirements, and operators must improve their integrated hardware management capabilities and software analysis.
Capacity to adapt to industry trends. 2.4 Intelligent security against attack. Three main trends from the perspective of security products are: high-cleaning, intelligence and cloudization, which began in 2016.
Anti-high clearance is a shift from traditional analogue surveillance to high-cleaning video surveillance, which is a part of the market’s early awakening, where the city has achieved an annual high-cleaning penetration rate of more than 50%, with high-cleaning cameras delivering more than mark-up cameras. The significance of high-cleaning is threefold: one is to raise the value of the front end, and the price of high-cleaning cameras is three times the price of the mark, which will be significant.
The video security industry is moving from passivity to intelligence. Surveillance drawings that need to be processed due to the rapid development of the video security industry.
The exponential growth in face, the inefficient and costly use of manual processing, requires smart video analysis techniques to address the fact that smart video originates from computer visual technology and creates a relationship between image and image description, enabling computers to understand the content of video images through digital image processing and analysis, and to automatically analyse and extract key messages from video sources.
In practical terms, smart videos are used primarily in the areas of public security and transport.
Human traffic statistics: The number of people who enter the camera can be used in the area of transport for supermarket mall customers, subways, attractions: analysis of the trajectories and directions of incoming and outgoing vehicles, the identification of which makes it possible to determine whether the target is moving or travelling in an irregular manner.
Loss analysis: By drawing an area on the surveillance screen as a security area where important items are placed, as long as the item leaves the area, the alarm rules will be triggered immediately. Video analysis techniques in the country work well in relatively simple applications, such as electronic police systems, smart cards.
The scale of the market will increase dramatically in the transition from passive surveillance to active surveillance, with a significant increase in the value of safe products, from upstream algorithms, chips, zero-component suppliers, and so on.
There are two ways in which smart analysis products can be implemented: smart algorithms +dsp, which are mainly used in simple analysis settings, and backend pc servers plus smart analysis software, which are superior in terms of processing performance and are generally used in important intelligent analysis settings, due to the need for analysis.
This means that hardware at the end of the product needs to be loaded with algorithms, and big data processing requires a significant increase in chip capacity. In 2016, video security in the country is about $95 billion, and we expect to reach about $170 billion by 2020, with an annual compound increase of 15%.
A number of companies have already begun to deploy the field of smart security, and Heconway has formed a partnership with Nvidia, Movidius and has developed a set of in-depth learning frameworks to be applied to integration programmes in various fields; Dahua shares have partnered with Nvidia to develop the first server product to use telap4gpu worldwide, and continue to launch the cvi standard set:
As intelligent analysis evolves, future cloud platforms will be at the heart of corporate competition. Many firms have begun to lay out a platform that offers a set of products, services and solutions that can produce a complete ecological system, and future cloud platforms can build powerful manufacturers that can even use them free of charge.
This will significantly increase user stickyness, making the platform a solid core of firm competition.
High and new, with a high cloud platform, we'll be able to get a second-scale search of the 1 billion-grade cross-car data.
Proposing operational platforms such as “Word-ViewWeb” and “Roble-Orange” which allow automatic capture, automatic recognition, automatic reporting, oriental networking.
Intelligent cloud retrieval and big data analysis, police, trajectories, etc. Launching bos+ cloud storage products, cutting into data-digging Vcm smart cloud platforms, 10 billion recorded sand-grade searches
As one of the leading domestic security video companies, the stock of the three big players has a huge potential for future growth in terms of size growth and internal efficiency.
3.1 Expeditious growth in overseas markets, where the stockholdings are actively expanding their operations, especially overseas markets, is expected to grow more than three times the size of the overseas video security market, with a global video surveillance market of about 350 billion yuan in 2016.
The current international situation is complex, security needs are rising year by year, security markets are rising year by year, and European security demand is projected to increase rapidly from 3.5 per cent to 13.4 per cent, as predicted by the Homeland Security Research.
In 2016, China’s shares accounted for less than 10% of the global market, with at least double the amount of space available. Overseas business accounted for 37.93% of the company’s total business income in 2016, while overseas market demand remained strong, and companies did not plan to go overseas to account for 50 to 70% of total revenue.
The company will set up more than 30 branches abroad to enhance cooperation with local integration firms through the formation of overseas local marketing teams, and to actively participate in large projects around the country ' s strategy of fine-tuning markets, successfully applied to the Safe Cities in Mexico project, the Rio Olympics in Brazil, and so on, participating in ppps in dozens of countries.
The Bot project and the Hungarian border are moving forward with a project to promote an orderly replication of the solution to the overseas market. Figure 22: Brazil's Rio Olympics project.
3.2 The domestic market channels sink and the layout of the ppp and security services sink. 3.2.1 The domestic market channels sink.
China’s shares have sunk through channels to extend the product lines to civilian micro-clients and tri-line cities, occupying China’s long-tail market. The number of video surveillances varies widely from city to city, with dozens of cameras per 1,000 people in the far north.
In terms of camera density, the number of cameras in the second and third-line cities is much lower. The number of cameras in the second-line cities of the country is 5 to 100,000, while the third-line cities are under 50,000. In terms of camera density, the number of cameras in the second- and third-line cities is much lower than 10 per 1,000, and in some towns it is less than 1 per 1,000.
In May 2015, the CDRC issued nine annual video surveillance packages with the overall objective of achieving 100% coverage in priority public areas by 2020, 100% coverage in new and modified high-resolution cameras, and 100% coverage in key sectors and sectors.
At the same time, there will be a gradual increase in the number of new and modified high-quality cameras. The channel market is a traditional niche market for the shares of the People’s Republic of China.
In-depth improvement and optimization of the entire process of research and development, production, marketing, logistics, and technical support for operational services.
For the next level of the market, the company will steadily implement the downfall of the distribution channels, mainly in the sales network and distribution network. On the one hand, the distribution of small and small items for civilian use will continue to deepen in a segmented industry, while extending the distribution area to three or four-line cities in more than 4,000 counties and 20,000 districts.
3.2.2 Layout ppp Ecology 3.2.2 The current security projects in the market are mainly based on the "bt" model, which is more restrictive than the "bt" model.
For governments, the low rate of repayment and the high fiscal pressure will require large sums of money to be advanced and long-term. The advantage of the ppp model is precisely to compensate for the shortcomings of the traditional bt model. During the initial phase of the project, enterprises participate in the project with the government.
The project, which now stands at $5 billion, focuses on the in-depth application of system solutions in nine industry areas and on the extension of safe cities, smart city ppp innovation models and the location of projects.
The company has now taken over 100-colour projects in Guangxi (880 million), the Xinjiang Shikiko project ($589 million), and the number and size of future projects in Hong Kong ($120 million). The company’s most direct benefit of taking over the ppp project is to expand the market, and the ppp project requires the company to work with the government in depth.
It is possible to establish a stable long-term partnership. After the first acceptance of a project in a given area, it is relatively easy to bid for a project, for example, the company took over three projects from Guangxi Skynet in May 2016, and four months later successfully took over four projects. This has had a significant impact on the company ' s ability to expand its operations.
3.2.3 Full-scale construction of security services, which represent a larger market space downstream of security video products, including, inter alia, surveillance and protection services, alarm services, product system integration services, cloud data services, etc., is one of the largest components of the external security market, from abroad.
According to external data, the market for security services is more than five times the size of the market for security products, but China currently accounts for less than 10% of the market. Therefore, security services are the future development of our security industry.
The company’s market space has been greatly expanded by providing a package of end-users, from equipment procurement, system integration, to project maintenance. Companies have been able to provide a single video surveillance capability, depending on the evolving needs of their clients, from the creation of human, physical, and technical capabilities.
The company is based in Hangzhou and serves the provincial financial system and security priorities (e.g., high-speed, banking, subway, public prosecution, electricity, public transport and high-end customers such as schools and hospitals, as well as international brand shops, marathons, star guards, Hangzhou g20 summit, Beijing 9-3 parades and the “World Internet Congress” in Utun).
Project) provides security protection, fire network alarm services and security and human security services. A new model for security services has been built as part of the “Technology + People + Property + Insurance & Compensation”.
In 2016, at the Hangzhou G20 Summit in China, China provided over 20,000 units/sets of security equipment, 600 specialized technical security/watchmen, and over 2,000 security guards on-site. In the city-level project, China provided a full range of operational services and carried out operations throughout the city. In the area of financial security operations, corporate surveillance centres were connected.
Thirty-six banks have over 4,000 atm/self-help points, thousands of anti-piracy alarm points, and over 3,000 remote fire alarm points, with nearly 100,000 video images. Through smart analysis, video review, filtering of false reports and leaks of intelligence information from the company's autonomous research and development platform.
With less pressure on the police, and more efficient handling of the police. Da Hwa has already doubled revenue and performed better in security operations, and we believe that it is still expected that future operations will continue to be protected by the large market space for security and by the size of the stock holdings themselves.
Figure 26: Da Hwa Security Figure 27: The size and effectiveness of Da Hwa Security
In the foregoing, we have collated data on the comparison of the shares of Heiconway and Da Hwa, and we can see that the shares of the GDR are not only very large in terms of size but also very different in terms of profitability from that of Heiconwei, whose share income is about 2.4, but their net profit ratio is about 4. Thus, the GDR shares are more resilient in terms of profit growth than in terms of income.
The main reasons for China’s relatively weak profitability are two: 1) Heconway sees a stronger scale effect, lower prices for goods from suppliers, lower unit cost, and 2) China’s share has been declining per capita efficiency since 2014.
People, and profits, have grown slower than the number of people since 2014. This has led to higher relative human costs for companies, higher operating costs, management costs, and sales costs than operating income.
This year, the company will focus on managing production efficiency, promoting management change, and implementing a number of management improvement projects. Using a refined management model, it will be quantified into each business, and each production line will be independently tested and improved.
Incentives, focusing on improving per capita effectiveness. According to our calculations, companies with a net interest rate of at least five percentage points are providers and service providers of intelligent goods solutions with video as their core, with technological innovation at their core, with sound, vision, intelligence and control as their development orientation, keeping pace with industry, building on their own advanced technology, and developing their own technology.
Back-end products, optical lenses, asp, smart-to-code applications, etc., companies continue to invest in the fields of object networking, machine visualization, artificial intelligence algorithms. 1) Cloud storage and cloud computing products
In May of this year, at the China International Big Data Industry Fair, the Chinese subsidiary, Hua Orange Technology, under the flag of the Chinese shares, demonstrated its intellectual cloud storage product, and, with its vast access management capacity, its high reliability of video storage, its elastic flow media relay capacity, and its linear expansion, its intelligent analysis capability is favoured. Smart cloud storage breaks the traditional cloud storage product function of monolithic, intelligent water.
For the first time, there has been a high integration of intelligence and storage, a combination of direct broadcasting, on-demand broadcasting, smart play, etc., providing real-time smart analysis of data nodes, supporting real-time video image structure and summary searches, and creating an end-to-end intelligent new experience. The launch of this new product will provide quick and easy data services for industrial applications such as safe cities, public security, large traffic, buildings, etc.
Deep digging for big data values to provide a foundation for rich big data applications. 2) Artificial intelligence products.
Deeply advanced hardware and software research and development capabilities have developed a range of intelligent learning-based products, including front- and back-end human face recognition, traffic alarms, video structure, bi-directional stereo vision and multi-view integration products: the “Wise” series. The “Wise” series is based on in-depth learning algorithms, combining the detection of people, vehicles, objects, and stratification of motion targets.
Class properties, lower video scene requirements, and higher product specifications. With advanced algorithmic capabilities in human face recognition, China is able to build the world’s first-highest publicly available test results from human face testing, feature extraction to human face recognition.
Figure 31: The C.I.P.D. algorithm, which integrates hundreds of high-performance computers, builds an in-depth learning computing cluster, and basically completes the construction of the C.I.D.C.A.C.C.C.C.A.., which is based on in-depth learning, has completed testing and testing of people, vehicles, and objects in the video.
The extraction of properties, performance indicators, international top class; bi-directional stereo vision, multi-sighted panorama vision, free of traditional one-sighted vision limitations in information perception, has been widely applied and accepted by clients; and deep learning-based human face recognition, traffic alarms, video structure and high-density crowd analysis have been successfully applied to front-end cameras, back-end nvr and cloud computing.
In order to meet the needs of clients in the big data age, China has launched a "Show the Sky" video application for industry-wide services, which allows for structured analysis of big view data, extraction of structural markers such as people, vehicles, behaviors, faces, etc.
Signing and positioning information that can be used in the field of transport and security; for example, the Skywatch video application system allows the automatic identification and locking of high-risk vehicles and crowds from large amounts of data to enable the public security and transport sectors to move from passive to active prevention and to improve efficiency; face-to-face identification techniques quickly identify suspicions
Suspects are identified, police officers are quickly re-routed and suspect targets are targeted. 6) Security drone companies respond to industry developments, build the smarts network industry, build the entire supply chain eco-circle, and build modern intelligence.
This year, it has become operational; it has set up a holding company, China Flying Technology, for the development and production of commercial drones, mainly for the purposes of public security investigation, border surveillance, forest protection, etc. The products have been placed on the market last year.
Sub-products show that the front-end video industry is growing faster, with companies growing at no less than 35% in the previous three years, and we expect that the end-end video product will grow at a rate of 25% in the future, with the Māori rate rising gradually. The digital remote image surveillance system is gradually growing faster than the industry is expected; the company’s ppp business is expanding or not expanding.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.