China shares (002236.sz) performed well in 2016, and the new product business is worth looking forward to, including taxes, no red shares, and no capital pool transfers to equity.
This trend has continued over the years, with business earnings and net profits rising by 32.3 per cent and 33.0 per cent, respectively, as a result of improved sector market demand and continued growth in corporate product innovation and business innovation. The gradual improvement in the competitive market environment and the increased effectiveness of firms in cost management have led to a return to growth in their performance.
Māori rates have improved and continue to expand to increase the cost rate: company Māori rates increased by 0.5 percentage points in the same year in 2016 to 37.7%, industrial market stability and company control over costs are the main reasons for the increase in Māori rates.
Interest rate rises, while the Māori rate of innovative business decreases. Companies’ management, sales and treasury rates rose by 1.5, 1.0 and 0.3 percentage points, respectively, and business transformation still needed to be cost-effective.
Future development strategies and business plans: a company’s long-term development strategy is to become a provider and service provider of video-centred smartness networking solutions based on traditional security video surveillance markets.
X. Specific implementation plans for 2017 include: 1) recognition of municipal and industry-level shares around customer demand: three quarters of business progress, performance maintenance and business demand in the civil consumer market, and improved demand for product, solution and operational services;
2) Strengthening the regulatory order and integration of channels and civil markets, on-line, off-line, and supply chains, and China ' s shareholdings: the medium-term performance shows a transformational effect, while using the capacity of the Orange Clouds to build eco-cologic cloud systems to provide better experience for clients;)
Further expansion of the organizational and business modules abroad, orderly advancement of overseas branches, gradual expansion of China's shares: an increase of nearly 50 per cent in the annual report, a doubling of profits, a pre-operational preponderance, and continued enhancement of its own branding.
The stockholdings: Four-quarter performances drive growth throughout the year. The stockholdings: Three-quarters growth recovery, and competitive pressures from the anticipated transformation of enterprises; and there is a risk of product substitution for technological upgrading.
The company ' s sales revenue in 2016 increased rapidly by 32.3 per cent to $13.33 billion, with a Māori rate of 37.7 per cent, an increase of 31.3 per cent over the previous market for secure video surveillance products, while combining video technology with information and communications technology, digital technology, and promoting the expansion of products and applications such as artificial intelligence, video cloud, etc., and thus pushing orders.
Growth, an improved competitive environment in the industrial market and an improved management capacity of companies have contributed to increased corporate profitability. (i) Sustained and rapid growth in net revenue in 2016
Markets for controlled products have benefited from the development of industry markets, which have been effectively raised by orders, and have combined video technology with information and communications technology, digital technology, etc., to promote the expansion of products and applications such as artificial intelligence, video clouds, etc.
The company ' s Māori rate was 37.7 per cent for the year 2016, an increase of 0.5 percentage points for the year, a small recovery in its profitability over the year, and a decrease in competitive pressures in the industry market. The company ' s management and sales rates increased by 1.5 and 1.0 percentage points respectively over the year, with a sustained increase in investment in operations and a 0.3 percentage point increase in financial costs over the same year.
The turnover of corporate accounts receivable in 2016 was 155 days, increasing for the third consecutive year, and was stable as the period of the company ' s transition from a product supplier to a video technology solution supplier increased, with 50 days of inventory turnover and 1.1 and 0.2 percentage points, respectively, in the accounts payable year Roe and Roa, which decreased by 22.2 and 11.8 per cent, respectively.
Income and solvency remain reliable. (ii) The positive effects of the quarter of 2016 have been sustained and profitability has improved. Companies achieved operating income of $5.36 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016, an increase of 26.2 per cent over the same period, attributable to net gains on shareholders in listed companies.
Roughly $760 million, an increase of 23.6 per cent over the same period, and the company ' s operating income and net profit growth in the fourth quarter were lower than the overall annual level, with income and net profit in the fourth quarter being by far the highest throughout the year, the main factor contributing to the lower rate of increase being the higher base in the fourth quarter of 2015, with the company starting the recovery cycle in the second half of 2015.
Figure 9: Business income and growth over the past 12 quarters Figure 10: Net profit and growth over the last 12 quarters 36.5 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2016, an increase of 0.6 percentage points in the same year, cost of sales, management
In the product segment, income from the front and back-end products of the company's traditional video surveillance has grown steadily, the Māori rate has benefited from improvements in the competitive environment and improved cost-control capabilities of the industry, and revenue from innovative operations has increased at a significant rate, with a similar level of profitability.
In terms of market sales, the growth rate in overseas markets has slowed but still stands at 37.9 per cent (i) there is a steady increase in traditional business performance, and it will take time to expand income and profitability of new products.
The company’s business segments include front-ends, back-ends, remote image monitoring, and other security products, while the revenue from the traditional front-end and back-end products of video surveillance increased by 37.2% and 22.8% on a year-on-year basis, still accounting for the largest share. Other business revenues include cloud storage and cloud computing, artificial intelligence, big data applications, building intelligence, etc.
Rapid growth has been achieved, gradually accounting for a significant share. With regard to product breakdowns, the Māori rate for traditional corporate products has recovered, the Māori rate for front-end and back-end products for security video surveillance has risen by 2.7 and 3.8 percentage points, respectively, to 42.5 and 41.2 per cent, and the competitive environment for industry markets has improved and the public has improved.
The increase in the Division’s cost-control capacity has led to an increase in the Māori rate for corporate products. The Māori rate for remote image surveillance, other security products and other industries has fallen by 16.4, 1.9 and 0.5 percentage points, respectively, to 34.6, 8.4 and 11.8%.
(ii) The steady growth of the domestic market and the slowdown in the growth of overseas Māori operations The gross domestic market sales revenue of companies in 2016 was $8.27 billion, representing 62.1 per cent of total sales revenue, a decline in the same year The domestic market revenue increased by 28.2 per cent, the pace of growth slowed somewhat, and the expansion of the channels for new products in the domestic market still needed some time
While still at 39.6 per cent, the growth rate of overseas market revenues has stabilized over the past three years as the base size has grown, while overseas markets have benefited from favourable exchange rates and have experienced a steady increase. (iii) Future development strategies and business plans: video-centric object-networked solutions
Based on traditional security video surveillance markets, companies build products, solutions and operational services that fully cover urban, industry and civilian consumer markets, while promoting the development of core technologies such as video clouds, artificial intelligence, chips, etc., gradually becoming suppliers and service providers of video-based smart-link solutions. The company’s planning priorities for 2017 include:
The company will enhance overall market and R & D system understanding and analysis of customer business needs, identify business needs at the city, industry and civil \triangleright consumer markets, improve the shift of demand to products, solutions and operational services, and in specific projects,
To strengthen the regulatory order of channel markets and civil markets, to strengthen the integration of online, offline, and supply chains, and to use the capacity of the orange cloud to construct the conglomerate ecological cloud system to provide clients with a better experience.
Further expansion of organizational and business modules overseas, orderly advancement of overseas branches, progressive pre-operation and continued enhancement of self-owned branding, while integrating products, solutions and using multiple business models to steadily advance cities
(c) Domestic market demand is affected by changes in orders from Governments and State-owned enterprises; overseas markets are under competitive pressure from other export firms;
Technical updates present a risk of product substitution.