Ddr5 is starting up and research and development for new products is progressing well The incident company issued its annual report 2021 and its quarterly report 2022.1 The company ' s performance has increased significantly and the Māori rate has fallen slightly in 2021
Operating income of $2.56 billion, an increase of 40.5 per cent over the same period, achieved a net return of $830 million, a decrease of 24.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a decline in the price of the ddr4 memory interface chip into the product ' s life cycle, while the ddr5-related product was officially produced at 2021q4
The net profit of $310 million, an increase of 128.2% over the same period, is in line with market expectations. The large increase in revenue and profits is mainly due to the rapid release of the ddr5 memory interface chip from the company ' s tdr5 memory interface, which is mainly due to an increase in the income of the dddr5 memory module package, which leads to interconnectivity.
The average Māori rate for chip lines has declined, and in the future, as the ddr5 penetration rises, we believe that corporate performance will continue to grow rapidly.
The business income of the company ' s interconnection chip line was $575 million, an increase of 94 per cent, a 60.45 per cent Maori rate and a 8.78 pt decline in the ring, mainly because the ddr5 memory matrix is a product developed by the company and its partners and the Māori rate is lower than the RAM rate.
The interface chip, with its rising income ratio, has reduced the average Māori rate of the interconnected chip product line. 2021q1 captures server platform products at $325 million, a 99-fold increase over the same period the previous year, with Māori at 12.44 per cent and ring at 3.33 pt.
The company ' s capture server platform product has been widely applied to downstream industries such as finance, energy, government, transport, data centres and smart cities, and the company ' s association with Intel increased to 2.5 billion yuan in 2022, indicating a strong downstream demand.
The first-generation memory interface chip and memory module packages were developed and the output volume started at 2021q4 and the ddr5-generation memory interface chip completed the project and the slide of the sample began to be evaluated by the client.
The chip has completed the project sample and the test evaluation, and it has started sending samples to clients and partners for interoperability testing. The company's ai chip has completed the logical planning, system integration and validation of the main subsystems, and is expected to complete the first generation of the slides by 2022.
Development and design of new products, including ckd chip, mcrrcd/db chip, mxc chip, are initiated, and the factory sample chip is expected to be completed by the end of 2022 and the volume development in 2023.
The investment proposal will benefit from the official output of the ddr5 memory interface chip, as well as the future penetration rate, the continued growth of the ZP platform products, and the roll-out of new company products, and the company ' s future performance will continue to grow rapidly. We expect the company to achieve a battalion in 2022-2024.
The net profit of 14.5, 21.3 and 2.86 billion yuan was realized, representing an increase of 74.7 per cent, 46.9 per cent, and I undertook to present this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, and former employment in the Department of Securities and Securities in Beijing. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of the electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. Doctor of Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Science, People ' s University of China, and Bachelor of Science in Economics, Tianjin University of China.
The Institute of Diplomats, which specializes in electronics, science and technology, was a member of the Space Science and Technology Group.