The company's performance is expected to reverse, and it is expected to increase downstream. Global potassium fertilizer broke down in 2013 in the industrial union, associated dragons.
After more than four years of shuffling, production was stabilized, with demand rising at an average annual rate of 3%. In addition, the global economic recovery, rising oil prices, and a backlash on food prices helped further.
Potash and agrium are expected to merge in 2018, and new patterns in the industry are expected to emerge. Potassium fertilizer prices are rising gradually in the face of a steady increase in downstream demand, limited expansion of the industry, and the price of domestic potassium chloride plants rose from 1870 to 2150 tons in August 1717.
On December 27, 17, 17, the company announced 50,000 tonnes/year of electricity. The pool-grade lithium carbonate project has received a notification from the Economics and Informatization Committee of Qinghai Province, including the construction of a new 30,000 tonnes of battery-grade lithium from Salt Lake Biadi (49.50% of the company's holdings).
Project, with a total investment of $4.85 billion; expansion of the 20,000 tonnes/year battery-grade lithium carbonate project to a total investment of 3.33 billion, based on the existing 10,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate in the Blue Lithium industry (companied equity of 51.42%), with a total increase in the size of the lithium carbonate device in the post-partum industry to 30,000 tonnes/year.
With a 12-month high/minimum net gain of nearly $60,000, a new productive capacity will be an important profit growth point. On the basis of the capacity of 60,000 tons, the price of lithium carbonate will rise by 10,000 yuan/ton, and the net profit from the company will increase by 194 million yuan.
There are obvious synergies around the continuous layout of potassium and lithium. The company, based on its own advantages, uses potassium fertilizer to produce lithium carbonate from the old halogium of potassium to achieve efficient resource allocation. In addition, the company continues to deploy a combination of salt lake resources such as magnesium integration.
The company benefits from the potassium fertilizer industry's heating and lithium carbonate discharges, and is expected to reverse its performance. For the first time, coverage is given, with an “enhanced” rating. First, the company is the leader of the country's potassium fertilizer industry.
Salt Lake shares are the country’s potassium-fat locomotives company, with 5 million tonnes/year capacity for potassium chloride. Corporate business earnings have remained stable in recent years, and net profits have declined considerably in recent years, mainly as a result of the continued decline in potassium-fat prices beginning in 2011 and the fact that companies have been able to maintain a stable operating income by increasing sales and opening up other businesses.
The company’s performance has also been significantly affected by the high level of depreciation, amortization and financial costs, as well as the non-restoration of installations for the Heiners from the February accident until the third quarter.
Potassium fertilizers are part of the resource-development industry, with a high concentration of upstream resources and productive capacity, with a pattern of bourgeois monopolies, with a rising share of economic crops, including wheat, rice, maize and soybean crops, fruits, vegetables, and oil palm sugar cane, downstream, and a projected annual increase of about 3 per cent in demand in the potassium fertilizer sector, benefiting from global population growth and rising consumption.
For a long time, the international potassium fertilizer market has been monopolized and controlled by two major potassium fertilizer marketing unions, namely, canpotex in North America and bpc in Eastern Europe. Canpotex is co-organized by the three major producers of potassium fertilizer in North America, Potashcorp in Canada, Agrium in Canada and Mercic in the United States; bpc by Ural in Russia.
While international potassium fertilizer supply is adequate, the two alliances have maintained the prosperity of the potassium fertilizer market through strategies such as production-limits insurance. On 30 July 2013, the second largest potassium fertilizer producer in the world, the Russian company Ural Potassium Fertilizer, announced that
The bpc exits, the world’s second largest potassium fertilizer marketing union breaks down, and potassium fertilizer prices drop sharply by 50 to 200 US dollars per ton. China’s potassium fertilizer industry is in a weak position worldwide in terms of potassium salt, industry size, and product quality.
The production of potassium chemical production has been increasing, with a total capacity of 9.5 million tons, of which salt lakes (5 million tons) and Tibetan holdings (2 million tons) account for more than 70 per cent. In recent years, the domestic production capacity has been used more than 90 per cent, and import dependence has been gradually reduced to about 40 per cent. Each year, the Chinese potassium fertilizer negotiating team, made up of China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, agreed on a contract price with Canpotex, bpc, for the second half of the year.
The same price will determine the price hub for potassium fertilizer in the domestic market, and the domestic potassium-fat-head business will be fine-tuned to short-term market supply and demand. Against the backdrop of the global economic recovery and a backlash in food prices, competition patterns continue to optimize in the potassium-fertilized sector, with the cost of potassium-fertilized plants rising from $1870/tonne in August 17 to the current price of $2150/t.
On 27 July, the United States Federal Trade Commission approved the merger plan for Potash and agrium, and the two companies indicated that the deal was expected to end on 1 January 2018 and that a new industry pattern was expected to emerge. On 13 July 2017, a joint negotiating group led by China-China ' s agricultural holdings agreed with the supplier, Ural Potassium Fertilizer, on a 2017 contract for the import of potassium fertilizer, with a price set at cfr.
The price of potassium fertilizer is expected to rise gradually when downstream demand is warming and industry expansion is limited. Lithium carbonate is performing with great elasticity, opening up room for growth.
Ten thousand, based on a single-car ratio of lithium carbonate at 50 kgg, will require 200,000 tons of additional lithium carbonate, and demand from the industry will grow rapidly over the next three years. On the supply side of the industry, the supply side is expected to continue to tighten supply and demand patterns in the industry over the next three years, owing to the lack of easy production of lithium mines, restrictions on the expansion of lithium from salt lakes and restrictions on potassium fertilizer, and limited industrial growth.
The art is complex and requires significant energy and acids to be consumed in the process, and the equipment corrosion is severe. Lithium from salt lakes is mainly extracted from salt lake halogen, pure, simple, low-energy, low-cost, but higher-than-magnesium ratio and acillary requirements. According to industry data for 2014, lithium silicon is used as a feedstock for the production of lithium carbonate at a cost of approximately 27,000 yuan per ton, and lithium from salt lakes at a cost of 15,000 yuan per ton.
The relatively high ratio of magnesium to the salt lake region is not well matched, and the ores are currently the main extraction process in the country. However, our ore raw materials are imported mainly from Australia, the supply of which is unstable, limiting capacity utilization and the cost is higher than the cost of lithium from salt lakes, and it is expected that in the future the share of new capacity in the production of salt lake lithium will increase.
On December 27, 2017, the salt lake shares announced 50,000 tonnes/year battery-grade lithium carbonate project, which has received a notification from the Economics and Informationization Committee of Qinghai Province. This includes, among other things, the construction of a new 30,000 tonnes/year battery-grade lithium carbonate project in Salt Lake Biadi (49.50% of the company holdings), with a total investment of 484.98 million yuan; and the expansion of the existing 10,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate devices in the Blueco lithium industry (51.42% of the company holdings).
A conservative estimate of the full cost of a single ton is $50,000 per ton, a single ton net gain of $587,000 per ton based on the company’s current tax price. An analysis of the company’s performance sensitivity to the price and volume of lithium carbonate shows that the price of lithium carbonate is raised by $194 million per ton per ton per ton per ton of production, and the net profit of the company is increased by $0.07 million per ton per ton per ton.
The risk of delayed progress in the construction of lithium from the salt lake is not as high as expected.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report