q4 net gains are growing rapidly, and performance is returning significantly on a quarterly basis.
The increase in the Māori rate of Huang Soo Yo q4 is evident, and the client growth has been effective. In 2020, the company’s main business achieved $88,731 million in revenue, a 3.6 per cent decrease in the same year, while the functional business achieved $24,227 million in revenue.
In the second half of 2020, it benefited from a steady economic recovery and from local government policies to promote car consumption, as well as from a rapid rebound in the domestic car market. The company, 2020q1, achieved a revenue of 24 billion yuan, a decline of 33%, and a net profit of 135 million yuan.
In response to new energy trends, smart electricization is accelerating down. Companies actively deploy new energy vehicles, nuclear core parts and components of the industry.
Vehicle type; second-generation smart cabins, developed autonomously for long-flash accessories, have been widely shut down by domestic and international customers for new core parts and components of energy vehicles. Continued internationalization of core business. Global layout capability for auto parts and components enterprises
Competitiveness is essential. Companies now have an autonomous R & D capacity that is more internationally competitive in such operations as car interiors, lighting, lightly quantified aluminium casting, oil tank systems, etc., and are gradually beginning to expand the global market rating system’s “market index” reference of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.