The Chinese automobiles are expected to return to growth, the electric intelligence sector is promising, the domestic motor vehicle industry has been warming since last May and is expected to grow rapidly in 2021; the up-morning is expected to increase rapidly.
Both joint ventures and autonomous brands have multiple new cars, and sales are expected to warm back and help companies perform better. The company is well placed in power-drive systems, and has obtained orders from the general public for meb and exports.
The future is expected to benefit from the meb-type hot market. In terms of intelligence, companies cut into the market through a millimetre-wave radar, have achieved bulk supply, and are working with the public, Odie, BMW, and whole-of-car customers to develop the next generation of smart cabin systems. The future looks good for the company every year from 2020 to 2022.
Uploading is expected to return to growth and help the company to improve its performance. The upper steam group is the company’s main customer, selling 5.6 million vehicles in 2020, down 10.2% from the previous year, and is expected to be a bit of a drag on the company’s performance.
In the hope of easing, the sale of the Pasa Principal model has gradually recovered, with a popular cycle of new products beginning in 2021, with multiple mebs like id.4 going on the market, continuing the flight, power, etc., with a low price of $250,000, which is expected to boost the sale of the car.
There is a consensus on the marketing and service model, and the upper Odido model will be sold on a continuous basis in 2022. In addition, the uplift generalized sales have recovered well, the uplifting vehicle brands have combined domestic and foreign power, and the new energy model continues to be sold, such as Mitsubishi.
It is expected that the year will see a rapid increase in the volume of upper-mortex sales, and the company’s performance will improve. Powered layouts are perfect, and they are expected to benefit from popular meb thermal sales.
The power-driven system that is attached to the MEB project of the Mass Motors Global Motors Platform has been built up in Shanghai and produced and shipped to Europe in bulk, covering a total of id.4, pure electric 4-tron and Skell Daenyaqiv, which will be followed by a mass-adding plant and a large-breathing car.
In January 2021, the Volkswagen id.4 was opened for sale, with an additional two id models expected to be on the market during the year. The company is expected to be the main supplier of core components, such as power-drive systems, with a higher value of the packages, which are expected to benefit from the sale of the meb-type heat.
The future looks good with the GSM platform supported by power-drivers. The millimetre-wave radar delivers the bulk, the smart cabin secures the future. The company cuts through the millimetre-wave radar into the smart driving market, breaking through the core of 24ghz, 77ghz and 79ghz-mm radar.
The technology programme of 1 r1v, which integrates millimetre wave radars and cameras, accelerates production. The smartness of the cabin is the future direction, the technology content and value is higher, the company and the larger.
The next generation of smart seating systems, developed in collaboration with the entire customer community, Audi, BMW, and onboard vehicles, is expected to take full advantage of the company’s advantages and future prospects in the interior.
Continued Optimization 20200827. Automobiles in China: Performance is largely in line with expectations, smart electric assets 1) automobile sales fall short of expectations; 2) products are significantly lower prices; 3) costs such as raw materials rise.
China Motors: Strong Performance, Smart Electric Space, Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.