The recovery in civil aviation demand and the rise in corporate activity was significantly reduced throughout the year. China East Air disclosed 2023 annual reports. China East Air disclosed 2023 annual reports, and business income was $11,374 million a year, a year-on-year increase.
145.6 per cent long, resulting in a net return profit of $8.170 billion, a decline of $29.19 billion in the same year; significant recovery in traffic and passenger occupancy, with a marked increase in revenue over the same period; gradual recovery of the civil aviation industry from the downside to normal operations in 2023; and a return to business as a major airline.
Revenues have all grown significantly. In 2023, the volume of company business recovered significantly, adding to the low base of the Shanghai market in 2022, and company business data grew significantly on a year-on-year basis, ask24.5 billion on prices, a recovery in domestic market demand, a marked increase in company prices on a year-on-year basis, while international prices rose significantly.
In 2023, as a result of the recovery of civil aviation passenger flows, the company received $10,458 million in passenger revenue, an increase of 198.8 per cent;
• Significant cost increases with the resumption of business, with company operating costs of $11,246 million in 2023, an increase of 50.8 per cent in the same year, with the combined effect of higher use of oil and lower prices of aviation oil,
In terms of non-oil costs, the company could become a primer as a result of a significant recovery in business. The non-oil cost was 71.36 billion yuan, an increase of 36.3 per cent over the same period.
The cost rate has been reduced, with significant annual losses in 2023 due to a return to normality of company operations, significant recovery of revenue, a synchronized recovery of sales costs, management, basic stability of R & D costs and a reduction in financial costs due to reduced exchange losses.
Significant increases in income resulted in a marked decline in all cost rates, with sales, management, R & D, financial costs of 3.79 per cent, 3.09 per cent, 0.24 per cent, 5.75 per cent, respectively, falling by the same year, in other reporting lines, except for those resulting from the increase in subsidized income due to the increase in business volume.
The passenger operations of the Division recovered steadily, but as a result of the lack of a season’s spring movement and the fall in demand during the rest of the year, there was a significant loss throughout the year, but not yet a profit. The civil aviation industry is expected to recover further in 2024, with the major aviation forces being brought in to maintain the stock.
With the macroeconomic downturn, civil aviation demand has recovered less than expected, oil prices have continued to rise, and exchange rates have been devalued.
China's East China Air reported annual revenues of $11,374 million in 2023, an increase of 145.6 per cent over the year, and net return profits of $8,170 million, a decrease of $29,190 million over the year.2 The volume of shipments and passenger occupancy rates have recovered significantly, with a marked increase in revenue over the year
In 2023, the civil aviation industry gradually moved out of the valley and returned to normal operations, leading to a significant increase in the operating revenues of major airlines. In 2023, the business of companies recovered significantly, adding to the low base of the Shanghai market in 2022, the company’s business data were higher than in the previous year, domestic market demand recovered and the company’s prices increased significantly, while international and regional markets recovered as a result of transport inputs.
In terms of revenue, by branch of operations, as a result of the recovery of civil air traffic, the company's passenger revenue was $10,458 million, an increase of 198.8 per cent over the same period;
Figure 4: China’s East Air Rpk and the same rate of increase
The combined effect of the increase in oil volume and the fall in the price of seagoing oil, at a cost of $4.110 billion, an increase of 84.9 per cent, per unit of ask oil output, a decrease of $0.1678 per cent, a decrease of 27.4 per cent over the same period, was that non-oil costs, which could be significantly increased by companies as a result of a significant resumption of operations, at a non-oil cost of $71.36 billion, were the same.
This represents an increase of 36.3 per cent and a decrease of 46.5 per cent in unit ask non-oil costs of $0.2913.
Figure 9: Non-oil costs for China’s East China Air, 4 reduced cost rates and significant annual losses
Financial costs have been reduced by a reduction in exchange losses. As a result of a significant increase in income, the rates have decreased significantly, with sales, management, R & D, financial costs having decreased by 3.79 per cent, 3.09 per cent, 0.24 per cent and 5.75 per cent, respectively, for the year as a whole, a decrease of 1.10 pct and other reporting lines, respectively, except in the amount of $1.75 billion in other corporate gains resulting from an increase in subsidized income as a result of an increase in business volume.
As of 2023, the company’s passenger operations recovered steadily, but, owing to the lack of a season’s spring movement and the fall in demand during the rest of the year, there was a significant loss throughout the year, but no profit has yet been realized.
Figure 12: Other earnings from China’s East China Air 5 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations The country’s civil aviation industry is expected to recover further in 2024 with the introduction of major aviation forces to exercise restraint, and further rehabilitation of international lines
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.