The U.S. Cobalt Industry (603799) non-ferrous metal net profit ring rises, focusing on the recovery point of the start-up rate, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company published a single quarterly report in 2023, with 23q1 earning 19.11 billion yuan, compared with 45 per cent, ring + 33 per cent; net profit on maternity was 1.02 billion yuan, compared with 15 per cent, ring + 14 per cent; accelerated growth on non-mortality of new energy sources and ex-remotive operations was achieved, with a significant increase in the Māori rate.
The sale of materials was 89,000 tons + 57% of the same year; of these, the total volume of material shipped out was 80 million tons, or 69% of the same year; 66,000 tons, or 83%, of high nickel originating in 8 and 9 years of age and above; and the volume of ultra-high nickel coming out of 9 and above is expected to increase steadily. In addition, the sale of 99,000 tons (including self-supply) of pre-drawn materials was +43% of the same year.
The ratio of high nickel products to high nickel positives has risen steadily. 23q1. The sales of corporate orthodoxy material products have increased by the same amount, contributing to a major increase in operating income. Prices: in 2022, the average price of corporate orthodoxy materials was 256,000 yuan per ton, and the average cost of pre-dation drivers was 117,000 yuan per ton.
Given the current decline in profits per carbon unit of about RMB 0.2 million per ton, or a certain drag on the profitability of the company. Clients open up: In 2023, companies signed an investment memorandum of understanding with poscofuturem, lg chemistry, etc.
It is proposed to invest in the establishment of pre-drilling plants and their raw materials in Korea to further internationalization of production capacity, which will contribute to the sound development of resource operations and provide protection for integration. 45,000 tons of nickel metal in high ice from Huako Corporation.
The mining smelting project was well under way, as planned, with the pre-implementation of the 120,000-ton nickel-metallurgical nickel-rich nickel-metallurgical smelting project and the pomalaa wet smelting project in Huashan, and the rapid construction of the rcadia lithium mining project in Zimbabwe, where the 23q1 project was officially tested and successfully produced the first product. In addition, the company was active in the layout of the first product.
Lithium battery recycling operations, the subsidiaries of Hua Yuzhou, resource regeneration and Jiang Suhua friends have entered the “White List for Recycling” of the Ministry of Industry and Communications. With the first large-scale decommissioning of lithium batteries in the next three years, lithium electricity recovery operations are expected to be another growth pole for the company.
The price of copper-cobalt products has fallen, causing a certain level of performance. Copper: since 22h2, lme copper prices have been historically high in recent years, leading to a significant decline in the Māori rate of corporate copper products. In 2022, the Māori ratio of corporate copper products was the same as in recent years, with the trend towards high nickelification and non-cobaltification of lithium batteries, and a weak consumer electronics market, with cobalt requirements.
1. Cobalt industry (603799): focusing on the three-dollar integrated layout, increased profitability of cobalt nickel products Māori for cobalt products - 5.2 pp - 36.3 per cent 23q1 mb standard cobalt at an average cost of $17.0/lb, ring
Rights incentives + employee ownership guides long-term growth that continues to grow year-round and maintains a “buy-in” rating. Sexual risk, managing risk, transnational venture risk, and downstream demand are less than expected.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company's sub-operational income for 2023-2025 as follows:
In a comprehensive consideration of the scope of operations, four companies listed in the lithium battery industry were selected as a reference for the valuation, among which the promotion technology and the China-China shares were leading in the triad orthodoxy industry, which has been nationalized, larger and multi-grade coverage; Green America was dedicated to the ring business, which is growing up against the label companies in the future; and the Ninder era was a downstream leader and important customer, symbolizing the growth of the industry.
Table 2: Levels of comparable corporate valuations. As companies become increasingly integrated in the future, they are able to move out of the sea and see further elasticity at the profit end release and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.