ul ecurities Centre for Research on Innovation Technologies and Business Services
Bialdi Electronics (00285.hk) Focused on the precision of smart hardware, its thick and thin hair, and its distance from 20 years of development, from zero components to assembly, the company has become the world's leading smart hardware.
Precision manufacturing platform-type companies. At the heart of precision manufacturing is control over the public sector. Through continuous research and development inputs, companies have a strong advantage in “material technology, model design, automation.” The first pmh technology in the 3g era started the era of metal cellular phones, and in 2017 they developed their own heat-blowing equipment.
Successfully broke through 3d glass manufacturing, cutting into a customer core product assembly business in late 2019. No outlook. We believe that short-terma client orders contribute to the company’s incremental performance, and that the company has much to offer in the long run in terms of smart hardware such as electric smoke, drones, iot, etc.
Andre clients: downstream demand is stable and glass operations are growing rapidly. 1) The company is the absolute leader of the metal structure, accounting for more than 40% of the market share of the metal frame, and is expected to maintain stable demand in the future. 2) Benefit 5g+wire charge extension and glass cover penetration continues to increase. The company successfully breached 3d in 2017.
Glass manufacturing, which is currently low and growing rapidly.a Clients: ipad orders in 2021, contributing to major income growth. In late 2019, companies cut into a customer core product, the ipad supply chain, and expected ipad assembly contribution from 2020-2022
10, 40, 60 billion yuan. Despite the low profitability of the ipad assembly business (only 0.7% net interest rate on the main power provider ' s Jinbao computer in 2019), the profit rate is expected to continue to rise in the future, considering that the company has a full-scale program of metal, glass, and ceramic structures, which will be accompanied by progress in the structure business.
New smart products: e-smoking, drone operations are expected to grow rapidly. 1) The advantage of e-smoking is high, with market demand projected to exceed trillion yuan in 2024 and five years of cagr over 27%. 2020 company e-smoking patents, accompanied by more big customers in the future, are expected to double the growth of e-smoking operations. 2)
In 2024, the world's civilian drone needs are expected to reach $32 billion, and in five years, more than 60 per cent of the cagr, the company is working with the industry's leading drones.
Liu Yeon-sue Risks: Repeated outbreaks, increased competition in the industry, expansion of large clients, less than expected exposure to masks, electronics, Dun Xiao Road
I. The leading global smart manufacturing platform company, 1.1 the leading global smart manufacturing platform company, which entered a new phase of growth in 2020.
Listed in Hong Kong in 2007, it is now the world’s leading platform-based electronics manufacturer. 2004-2012: Companies cut into cellular assembly operations, receiving 360 million from 2004, asking clients to be the functional-era kings of Nokia, Motorola.
Impact, companies ' revenue and profits in 2011 and 2012 continued to decline. 2013-2019: In 2013, companies successfully developed plastics and metal blending technologies (pmh) to significantly improve signal reception levels for metal components while increasing their appearance.
In 2017, the company started to create 3d glass heat bending equipment that could be softened automatically, producing 3d glass volume; in 2019, the company obtained 3d glass.
A large sum of orders for the assembly of small rice in the top ten factories of the world’s ems (electronic manufacturing services). Corporate revenues jumped from $16.1 billion in 2013 to $53 billion in 2019, and revenues reached 22%.
The net return jumped from 650 million yuan in 2013 to 1.6 billion yuan in 2019, with 16 per cent performance. 2020: companies successfully cut into a customer ' s ipad assembly supply chain and released it successfully, with 16 per cent performance.
The company’s share in the apple supply chain has gradually increased, the zero component business has expanded successfully, and the Apple business has injected new growth momentum into the company. In addition, the company’s active deployment of new and emerging business such as electronic smoke, drones, smart homes, and car smart systems in recent years will also contribute to the company’s growth.
During the 2020 epidemic, the company responded quickly, started mask production, and h1 medical products contributed $8.6 billion to the public administration. The company earned $51.5 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 34 per cent, and the mother's performance was $4.34 billion, an increase of 187 per cent.
Self-designed manufacturing is soft enough to be ipad assembly for the Biadi electron from the point of view.
The layout of the phone odm, the first home in the mainland to be made sexually automatically.
The mmi rate the global Yadi shares split and one of the clients
3d glass heat bending equipment; out, top ten of the ems manufacturers in Hong Kong
He's got the whole pottery process, the auto smart system, and he's bringing it to Andre.
The only thing in the world that can do this is to develop the pmh technology.
The cylindrical and modular sectors are the first to release the radiink of the metal.
♪ To be a walnut, a nano-plastic machine designed for manufacturing solutions ♪
The future growth of corporate income is based on a client, a new smart product, and a rapid increase. 1) The company industry covers parts and components of mobile pens, assembly of cell phones, new smart products, steam.
In 2019, the ratio of company spare parts, assembly, new smart products, and automobile smart systems was 35%, 51%, 11%, and 3%. In 2020, the company responded positively to the new crown epidemic, the department responded quickly, adding new medical products (mainly masks) and contributed $8.6 billion in 2020.
27%. 2) Looking ahead, we think that the growth of the company's future mobile phone pen business will be driven by the rapid deployment of a customer's business, the rapid growth of demand for new smart products (electronic smoke, drones, etc.), and automobile intelligence and the benefit of the system.
▪ The company’s profitability has increased considerably as a result of the significant growth in new smart products, medical protection products, and corporate profitability. Corporate Roe has fluctuated from 10% to 10% over the past 10 years, net interest rates have fluctuated from 4% to 4%, and the Māori rate has increased significantly in corporate profitability, reaching 13% for h1 and 8% for 2020.
Figure 7: Net interest rates on corporate sales and greater volatility of the gross gross profit rate
The turnover of accounts receivable was 1.96 and 6.31 times, respectively, historicly high, indicating a return of hundreds of millions of dollars, with R & D rates of 3.9 per cent, and nearly a decade higher. Compared to comparable companies, R & D rates are much higher than those of metal-structured units, which can be made up of technology, industrial wealth, and much higher than those of assembled companies, Honghai and Inbao.
By the second quarter of 2019, the company had a team of more than 12,000 engineers, with a cumulative total of 8281 applications and 6280 authorized.
Ceramic whole series of structures and whole-of-the-board design manufacturing capacity, continuous promotion of the vertical integration strategy of "parts and components plus assembly" and successful construction of vertically integrated platform-type enterprises, synergies in components and assembly operations are evident, cost advantages are significant, with customers covering mainstream Andre brand manufacturers both domestically and internationally.
Metals Structures: 1) In 2019, the company accounted for 40% of the global Andre metal cellular market, with more than 30,000 sets of core processing equipment in the forefront of the industry. 2) Acquainted with core technologies such as pmh nano-recording, vacuum casting, high photooxidation, nanocolour, product quality rows.
Pmh technology refers to the introduction of high-molecular material solubility on the surface of the metal, the seamless integration of metals and plastics, the perfect solution to the antenna problem of cellular metal casings, the creation of a light, textual metal cellular age.
Metal-capable materials, higher intensity, more colourful, lightly quantified, coloured cellular frames Glass structures: companies have critical equipment (3d heat benders), advanced processes (glass melting, ag etching, gmh metal glass integration technology) and improved production lines to achieve 3d
Glass is a one-stop service from the initial formation to the assembly of the product. (1) The company has the capability to make electronic porcelain moor cores, metal smoke poles, plastic parts and components for self-supply and whole machine design, with the financial and technical advantage of the race track. (2) Depending on itself.
Precision manufacturing capacity, becoming a core product supplier to the border, has helped to increase the collection of drones. 3) Corporate intelligence and game hardware have worked closely with international head clients irobot, nvidia, etc., and products such as ground sweep robots, smart sound boxes, video cards, etc. have been produced in quantities.
▪ Auto-smart systems: Introduction of a leading industrial dilink car intelligence system, opening up all sensors and controls, with the advantages of an intelligent auto-rotation control screen, smart voice recognition, Andre operating system, high voltage, etc.) Etomother's domestic new energy van leader, equipped for Biadey.
The dilink smart cockpit, the base plate, and the use of Biadi to enrich its client resources, works closely with the national mainstream Tier1 manufacturer.
In 2019, the company mobile phone pen business received $45.4 billion, an increase of 28 per cent, and 86 per cent of its total income, of which 18.6 billion, an increase of 3 per cent, and 26.8 billion, an increase of 53 per cent, for the assembly business.
Hovm, Korean clients, assembly clients mainly h, m, benefiting from the higher rate of Hovm, and a steady growth in the company ' s cellular laptop business. Figure 15: Corporate cellular laptop business as a whole shows steady growth
Figure 16: A steady growth in hom output of 2.1 glass structures: city occupancy rates are still low. ... Glass structures are expected to be in a fast-growing phase.
In 2019, the income from glass structures was about $3 billion, with revenue doubling in 2020. The glass kernels consist mainly of front and rear glass, which is expected to grow steadily in the future, followed by a steady increase in glass penetration and a steady increase in glass asp. The company successfully broke through in 2017.
The 3d glass manufacturing process and the successful development of critical equipment heat benders have now become all first-line cell phone core suppliers, but the market share is low (estimated at 13 per cent) compared to the middle metal frame (40 per cent Andre), and the lead glass business is still low (estimated at 13 per cent) and is expected to be in the future.
The front cover shield is dominated by glass material and is expected to grow steadily in the future. 1) The shield is added to the transparent lens that displays the outside screen, the contact control module for the touch screen, the display screen and the display screen for the non-touch screen. 2) The shield consists mainly of Yakli and glass, compared to Yakli.
The screens of the windows have the advantages of greater safety, better permeability, and higher hardness to increase durability. Smart machines and flatboard computers are basically filled with glass screens. The need for glass covers is expected to remain stable in the future, against a background of stable consumer electronic demand.
5g+wire charging drives and glass backside penetration continues to increase. 1) The cellular recap material consists of plastics, metals, glass, and ceramics. The metal material is defective by the electromagnetic shield feature, the glass is less resistant to falling, and ceramics are more expensive. 2) During the functional period, plastics are more expensive.
Recapitulation has the advantage of low cost, low interference with signals, etc., which is the dominant post-caption material of the functional age. (3) During the intelligence period, the quality, rigidity of the metal material gradually replaces the plastic material and becomes the mainstream of the recapturing material.
If you can't be held up by a metal back cap, mobile operators usually use a three-part engine design, top and bottom, and a non-metal material back cover. With 5g promotion, the number of antennas inside the cell phone increases, the back top of the cell phone disappears, metalization becomes the dominant trend. Moreover, with wireless charging, it is not compatible with wireless charging.
In 2016, Conning released the fifth generation of ape glass, compared to the normal Bolivia, which fell from 1.6 metres high, to ensure 80% success and significantly boosted the glass.
In 2017, apples replaced the metal backlids with the glass caps of the iphone8 series, and the glass backlids gradually replaced the metal backlids into the mainstream back caps. (5) Under the wave of 5g+wire charged, the glass backlids were rapidly raised after 2017, reaching their backlid penetration rate in 2019.
In 56% of cases, glass is gradually becoming mainstream. There is a situation in the country of "low-end plastic cover, medium-high-end glass cover". 3d curvature + colour optical design, boosting glass asp. 1) 2d glass refers to traditional flat surfaces.
Glasses, without any arc design; 2.5d glass is flat in the middle, but the edges are arc design; 3d glass refers to glass with greater radians on the edges. Compared to 2d glass, 2.5d glass, 3d glass, with more difficult processes, less good products, higher production costs, higher value added of products. 3d glass process
The difficulty is mainly reflected in the 3d surface heating, curl polishing, curvature printing, and curvature matching four major trades, which currently cost about three times the average of 2d glass. The 3d glass penetration rate has increased rapidly in recent years, from 34% to 66% in 2019 in q2 and 3d glass penetration respectively.
It is expected that, in the larger context of outward innovation, the superstructured 3d glass process will mature and cost less, more multi-organic models will use 3d glass in the future, 3d glass penetration will continue to increase, and the unit price of the shielded glass will increase.
Lavender, Starbasket, Emeralds, Wats, p30pro, with five colours, including jade, jade, red tea orange, sky, auroral colour. Gradient colours are particularly bright in all colours. Gradient colours, due to the size of the colours and the complexity of the process (need to be modulated in different sections through magnetic control)
The process parameters strike different target material, change the thickness and number of layers of the plating, build a new generation of plating plating structural colours, and the production costs of the gradientd glass are higher and the value added of the product is higher.
Figure 22: Mi released the first four-ring waterfall screen concept mobile phone, achieved four-sided 88° hyperbolic design Chart 23:3d glass penetration rate continuously increases
Figure 24: 5 colours for p30pro, with a particularly bright gradient of 2.2 metal structures: the frame in Andre metal, which is expected to grow steadily in the future
Well, the cnc machine bed is over 30,000 units, and in 2019 the company earned about $11 billion in metal structures, anticipating a steady growth in future harvests. “Mal Middle Box + Double Glass” is the current mainstream program for medium- and high-end machines. 1) Early smartphones
Mostly frame casings in whole plastics or all metals, but due to deficiencies such as metal shielding signals, middle- and high-end machines use glass casings in middle-bound metal frames, apples are designed from iphonex using the appearance of "metaline frame + double-faced glass" and the Hwa high-end mate series is shifted from full metal casings.
A visual design for "Mal Middle Box + Double-Face Glass". It is expected that, with the increased penetration of glass casings, demand in the gold middle frame industry will grow robustly.
Figure 26: Molymium alloyed casts, aluminium alloys and stainless steel, because of technology.
In 2018, in the middle of the metal frame, a 40% success rate for technology and a 29% net interest rate were achieved. 2.3 assembly operations: the continent's only top 10 ems manufacturer is expected to grow steadily in the future.
• The company has more than 10 years of odm, oem manufacturing experience, providing domestic and foreign companies with one-stop manufacturing uniforms, low-duty pens, high-powered cell phones, a robust growth in demand in the assembly industry.
Market size combined totalled $555.3 billion, with market size expected to rise to $724.2 billion in 2024 and industry growth projected to average annually between 2021 and 2024.
The pattern of the ems industry as a whole remains stable, with the city of Cr8 at close to 60%. However, the industry has a lower profit rate, with a net interest rate of only 1% to 2%. 2) The company ' s main clients in the assembly business are h- and m-clients, benefiting from the continued growth in the number of domestic customers ' mobile phones, an increase in the number of companies ' markets, and the company ' s volume of assembled businesses.
Steady growth. According to the 2019 ranking of milli global ems manufacturer, Biadey Electronics is the only company on the continent that has entered the top 10 on the list. Because of corporate structure, net interest rates are out of business. 3) Looking ahead, we think that while h companies are subject to chips, the volume will be huge.
Three,a clients: ipad orders in 2021, contributing to major income growth – the company started working with a client in 2015 to cut into the supply chain initially through keyboards, chargers, etc.
In 2017, ceramic backcaps were provided for applewatch, in 2018 for airpods, in the assembly of ipods, in 2019 for the company's entry into a customer's core product, the ipad supply chain, and delivery at year's end, and in 2020 for the rapid release of ipod assembly.
Šipad is expected to be assembled quickly in 2020, with future growth in structured business progress and rapid corporate performance. 1) The volume of flatboard computers delivered in 2020 amounted to 160 million units, an increase of 14 per cent, benefiting from the epidemic. The demand for flatbed computers has fallen for five years.
53 million ministries, 7 per cent by the same amount, are expected to be on the market in 2021 for Šipad, with the hope of driving a new round of hot sales, and are expected to maintain a high level of Šipad sales in 2021 and 2022. 2) The company is expected to assemble 20 million Šipads in 2021, with a corresponding market share of about 30 per cent, assuming that it will be able to produce a factory
At a cost of $2,000, the corresponding contribution income amounted to $40 billion. 3) Despite the low profitability of the ipad assembly business (only 0.7 per cent of the 2019 net interest rate on the Ninbao computer of the main supplier), considering that the company has a full-scale scheme of metal, glass, ceramic structures, which is expected to accompany the high profitability of the structure business in the future,
The share has risen, and the company’s performance is expected to grow rapidly.iv.New smart products: e-smoking, drones in the future – the company’s new smart products in 2019 reached $6 billion, an increase of 39%, and new H1 in 2020
The new smart product business is growing rapidly, with companies covering smart households, game hardware, robotics, drones, electromagnetization and so on, and is expected to maintain high growth in the future.
4.1 The demand for e-smoking is booming, and hundreds of billions of market-based sophisticated manufacturers have been able to move into the e-smoking sector since 2016, with an estimated contribution of $1 billion in 2020, mainly to sell overseas to supply spare parts for heating and non-combustion equipment.
A new patent for sub-smoking, a steady advance in the electronic smoke business, which will be accompanied in the future by more major customers breaking through, e-smoking 1) tobacco products include rolls, e-smoking, heating non-combustion equipment, and others, electronic fogging equipment, mainly the heating of smoke oil to steam through aerosols, heating non-combustion equipment (hnb) by electric power.
The pool-driven heating of tobacco is less harmful and healthier than traditional smoke combustion, with major tobacco companies and new forces spreading electronic smoke. (2) The global market for tobacco products reached $86.54 billion in 2019, and the market for e-smoke smoke in 2019.
Size: $36.7 billion; penetration rate: 4.2 per cent; Gagr: 24 per cent in 2014-2019; estimated to be $111.8 billion in 2024; Gagr: 25 per cent in 2019-2024; demand for e-smoke is predominantly overseas; and heating and non-combustion equipment in 2019.
Annual heating and non-combustion equipment markets amount to $32.5 billion, compared to 40 per cent in 2019-2024. (3) The main closed electronic smoke brands currently include juul, relx, etc. The iqos, English American tobacco (glo) and Japanese tobacco (plom).
Figure 35: Low penetration of electro-smoke smoke, heating non-combustion equipment Figure 36: Rapid growth of the market for electro-smoke smoke, heating non-combustion equipment 4.2 Together with unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for future release
The market for drones has grown rapidly. The global market for civilian drones reached 65.8 billion yuan in 2019. Cagr reached 51 per cent in 2015-2019 and is expected to grow to 32 billion yuan in 2024.
The demand has expanded rapidly, and industrial drone downstream applications now cover agro-forestry protection, mapping, surveying, and joint industry leaders, with a time-limited use of drones. The frontier is the absolute leader of consumer-class drones, with over 70% of the city, estimated to be more than $20 billion in 2019.
As a result, the company’s share of the supply chain increases, the drone business will contribute to the company’s revenue.
Figure 39: Rapid growth of the drone market
In 2019, the company collected 1.6 billion yuan, 34 per cent more, in 2020, H1 more, 700 million yuan, and 11 per cent less, and in 2020, H1 more, mainly because of the low level of automobile sales in the first half of the year, and in 2020, H1 Chinese automobile production fell by the same 18 per cent, and new energy sources.
The rapid growth in the size of the car network market. The 5g communications technology excellence in terms of low-speed time lags will lead to a significant increase in the traffic level, which will lead to a high growth in the size of smart network cars. In 2019, China’s smart-net new vehicle penetration rate reached 40.1%, with most of the new cars expected to be in 2025.
A combination of smart network systems, with a penetration rate of 75%, will be used to create a new growth point for automobile intelligence systems, working with parent companies, Biadi, the big Tier 1 manufacturer. 1) The public sector ' s automobile intelligence system products cover products such as rotation screens, communication modules, etc.
Biadi launched the dilink smart network system, which is positioned as "intelligent, open hardware and software platforms and ecological services" with a global 14.6-inch super-clear smart rotation screen and 100-per-cent-compatible mobile phone eco-compatible deep-custody Andre system. It is expected to be accompanied by a Bialdi-type hot market in the future.
The company's car intelligence system will be rapidly developing. 2) In addition to the full-system information and entertainment system of the parent company, the company actively collaborates with third-party car manufacturers and is expected to be a powerful increase in corporate revenue.
Figure 44: Biadi ' s super-clear smart rotation large screen business is maintained at $10 billion, taking into account the low percentage of corporate glass units in the market (13%) and the rapid upscaling phase, which is expected to increase rapidly.
18 per cent, with a high Māori ratio for glass structures, a higher Māori ratio for company parts and components, and a higher Māori ratio for assembly operations. 3) Considering the demand for new smart products, car smart systems, both of which are expected to grow rapidly. 4) Other business in the company is mainly masked, considering the improvement in the epidemic.
• Repeated outbreaks: if the epidemic is repeated abroad, consumer electronics demand is weak, smartphones are less available than expected, and the company’s revenues and profits from spare parts and assembly operations will be affected.
This may reduce the company’s share of its customers and profit margin. Big customers are not as likely to expand as expected: if large North American customers are not well assembled, it may lead to a slow expansion of their business, and corporate profit growth will be hampered.
The Māori rate is 20 per cent, and corporate masks are mainly export-oriented, such as corporate mask revenues, Māori rates, or less than expected if mask prices continue to fall significantly or the overseas epidemic eases. ▪ E-smoking policy risks: in March 2021, the Ministry of Trade and Communications announced its intention to define e-smoking as tobacco, and
In 2020, the company’s e-smoking business was mainly export-oriented, with limited impact, but if the company were to increase its collaboration with domestic brands in the future, e-smoking policy fluctuations or estimates for the company