The profits are affected by the gain or loss on the exchange glass (600660), and the foreign market is worth looking forward to. Companies do not spend half a year on profit distributions, and the accumulated equity of the reserve.
In the context of the slowdown in the sale of automobiles, companies have benefited from enhanced marketing and the optimization of product structures, with a steady increase in revenue. Among these, domestic revenue in the automotive glass business has increased by 11.81 per cent compared to the previous year, which is higher than the increase in the production and sale of automobiles; and the automobile industry.
Revenue from overseas operations grew by 17.78% over the same year, exceeding the increase in automobile glass revenues in China. It is a matter of concern that corporate exchange losses in the first half of the year, which were affected by the appreciation of the renminbi, amounted to $171 million, led to a decline in corporate profits in the same year, if any.
The gross profits of the company increased by 17.91 per cent over the same period, with a slight decrease in the gross gross gross profits of the company. 42.98 per cent over the reporting period, a slight decrease of 0.24 percentage points over the same period, but the company's main business car estate.
Increases in the proportion of high-value-added products represented by sound glass, water-averse glass, etc. The cost of the company period during the reporting period was 22.93 per cent, an increase of 3.86 percentage points over the same period last year, mainly due to higher management and financial costs of the company.
The increase in costs is mainly due to higher research and development spending by companies, salaries of employees, and repair costs as compared to Piti, and the increase in financial costs is mainly due to loss on exchange. In the future, the level of corporate profitability is expected to remain stable with the continued optimization of the product structure.
In the future, overseas markets are expected to offer new opportunities for growth. Companies are the leading players in the domestic car glass sector, with 65% of the domestic car glass market and 20% of the global market. The internationalization strategy is an important development for companies, as it is abroad.
The market has an advantage in energy costs and production efficiency, and thus the Māori rate is higher. The dollar, net profit – $10.44 million – has a much narrower net loss of the same year, of which a profit has been made in June.
The construction of German factories has begun, and globalization is beginning to bear fruit. The company’s income abroad is now growing faster than at home, and it is expected to open up new opportunities for growth as overseas capacity is released further in the future.
We maintain the company’s “prudentially recommended” investment rating. Joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.