Foreign exchange losses drag off net profits, overseas operations kick off glazing (600660) □ steady growth in performance, stable Māori rates, currency loss drags off net profits to the mother
The performance of company h1 rose steadily in 2017, with car glass collecting $8,429 million, an increase of 17.78 per cent in overseas business income over the same period. The company ' s Māori ratio of 42.98 per cent, which is at the same level as the previous year, is stable and profitable. The company ' s three-fee share was 22.93 per cent, up from the same period last year.
Total profits will increase by 17.91 per cent over the same period. Overall, corporate performance has increased steadily, overseas operations have started, but due to exchange rate fluctuations, the parent net profit has lost a small margin of 4.85 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2017, our automobile production increased by 4.64 per cent over the previous year, slowing down from the same period last year, with the company ' s domestic business growing at 11.81 per cent, significantly higher than the growth in vehicle production and winning the industry average. The company continues to explore new models to promote profit management at a cost of 81.05 per cent in 2017.
At the same time, companies have increased their R & D investment, upgraded their industrial chains, and laid the foundation for a higher value added of their products. □ Overseas business integration, i.e., offshore profits, opens up the way up.
In August 2017, the company issued an announcement to finance an investment of up to $3 billion to set up Fry Glass International Holdings Ltd. (tentatively named) to address the integration of its offshore operations. The company has offshore subsidiaries in the United States, Russia, Hong Kong, Japan, etc., with a global distribution of its operations.
The establishment of an international company will further the development of offshore operations. In 2017, H1 built up 12 million square metres of capacity in the United States city of Moraine, Ohio (an annual planned production of 22 million square metres), and helped the U.S. to earn $115 million, resulting in a net profit loss of $10 million, compared to a loss.
A sharp cut, with the first profit of $495.2 million in June.H1 company performance continued its upward trend in 2017, with revenue growth significantly exceeding industry averages, and Māori levels were at the same level as last year, leading profitable industries. Companies focused on core technological upgrading and scaling up.
Research and development inputs actively increase the value added of the product. Continuous extra-valued overseas operations, United States projects start to make a profit, double and give an “enhanced” rating.
In the 12-month period from the date of this report, the equity (or industry index) is defined as follows: No rating - the market benchmark index is 300 indexes, because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons it is not able to give a clear investment rating.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.