The Global Car Market is growing faster and high-quality growth is emerging from the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Events: semi-annual reports issued by companies to achieve operating income of $8.71 billion, an increase of 14.89 per cent; benefits of $1.69 billion, a decrease of 5.22 per cent, and profits of $1.86 billion, an increase of 17.9 per cent, after excluding exchange gains; revenues increased at a faster rate than industry, with significant strategic effects of overseas expansion, and shares and structural upward logic maintained
Now. During the first half of 2017, domestic automobile production increased by 4.64 per cent over the same period, and corporate revenues increased at a higher rate than North American output by 18.6 percentage points as a whole, especially in North America, where firms are expanding at the present stage of their power, with 790 million dollars (+311 per cent) in Fukuga Glass USA Limited.
We believe that, in addition to increasing shares, the share of high-value-added products in sales has increased considerably. So, the share that we have always looked forward to and the logic of structural upswing continue to materialize.
The gradual consolidation of overseas construction works will have a slight impact on the Māori rate, with the Māori rate going back up when the production capacity climbs. As a result of the gradual consolidation of the country's construction work, combined with insufficient capacity utilization, reference can be made to construction in progress during the reporting period – a 450 million reduction in the US car glass project and a transfer of new construction in progress to fixed assets of about 640 million.
The country achieved a single-month profit of $500,000 in June, which is consistent with the company’s original expectations. We expect the Māori rate to continue to rise as production capacity rises and the scale effect rises.
In the first quarter, we put forward a report on the impact of the elimination of exchange rate gains (excluding income tax), with a 36% increase in the company's performance in 1q17 in the first half of the year, after the elimination of exchange rate effects.
The cars sector is experiencing a decline in growth, with domestic q1 automobile production increasing at 8 per cent and q2 at just 1.1 per cent; North, in the context of small growth in the overall automobile market, the company ' s business performance continued to grow at a high rate of nearly 18 per cent. Quality growth highlighted the firm ' s strong competitiveness, and we expect the domestic car market to warm up gradually in the second half of the year.
The company’s performance will continue to increase, with higher efficiency in the country’s factories. • Profit forecasting and investment advice. The company, as the five largest players in the global industry, has the greatest potential for growth, foreign-market growth is likely to take place, the product-volume-up logic persists, and we adjust because of exchange rate influences.
Glossy Glass (600660): Heading to the overseas market, Sword to King of the Global Volcano (2017-05-08) 4. Glossy Glass (600660): Global, Autobond
In the first half of 2017, domestic automobile sales rose by 4.64 per cent.
This represents an increase of 13.80 per cent and 17.39 per cent over the same period. Domestic revenue from corporate car glass increased by 11.8 per cent compared to the same period last year, and domestic revenue from domestic revenue from domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic origin of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic origin of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of domestic origin of domestic revenue of domestic revenue of $5.46 billion in 17 years was higher than the increase in domestic vehicle production of 7 percentage points (+4.44 per cent).
External: In the first half of 2017, North America accumulated 9.17 million (-0.78 per cent) in major overseas car-consuming countries and regions, of which 5.95 million (-4.9 per cent) were United States vehicles, 1.22 million (-2,3 per cent) Canada and 1 million (+18.4 per cent) Mexico; 8.46 million (+4.6 per cent) were registered in Europe by car; 4.84 million (+7.8 per cent) in Japan; 2.16 million in Korea.
The company ' s revenue from its car glass overseas increased by 17.8 per cent over the same period last year, with foreign revenues of 3 billion yuan in 17 years, calculated on the basis of 16-year-h1 foreign earnings of 2.5 billion yuan.
In the expansionary North American region, corporate overseas revenues grew at a higher rate than North America ' s output at 18.6 percentage points, of which Foyo, Glass America Limited ' s revenue of 790 million (+311 per cent) contributed significantly elasticity, strongly highlighting the company ' s strategy of overseas expansion.
Quantified, energy-efficient, environmental-friendly, intelligent, integrated-directional, value-added, and company-wide investment in research and development, as well as the provision of integrated car glass solutions for global automobile factories, with a larger share of higher value-added product sales. So, the share that we have always seen and the logic of structural uplifting continue to be realized.
The gradual re-establishment of overseas construction works will have a slight impact on Māori rates, the recovery of Māori rates after capacity climbs, and the gradual consolidation of United States construction work in progress, combined with an under-utilization of capacity, can be seen as a reduction of 450 million in construction work in the reporting period - American automobiles, glass projects, and the transfer of new construction in progress to fixed assets of about 640 million.
A profit of $500,000, which is consistent with the company's original expectations. We expect that, as the capacity utilization rate rises, the scale effect will be felt, the impact of the poor performance of the automobile market will be on the company's profits for the reporting period, 1.69 billion yuan, a decrease of 5.22 per cent, and a gain of 1.86 billion yuan will be realized after the exchange rate has affected the profits.
In a quarterly review, it was suggested that, in addition to the impact of exchange rate gains (without income tax) and the growth in corporate performance of 1q17 years, more of the q2 overall automobile industry was affected by the fall in productivity of the domestic q1 car at 8 per cent, and the growth rate of q2 at almost 18 per cent in the overall car market, which was still high-quality growth at almost 18 per cent.
In the second half of the year, with the gradual warming of the domestic car market and the increased efficiency of United States factories, the company’s performance will continue to increase at a higher rate. Figure 6: Gains and losses on exchange, leading to an increase in the financial cost rate to 2.9 per cent
Figure 7: q2 global car market growth and US plant capacity constraints, slightly affecting corporate Māori (Māori) levels, core recommended logic Foreign markets have much wider room for domestic upscaling and are expected to replicate high rates in the future with a strong competitive advantage
(b) The expected increase in the share of high value added products in 2017, which contributes to a full increase in the volume of the carbs, the cost of pure alkaline, natural gas, etc., is expected to be explored, and the company ' s Māori ratio is expected to rise over time;
3. Intra-domestic growth in the domestic market + higher elasticity of performance in overseas markets; 4) also rich in equity and stable dividends. Companies are among the top five players in the global industry, with high growth potential, higher rates of overseas markets and full prices for their products
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.