q1's record performance for the same period, with many new items breaking through, the 2024 performance flash report for the North (002371) and the 25q1 performance forecast for Liu Monjing.
The company’s forecast is median; on a quarterly basis, the company’s 24q4 harvest was $9.485 billion, an increase of 27 per cent.
The ring grew by 18 per cent, up from an all-time high; in the first quarter of 2025, the company collected a single quarter of billions of yuan, an increase of 38.7 per cent in the same year, a 36 per cent increase in the ring, and the company ' s 25q1 crop, net return to the mother, all of which rose to a record high during the same period.
Many of the new items have achieved technological breakthroughs and a steady increase in the share of mature products in the market. For the benefit of downstream logical industries, the large plant maintains a high capital cost expansion, a build-up of the national production of multiple items of equipment has continued, and the company has increased its hand orders by the same amount.
Field capacitor coupling plasma etching equipment (ccp), atomic layer deposition equipment (ald), high-end single-poly scrubbers, etc. have led to key technological breakthroughs, significant process coverage and a steady increase in market access for multiple mature products. With excellent products, technologies and services,
The advantage is that the market share of the company continues to grow and the operating income rises on a par. Moreover, as the company’s revenues continue to expand, the effect of scale gradually emerges, and the cost rate of cost steadily declines, allowing the net profit of shareholders belonging to listed companies to grow on a year-on-year basis.
On March 10, North Fanghua announced the exchange of 9.49% shares of core sources held by advanced manufacturing, totalling 19,064,915 shares, at a concession price of $88.48 per share.
In the field of front-track equipment such as film deposition, furnace tubes, cleaning, but in the field of light engraved coatings, there are short-boards, and core microsources are the only plants in the country that have the capacity to produce front-line coatings, and the product covers more than 28 nm and is chemically cleaned up, state-of-the-art encapsulation wet.
We believe that this M&A will help to create complementarities between the two products, creating the supply capacity of the process-wide equipment that has been manufactured in the past into advanced envelopes, especially in the areas of light-engineing on-line operations, 3d integration, etc., and enhancing the long-term competitiveness of enterprises.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.