China's urgent need for advanced programs.
With the escalation of trade friction between China and the United States, the issue of the productive capacity of the advanced process has become the most central constraint on the development of the Chinese ai industry, so we expect the Chinese semiconductor industry to begin with 2h25, with the prospect of a structural opportunity for the expansion of the advanced process.
The prospect of the rise of China’s semiconductor industry is expected to benefit from the development of China’s advanced process. At present, China’s technology is decoupled, and the need for semiconductors’ advanced process is urgent: the US continues to press China’s semiconductor industry, and soon after this year’s embargo h20 bis has further restricted the three major eda manufacturers to China.
So, in the short term, China's demand gap or magnified in high-level gpu products, storage products, and the national chip, which is subject to advanced production capacity, is difficult to fill quickly, so we expect the Chinese semiconductor industry to begin with 2h25, and the Chinese semiconductor industry is expected to start a new round.
The company, as a domestic semiconductor equipment platform company that holds the promise of the rise of China’s semiconductor industry, is expected to benefit from China’s advanced development of the process. The acquisition of micro-sources and the refilling of microfiche panels: the company pays 3.2 billion yuan to acquire micro-sources 17.9%.
The acquisition price is relatively low (about $3.8 billion at a round price of 6.25) and is now the largest shareholder and actual controller of the core. Through this acquisition, the company supplements the project’s project, cleans equipment, improves the competitiveness of the industry, and has a positive long-term impact.
1q25 High growth: Thanks to a steady increase in the share of mature products in the market, new products such as plasma etching equipment (ccp) and atomic sedimentation equipment (ald) have achieved critical technology of billions, yoy growth of 38.8 per cent, qoq growth of 36.4 per cent, and performance of high growth.
Profit projection: We move up, considering the profit contribution to the acquisition of microequity in core sources