The equipment platform strategy highlights a net profit of $1,581 million (youy+38.80 per cent, qoq+36.42 per cent), net of non-recurring gains and losses.
-0.38 pp,qaq+3.1 pp. The company’s ccp, ald, high-end single-share scrubber, etc. has achieved key technological breakthroughs, significant process coverage has increased, while the market share of mature products has risen steadily, and the scale effect has gradually emerged, leading to simultaneous growth in operating income and profits.
Equipment (icp, ccp, bevel etching, high selective etching, dry deglution) generated more than $8 billion; membrane sedimentation equipment (pvd, cvd, ald, externepi, electroplating ecp) generated more than $10 billion; thermal treatment equipment (argument furnaces and fast thermal processing equipment) generated more than $2 billion: wet equipment (single set)
In March, the company released the first ion infusion machine siriusmc313 and officially entered the ion in the equipment market, with a global ion infusion market of $27.6 billion in 2024 and a domestic market of about $16 billion.
2625.18 million dollars for simultaneous release of the first 12 inches of plating equipment (ecp) ausipt 830, designed exclusively for silicon perforation (tsv) copper filling, mainly in the advanced area of 2.5d/3d, plating as pvd
In addition, the company signed a Share Transfer Agreement with Shenyang’s advanced manufacturer, to receive 9.49% of the sub-source shares, and a bid for 8.41% of the shares held by Shen Xianjin through a public call for transfers is expected.
It is expected to further refine the platform layout by taking advantage of the source micro-product line in such areas as projecting, cleaning, and keying equipment. The investment proposal is to maintain the “better than the big market” rating.
The domestic semiconductor equipment platform leads, for the first time, to release ion injections and plating products in conjunction with the original product's linear form. At the same time, the platform layout is further refined through extended M&A microsources. We expect a 90% increase in net profits in the first quarter of the year, and the platform type.
Changes in international relations and geopolitical risks, etc., Figure 1: Corporate operating income and the rate of increase in the same ratio (billion yuan, %) Figure 2: Corporate quarterly operating income and the rate of increase in the same ratio (billion yuan, %)
Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase in the same year (billion yuan, %) Figure 4: Quarterly return net profit and rate of increase in the same year (billion dollars, %) Figure 5: Māori rate of the company, net interest rate (%)
Figure 6: Cost during company period (%) Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence; authors ' past, present or future absence of studies on them