Uttar Pradesh (002371.sz) Electronics group continues to grow in performance, platform semiconductor equipment dragons.
In 24 years, the company achieved business income of 29.838 billion yuan, compared to 35.14 per cent; net profit return of the parent; 1. “Norwegian company rating: performance is higher than expected, and the subsequent expansion of the Division’s revenue and profits are showing a bright increase.
Beneficiary countries’ production-substitution wave has continued to rise, and the company-market rate has been rising. The United States Department of Commerce, Department of Industry and Security (bis), issued a new regulation on December 2, 2024, imposing a new round of restrictions on Chinese semi-conductor equipment.
In a generational process, the company, as the lead manufacturer of domestically produced semiconductor equipment, with products covering etching, thin film, deposition, stove tubes, cleaning, rapid decomposition, etc., has a strong market competitiveness and is expected to be steady in the follow-up semiconductor advanced process and storage plant expansion. The company, as the head of the country, is expected to grow.
The company acquires the capacity to repeat orders from a manufacturer of argon front-track equipment whose products involve core process equipment such as etching, film deposition, stubble furnaces, exteriors, cleaning, etc. The company acquires the capability to repeat orders after domestic storage and advanced process extension.
Inner storage large plants are expected to increase their production by bidding in the course of the year, 25 years of planned expansion is expected to be phased in, and companies, as large domestic semiconductor equipment plants, are expected to meet orders and release their performance for the year. Continuous enrichment of product matrices, platform-based layouts, and building of core advantages.
A key operational breakthrough was achieved through the successful development of new products such as capacitive coupling plasma etching equipment (ccp), plasma enhancement chemical gas deposition equipment (pecvd), atomic layer deposition furnaces, and the continuous enrichment of product matrices, enhanced product layout and progress.
Prospective profits, valuations, and ratings The downstream expansion of production is not as fast as expected, China and the United States trade risks are increasing, and the development of domestically produced equipment is not progressing.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market