Increased revenue from film deposition, advanced ions injected into enhanced platform capacity Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Companies achieved $8.2 billion in operating income in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 38 per cent in the same year and a decrease in the ring ratio
• Higher revenues from film deposition, more flowers in the area of equipment, more than $8 billion in corrosion equipment, an increase of about 33 per cent over the same period, and (2) excess revenues from film deposition equipment, higher company prices compared with the trend in depth of 300 per cent
In the area of corrosion equipment, the company has completed the icp, ccp, bevel etching and high-selective etching, dry decoupling full series of products; in the area of film deposition, the shape is a complete series of processes and equipment arrays of pvd, cvd, ald, epi and ecp; thermal treatment
The plate covers a whole series of stand-up furnaces and fast heat treatments (rtp); the wet field constructs a comprehensive solution for both single and slot-type systems.
In March 2025, the company officially announced its entry into the equipment market for the ion and the release of the first ion infusion of elements such as b, p, as, inter alia, the b, p, as, and the leaching of the aircraft with a high dose, low-energy ion injection, directed towards cmos, hydrogen passivation, soi, etc. in the storage and logical field.
The four core components of semiconductor manufacturing equipment are closed and will further enhance the competitiveness of firms in the domestic crystal round manufacturing market, laying a solid foundation for sustained technological innovation and national substitution.
North China: q3 with high performance and continuous validation of the competitive advantage of platform-type equipment companies 2. North China: local semiconductor equipment.
Li Mei-hyun, a Master's degree from the Chinese People's University, joined Hua An in January 2024. He worked in East Hing Securities, with four years of research experience in the electronics and communications industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.