Optimization of capital structure, 23 years of land extension, company announcement of 30 December 2022, and non-public distribution of a stock plan for 2023.
The total amount of funds raised for sub-public distribution does not exceed $12.5 billion for the replacement of funds invested by 15 projects, including the Guangzhou Pauli River, the West Coast Guard and the City of Dalian Paulie, with the lowest net sales rate of 6.73 per cent in Guangzhou and 10.01 per cent in Guangzhou and the Yangtze River, with a net interest rate on sales.
We believe that $12.5 billion will be replenished to the project company to effectively increase the cash liquidity of the project company, reduce the cost of the project company’s funds, and accelerate the pace of project start-up. The use of equity financing instruments will be effective in optimizing the corporate capital structure.
\triangleright encourages real estate developers to make full use of equity financing instruments, to optimize the capital-liability structure at the right time, and to contribute to the location of the “survival” policy, which, if successful, will also be used by private enterprises if the development of the company's leader, Pauly, is successful.
Equity financing instruments serve as a model for more high-quality private enterprises, or will continue to grow. Cash flows to raise funds for replacement may be used to expand quality land in 2023.
In the context of industrial rehabilitation, we expect companies to increase their access to land in 2023. Raising market shares will strengthen the company’s flagship position.
chenliyj@mszq, com 1. Poly development (600048.sh) depth report: Corporate sales performance is still high in the industry. The company, as the leader of the company, continues to expand on the financing side.
Together, promote internal growth, restore confidence to sell back spring-20 funds, increase access to core projects on the two-line core city at the investment end, \triangleright confidence on the sales end customer
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.