In January, sales went up the same line, significantly better than industry, real estate, real estate development, corporate research, and company quick reviews.
Wang Lui realized a net profit return of $18.3 billion a year, compared to 33.2 per cent, and this time the company's performance fully released the risk and is expected to improve with the roll-out of subsequent high-quality projects; 3) the company's previous plans for non-public distribution have been processed by the CSRC and the financing scheme has been sequenced
Progress; 4) The company, as a sound corporate leader with better sales than industry, more resilient, and short-term performance, does not alter the company’s quality fundamentals, we value the company in the long term, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
In January 2023, the company achieved a sales value of $29.5 billion, or +4.4 per cent, and a sales area of 1.84 million square metres, or 1.0 per cent. Corporate sales outperformed industry averages. Given the company’s excellent land reserves, it is expected that the company’s sales performance will remain positive in 2023 as the economy’s recovery and demand-side policies eased.
Figure 3: Corporate operating income and the rate of increase in the same year
The financing program is progressing in an orderly manner for the construction of 14 projects. After the financing end-of-service policy became frequent in November, companies responded positively to the policy and the call for a “survival building” and quickly launched the financing program to improve the debt structure and enhance the company’s resilience to risk.
On 8 February, the company issued an announcement stating that the public release plan had been accepted by the CVM and that the financing programme was progressing in an orderly manner.The investment proposal was that the short-term search should not change the quality fundamentals, maintain the “buy-in” rating, as a firm's champion for sound business, sell better than the industry, be resilient, and perform the short-term search should not change the quality fundamentals of the company.
Dollars, equivalent to 10.2, 9.1, 7.3 x, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Corporate sales and settlements are at a slower pace than expected, and settlement projects are at a lower rate of profit than expected. Paulie Development (600048.sh) - sales are better than industry, with three-quarter performance pressure - 2022-10-31
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject