Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) for full production of refined integration, weak demand and high cost of raw materials impact on profits throughout the year
The increase in the performance of the q2 ring is mainly due to the continued upturn in refining production. According to the semi-annual report, a net profit of $1.93 billion was realized in the first half of the year by the rainbow refining, a net profit of $179 million by the Srbon petrochemicals, resulting in a slight loss of the long wire and pta plates.
The price differentials for the company's main products are tracked, the q2 finished oils remain strong, the price differentials for aromatic hydrocarbons (px, pta) and evaa are significant, the price differentials for aromatic hydrocarbons (meg, eo, acetylene) continue to be applied, and the price differentials for products such as silted silk are almost even.
The same upswing, the aromatic chain is stronger, and the lower profit margins are evident due to low downstream demand, and it is now expected that the three-quarter replenishment cycle and the return of crude oil prices to the uphill route will drive the recovery of downstream demand.
On the cost side, in the second quarter of 2023, the sales/management/financial cost rates were, respectively, a high-end layout-rich product matrix that scaled up supply capacity. In 2023, the company's “1+n” new energy materials strategy became fully operational.
After that, based on the advantages of refining integrated material platforms and pre-positioning new materials, the company planned a follow-up expansion plan for the eval, acrylic, and degradable materials, which will triple the total volume of new materials in the future, and will continue to drive the company’s profits.
New high-end material projects such as α-vinyl hydrocarbons, 300,000 tonnes per year, 300,000 tonnes/year butoctaline devices, 300,000 tonnes/year acrylic acids and esters, 240,000 tonnes/year biphenola devices, with the goal of national production substitution and refining the chain of chain recharge, where companies will create distinctive poe+eva
The industrial chain layout of photovoltaic particles, both head and head, has become the largest in the world.
We're looking at the company's ability to scale up through capital spending, based on the advantage of a platform of all kinds of raw materials.
To achieve the strength of the strong, while at the same time actively exploring new downstream materials and increasing product differentiation and value addition. Because of higher than expected price fluctuations in crude oil and changes in macroeconomic trends, our annual net return profits are $6,513 million, $7,358 million and $11,486 million, respectively.
Crude oil and coal prices are highly volatile: using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.