Eastern rainbows, release of smelting platform performance, ongoing recovery of profitability Performance has increased on a quarterly basis since 2023, based on the company's extension to the whole industry chain and the refining of the industry landscape
In December 2022, the company's refining integration project was successfully completed and fully operational. In the first half of 2023, the company's other petrochemical and chemical materials products generated business income of RMB 39.890 billion and refined oil products of RMB 14.425 billion.
They account for 60.53 per cent and 21.89 per cent of the operating income for the reporting period, respectively. After the launch of the rainbow-smelting integration unit, polyesters and ethanol raw materials will become self-supplied: in addition, rainbow-smelling will serve as a platform for basic raw materials, with a pre-emptive advantage for “strength chains, stretching, re-linking” downstream in the chemical industry, and companies will be able to build up in the future.
“1” core platform + “n” new energy, new materials, electronic chemistry, biotechnology, etc. New pattern of “1+n” chains, with firm growth attributes. Average crude oil wt. prices were $73.56 per barrel in the second quarter of the year, with the ring falling by 3.20%, dty, pta season
The average price is 8856.05 yuan per ton, 5866.29 yuan per ton, and the ring has increased by 1.66% and 2.81%, respectively. International crude oil prices at the end of the line have fallen, prices at the end of the product have stabilized, and the refining industry has recovered.
New materials and new energy projects are in depth layout, creating the world’s largest production base for photovoltaic raw materials. The company is actively promoting the strategic goal of “million tons of eva”, with 3 200,000 tons of PVeva devices being built for new materials in the rainbow landscape, and later on, with 100,000 tons of high-end hot-melt-grade eva.
In the future, the new material business is expected to be the next largest growth in company performance. Based on crude oil prices, short-term pressure at the cost, and weak downstream demand in the industry chain, the lower demand for the new materials is expected.
Crude oil prices are volatile; the economy falls sharply; policy risks lead to production restrictions or demand below expectations.
Petroleum petrochemicals: refining and trade