The subsidiary is going to introduce Saudi Arabia's Al-Ammy as a battle pitch, and it's going to unite.
Keywords: #Explosion of Production # Second Curve Event 1: The company signed a strategic framework agreement with Saudi Arabia and Asia. The agreement includes, inter alia: 1) the strategic entry of Saudi Arabia or its associates into Jiangsu Seon Chemite Industries Group Ltd. (public)
The above-mentioned framework agreement does not involve specific amounts, is only a preliminary intention reached by the parties, and will be followed by the signing of the agreement.
▪ Incident 2: The company's wholly-owned petrochemicals industry intends to acquire, on a cash basis, the second largest shareholder, Rainbow Pulse Port Storage Company Ltd. (“Pulse Port”) held by Petrochemicals,
The price of this transaction is about $2.24 billion, while the petrochemical industry will assist the petrochemical storage and the Guanghua industry in repaying the loan totalling about $580 million after the acquisition is completed.
Saudi Arabia is one of the largest oil-producing companies in the world, and one of the company’s important suppliers of raw materials. The signing of this framework agreement has set the stage for both sides’ equity cooperation and business synergy, if both parties finally sign the agreement.
The successful implementation of cooperative agreements will have a positive impact on companies in the areas of raw material conservation, financial support, technical cooperation, etc. The consolidation of assets will optimize operational efficiency and further enhance operational synergies.
The company integrates the assets of related parties, such as the petro-Ports and the Guang-Hong Industries, which are primarily responsible for dock operations and canister storage.
Integration of the acquisition of the above-mentioned companies has helped to reduce the operating costs of the company's petrochemical portfolio, increase the growth of high-cost enterprises, and continue the expansion of new material maps: the company based on rainbow refining platform, accelerating the extension of the industry chain of new energy sources downstream, with a focus on millions of projects.
Tonseva, 300,000 tons of poe, degradable plastics, posm and polyols, lithium phosphate, etc., new material business plans are expected to usher in a period of high growth.  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We maintain a company ' s net return of 50, 50, 2023-2025.
The annual report reviews: the smelting climate has recovered, and new materials have doubled. Big smelting profits have continued to improve, Saudi Arabia and America have worked together to open up long-term space, maintain “buy-in” volatility, and the expansion of productive capacity has led to increased competition in the industry.
Three major financial forecasting tables for the Eastern Sunnyon have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.