An Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz) incident assessment report released in mid-2023: 65.9 billion dollars in business earnings in the first half of the year.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn Created a surge in synthesizing capacity, resulting in a significant increase in efficiency.
The recovery has been positive. 2023h1 rainbow refining has generated 47,058 million yuan in operating income, 2,369 million yuan in operating profits, and 1.93 billion yuan in net profits. The country's oil refining industry has recovered somewhat, and downstream demand has shifted along with the population's consumption, capital investment, etc.
Good and sustained recovery, balancing the supply of and demand for refined oil. According to cutting information, the crack price difference continues to fluctuate at a high level, with the average diesel crack price difference being $1259.7 per ton, +45.34 per cent; the average crack price for gasoline is 1405.8 ton.
Compared to +57.2%, the landscape of the refining industry has shown a downward recovery. Sub-polymer demand has warmed and industrial stocks have been devalued. The prices of the domestic polyester products (silt filament, pheromones, polyester slices, polyester bottles) were different in the first half of 2023.
For $7,491 per ton, $7,249 per ton, $6768 per ton, $7252 per ton, compared with 22.7 days at the beginning of the year, the price of silk and the price differentials are under stress, recovery-led performance repairs, new materials
The review - the East Rainbow - 000301-Srbon - needs recovery major camp operations are expected to continue to be repaired, smooth and high-quality assets are being injected into the air.
In the case of new energy materials, there is an increase in the volume of crude oil produced, the volume of crude oil in the country's primary processing capacity is limited, the crude oil quota and tax checks are becoming more stringent, the production capacity is being phased out, and the profits from refining oil are on the rise.
In the first half of 2023, China recorded an increase of 154 per cent in the same year, with more than 30 per cent of the world ' s high-speed growth in the capacity of the additional light voltage installed, with fewer or significant supply gaps in 2023-2024.
Information, as of 2023/8/10, the main products of the company, dty, acrylene, eva, gas refining, fibre optics, eva, etc., are continuously repaired, while in the second half of the year, the refining and chemical industries are further adjusted and optimized as the production status of the refining chain is adjusted and optimized.
Production capacity will be further released, and there will be room for increased profitability. New energy and high-end materials projects will be advanced, new material platforms will be created.
The company plans to build 200,000 tonnes/year α-vinyl hydrocarbons, 300,000 tonnes/year poe, 300,000 tonnes/year butoctaol, 300,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid and esters, and 240,000 tonnes/year biphenola devices.
The high-end applications of downstream material operations are further expanded with integrated ethylene, acrylic, phenol, acetone, and other basic intermediate products such as rainbow refining. The company posm and polyols projects, the degradation plastics project and the lithium phosphate project are progressing steadily.
The associated capacity planning and deployment has led companies to shift to a world-class cluster of new energy materials, high-tech technologies, to support long-term growth. To the good, new materials can be invested continuously, maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating.
Liu Han: Material Engineering at Nakayama University/Master in Finance, City University of Hong Kong, 3 years of Energy Chemical Major Commodity Research
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other aspects.