The Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz) has significantly increased the performance ring in the second quarter, with new materials growing over a period of 100 million yuan, ring + 23 per cent; net profit from the mother is 964 million yuan, ring + 34 per cent.
In the first half of the year, the oil-refining industry recovered, according to creative information, as the economy recovered.
IL, the price gap for domestic diesel fracking continues to fluctuate at a high rate, of which the price difference for diesel fracking is essentially at a 52-week maximum/minimum price silver X), the frequency of driving in summer is higher, the activity of industries such as infrastructure, transportation, etc. increases, and the need for diesel fuel
The profits of the polyester industry are expected to remain high in the run-up to the season. The profits of the long wires are rising significantly as the chain of polyesters approaches the season.
The impact of the Asian Games, the end-user or the possibility of an earlier billing, has led us to conclude that the season of the long-silver tradition is expected to lead to higher corporate performance. New materials continue to expand, increasing the company’s overall competitiveness.
The project 2#ethanol+phenol/propanone was launched in March 2023, and in the future the company is actively working on the Pom and polyol projects, high-end new material projects such as Poe, Irisco, The Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz) - Reverse at the bottom of performance, Rehearsal period of demand -
New material degradation materials project, lithium phosphate project, etc.. The company is also actively promoting the “million-ton eva” strategy, with 3 units of 200,000 tons of photovoltaic eva devices currently being built in Iris, and later, with the full commissioning of the Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz) - Large Refinery project, which has been developed by the company.
Planning will be made for 100,000 tons of high-end heat-melt-leveleva devices, with the goal of creating the world's largest photovoltaic material product, the Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz) - short-term performance pressure, large-scale refining plus new materials driving the Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz)-eva-led performance, large-scale refining and new materials.
East Rainbow (000301.sz)-Srbian led a significant increase in performance, big refining Investment proposals: below profit forecasts, maintenance of the full-scale contribution of the Great Refinery Project, and higher oil profits.
In December, the process was smooth and fully operational, with a net profit of $1.93 billion in the first half of 2023. According to Drogen, the country’s oil refining industry recovered during the first half of the year as the economy recovered, with domestic diesel fuel fracking and the price spreads continued to fluctuate at a high rate, with the price spreads for diesel fracking being roughly in the range of $1,000 to 1700 per ton, on average.
Euros/tonnes, 57.2% more than the same year, moving into “Holden 9 silver 10” with a higher frequency of driving in the summer, increased activity in the infrastructure, transport, etc., and the demand for diesel fuel, which is expected to sustain the company's oil profits, which are expected to continue during the high season of the polyester industry, with a significant increase in the profits of the long silk. According to data from the middle fibre network, the current Pony/fdy/dty
The stock is 13/19/24 days, at a low level of nearly a year and at a low level in history; the Poy/fdy/dty Maori is either a household or has the possibility of placing an advance bill, so we'll be able to judge that the season of the long-fung filamentary tradition is expected to arrive ahead of schedule, as shown in figure 4: The long-filac stock (days)
Figure 5: The price differential ($/tons) for long-term detergents The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future