In the evening of August 10, 2023, the Eastern Rainbow released a mid-term report for the year 2023.
Crude oil prices are stable + high-refining operations, and corporate profits are constantly being repaired. The company's big refining item \triangleright, which was fully produced in the first quarter of this year, became the main contributor to the profits.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s profit-making contribution came mainly from the new materials plate for refining and chemical industries, with 1.93 billion net profits from rainbow refining and 179 million net profits from Srbon petrochemicals, in addition to the $626 million in impairment preparedness planned by the company; from a Māori perspective, the company ' s refined oil production.
In our view, improvements in corporate profitability are mainly due to cost-side pressures and demand-side voluntary production cuts, and crude oil supply is expected to shrink, but globally.
In the first half of 2023, Brent's crude oil averaged $79.94 per barrel, a change from 23.82% in comparison to 23.82% in ring comparison.
With regard to finished oils, the population has been on the move since the policy to prevent and control the outbreak was optimized at the end of 2022. As of June 2023, there was a cumulative increase of 56.30 per cent in domestic passenger traffic, and demand for finished oil was strongly supported.
But final consumption and infrastructure continued to warm, and as of June 2023, total domestic social retail sales of consumer goods had accumulated 8.2% over the same period, and capital investment had accumulated 10.15% over the same period. Companies were expected to perform in the run-up to the season of consumption + replenishment.
\triangleright Increase in travel radius, car air conditioning, traditional oil consumption seasons, demand endings
In addition, some of the chemical products, such as px, or benefit from increased demand for oil transfer, are expected to increase the price centre of the product. In the field of chemicals, major petrochemical products in the second quarter.
The price is down, and the stock of products is down, and the industry is actively moving to the reservoir.
In the polyester industrial chain, the filament stock ratio decreased by 5% in the second quarter, the average rate of downstream knitting was 58% and the ring was raised by 15 pct. We believe that, with the continuation of the stimulus policy, the cycle of refining downstream chemical repossessors is expected to open, with chemical prices, price differentials or upwards.
Lines; at the polyester end, accompanied by down-dipsing winter orders, the “Golden 9 silver 10” consumption season is expected to continue to improve, with company-owned dty high-end long-line varieties, whose profit space may be further opened.
In the first half of 2023, \triangleright's 2#Ethiool+phenol/propanone project became operational and further refined downstream.
In planning for new materials in the future, the company has also developed a multimillion-ton poe production project, which has been implemented in parallel with the eva+poe, promoting the entire industrial chain layout of photovoltaic membrane. In addition, the company has set up a posm and polyols project, which is now under way.
Building; advancing the first phase of a degradationable plastic project; and planning for a titanium phosphate layout project. We believe that the company ' s new material base is strong, subsequent production capacity is sufficient to release dynamic energy and high-additional products are rich, and it is likely to push the company ' s product profit center upwards.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net return profits for companies in 2023-2025 to benefit from their competitive advantages and industry climate recovery, respectively, and growth rates for companies in 2023-2025 to maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; inability to produce as much as expected; unprofitable polyester fibres; risk of excess refining capacity.
Member of the Committee, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COIAP), and for over a decade, working on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey Planning and Development Research, Revision of Coal Industry Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Issues, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Hongqing, head of the Shinda energy fossilization plate, doctor, former expert and assistant director of the China Institute of PEC, member of the China Council of Environmental Sciences Committee of Carbon High Carbon Central and Professional, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industries, etc.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiaotao, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Master of Financial Sciences, University of Xinnan Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.