The company released its semi-annual report for 2020, which generated operating income of $7.9122 billion, a decrease of 5.21 per cent in the same year;
The q2 company achieved a business income of $38.770 billion, an increase of 2.5 per cent in the same year; and a net return of profit q2 on end-use demand repair, with the company completing 94.949 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, an increase of 3.73 per cent in the same year and an increase of 5.41 per cent in the same year of 91.473 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity sold.
Electricity prices are stable, the price of coal is flat on a year-on-year basis, cost pressures are subdued, and profitability increases are significant. In the first half of the year 2020, the Department settled electricity online at an average cost of $416.65/megawatt hours, a decline of 0.68 per cent over the same year, with electricity prices largely stable.
In the first half of this year, the domestic market price for power coal went through a slow pace, a sharp fall, a steady rise, and the cci 5,500 power coal price zone, where coal prices fell and corporate profits increased significantly.
We believe that the current global supply of coal is easing, that the price of coal in the second half of the year is expected to remain green, that the cost side of the company is expected to continue to benefit, and that the performance of the company is expected to be high throughout the year.
Don't realize the net profits of the shareholders belonging to the parent company of $7.85 million, $8.75 billion, ps. 0.50, 0.52, West Side, 28 West Rixie Street, 1,000 Hengsheng Building, Land House.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, free of charge business on the 6th.
China Sea International Centre B, 17th floor, in a way, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. Readers who do not have business relations with the company are not its customers, and the company does not have proper responsibilities.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.