The Center for Research on Resources and the Environment reduced the price of coal for power generation, increasing the company ' s performance by 50 per cent, by 5,733 million yuan, an increase of 49.73 per cent over the previous year.
1. “The impact of the epidemic on electricity generation has declined, with the yield of electricity falling by 1,795 million kilowatt-hours, a decline of 8.05 per cent over the same period; the completion of the sale of electricity has dropped by 1,721.25 million kilowatt-hours.
Water supply is poor, hydroelectric power generation is declining, and q2 thermal power generation is not promising at the macroeconomic level as a whole 2. The positive growth has been achieved against the backdrop of a decline in impairments and an increase in coal prices.
q2 power coal prices fell by 15 per cent and firm profits increased significantly: company operating costs of 2020h1 3. “Coal price decline offsets the effect of the New Deal on electricity prices”, Fire Dragons, 8.65 per cent lower than the same period last year, and Māori increased by 3.2 percentage points, mainly from the share of business.
qhd5,500 coal powered at an average price of 520 yuan per ton in 2020q2, a 15% decrease from the average price of 614 yuan per ton in the same period last year, leading to a significant increase in net corporate returns. Coal prices are not expected to remain low in the second half of the year, with powered coal prices stable at around 560 yuan per ton in August.
The price of coal is expected to decline in the second half of the year, and the company’s performance is being consolidated: as the domestic economy recovers, the entire population is gradually returning to normal at a rate of increase and the company’s main power-generating area, Shandong Province, accumulates electricity.
We expect to return to last year’s same level in the third quarter. We expect the coal price to be 520-540 ton in 2020, with the price moving down and the company’s performance on fire and electricity consolidated throughout the year.
The impact of the epidemic exceeded expectations; electricity prices dropped significantly; and hours were used to decrease significantly.