The share of auto car parts and spare parts continues. The company published its annual 2017 report, which generated $14.487 billion in revenue for the year.
Automobile parts Cooperation between domestic and foreign clients such as Mercedes and BMW, with faster growth in the volume of domestic and external apparel packages; (2) Continued expansion of new and emerging businesses such as new energy sources and smart driving, broadening revenue and profit channels. At the same time, companies
A cash dividend of $10.50 (including taxes) per 10 shares of the Profit Distribution Programme for 2017 was announced, totalling robust growth in traditional major industries, with a “neutralized” and “internationalized” strategy gradually reducing companies' reliance on a single customer. $9,043.3 million in corporate and off-site accoutrements, representing an increase of 9.99 per cent in the same year, was the main tribute to performance growth.
Donors. Most of the company's interior and interior adornment products have been accompanied by a “neutralization” strategy, which has led to the gradual expansion of customers other than upper gas, and increased cooperation with major domestic ownership firms, such as the Volkswagen Cars, the Walls, the Gilly Cars, Biadei and others, and has optimized the domestic customer structure; and the implementation of the “internationalization” strategy, which has helped to keep pace.
The share of inner packaging in the global car interior market has also continued to rise, with production bases in North America, Europe, South Africa, South-East Asia and other regions now co-located.
Benz, BMW, Ford, the general public, and other well-known global whole-car companies. The ratio of revenue to the entire car from non-inflated cars has reached 43.2 per cent, and there is still room for further growth in the future as “neutral” and “internationalized” strategies continue to deepen, and corporate dependence on upper steam will continue to decline.
With many breakthroughs in new energy and smart driving, corporate profits and valuations are expected to rise in tandem. Companies are active: Chinese automobiles: reported as expected, “internationalization + zero” has expanded from traditional auto parts to new energy sources and smart driving.
Products such as power motors, power-drive systems, electrical air conditioning compressors, etc., have been supplied in large quantities, with the following models: erx5, e950 and Volvos90 combined power, wide-broad transmission gs4 mixed power.
It has been successfully developed as the country’s first autonomous provider of millimetre wave radars to produce volume. With new energy and intelligence driving products (e.g., a power-driven system in Washington, D.C., a smart car lamp in Shanghai, etc.) and subsequent volume production, the company’s revenues and profits will be further enhanced; at the same time, the company is supplied with traditional car parts.
The transformation of counterparts into high-tech car parts and components suppliers, such as new energy and smart driving, has also contributed to the valuation. First, robust growth, with year-round performance meeting expectations: companies published annual reports 2017, generating business income of $14.487 billion for the year, a year-on-year increase.
13.03 per cent long; net return to the mother of $6.554 billion, an increase of 7.87 per cent over the previous year; Māori rate of 14.47 per cent, a decrease of 0.19 per cent compared to the previous year, with a faster increase in the volume of domestic and external adornative business packages; and (2) sustained expansion of the company's revenue margin (including taxes), with a total of 3.31 billion yuan in dividends, representing a share of 50.51 per cent and more than 50 per cent for the third consecutive year.
The business contributed 20.68% of the company ' s revenue and 20.94% of its gross profit. The combined revenue of the two operations was 85.06%, or RMB billion, or 30.39%; the Māori rate was 16.80%, or 0.6 percentage points less than last year; the share of the company ' s revenue was 0.41 percentage points lower than the previous year. The company ' s functional composition and gold were affected by rising prices of raw materials such as steel, aluminium, etc.
In recent years, the Māori rate has continued to decline, affecting the company’s overall Māori rate. The prices of raw materials, such as aluminium, are expected to improve in 2018, as prices have gradually fallen since the end of 2017.
Figure 7: Average national market price of aluminum bauxite. Cost over the period: Company rate of sales in 2017, administrative rate of 1.36 per cent and financial cost rate of 8.34 per cent, respectively
The turnover of accounts payable is -26 days, a decrease of 6 days from the previous year. The firm’s cash cycle is negative and its absolute value is increasing, indicating that the amount of money it occupies from suppliers is increasing and the time it spends is increasing, showing the company’s operating effectiveness and its ability to negotiate upstream and downstream is increasing.
However, it was noted that the current-to-quick ratio remained at more than one, so that the ability of the company to meet its liabilities remained strong and there was no risk that liabilities would not be repaid in the short term.
The fall in Roe was mainly due to a decline in net interest rates (the increase in the cost rate during the period of the fall in the Māori rate plus the increase in the Māori rate). The fourth quarter saw steady growth: the company achieved business income of R$ 36.742 billion in the first quarter of the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of 16.98 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the return net profit of R$ 1,738 million, an increase of 8.00 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and the Māori rate of 15.66 per cent, a decrease of 1.69 percentage points over the same period of the previous year;
Net interest rate is 6.27%, a decrease of 0.73 percentage points from the same period the previous year.
Figure 19: Three rates for companies in the last 12 quarters.
The share of car interior interiors in the cost of the whole car has risen from 10.4% in 2011 to around 21% in 2016, according to the Carnet. It is expected that the value of car interior and interior apparel products will increase faster in the future as consumption rises.
Figure 20: The share of interior ornaments in the overall cost of cars continues to rise The traditional master industry has grown steadily, and the strategy of “neutralizing” and “internationalizing” has allowed companies to move away from a single customer influence. In 2017, the company generated $9,043.3 million in revenue from interior and external adornment business, an increase of 9.99 per cent compared to 9.99 per cent, representing an increase in the company's performance as a “barrel stone” from the company's internal and external adornment product.
With most of the original upscaling, through the implementation of the “neutralization” strategy, the company has gradually expanded its client base beyond the uppers, deepening its cooperation with major domestic autonomous branding companies, such as the car, the Great Wall, the Gilly and Biadi, and optimizing the domestic customer structure; and through the implementation of the “internationalization” strategy, the long-line interiors (the company managed the global interior of the car with Jiangsen, United States, in 2016).
Reorganisation, the formation of the long-fisted interior company, now the world’s largest car interior company, 70% of China’s holdings), and the market share of the global car interior market is also increasing, with production bases now spread across regions such as North America, Europe, South Africa, and South-East Asia, with global brands of Mercedes, BMW, Ford, the general public, etc.
This is 43.2% compared to the 43.2% achieved, and there is a further upward trend in the future as the “neutralization” and “internationalization” strategies continue to deepen, and companies’ dependence on upper steam will continue to decline.
New energy and smart driving have broken out several times, and corporate profits and valuations are expected to rise in tandem. The current market is more likely to view the public sector as a traditional car parts company that specializes in manufacturing and making adornments inside and outside cars, so valuations are relatively low.
With regard to new energy, the company currently has power drives, power-driven systems, electric air conditioning compressors, electric air conditioning and heat management systems, and hybrid power systems. At the same time, according to the company’s October 2017 announcement, the company proposes to co-invest in the establishment of the company with Magna International.
In China, Magne Power Driving Systems Ltd., which integrates the main camp into new energy vehicles, such as power generators, transformers, controllers, etc.
In terms of smart driving, the company’s adas 24ghz back-to-millimeter radar product was successfully launched in 2017, becoming the country’s first autonomous provider of millimetre-to-volume-realized radar. At the same time, in 2017, the company acquired 50% of the remaining share in Shanghai’s Xiaobing and helped to further integrate the small-to-lighting business of Shanghai’s cars.
The growth rate of automobile sales has slowed faster than expected; prices of raw materials have risen significantly; new business has not expanded as expected.