In recent days, the company has published a quarterly report on operating income/motherhood net profit/deduction net, respectively.
The profits of 2,769 million yuan/386 million yuan/495 million yuan, representing a 29.31 per cent increase in the same year and a 32.97 per cent increase in each of the company ' s business sections, with a 29.31 per cent increase in income from the same year, with clinical coo operations maintaining a high rate of growth; subject to a high rate of profit growth in the main business, fair value changes, return on investment
The impact of these factors is a 32.97 per cent/87.54 per cent increase in net parent profit/discount non-mother ' s profit over the same period; after deduction of equity incentive costs, exchange rate fluctuations and gains, adjusted net noon-ifrs ' return profit is equal to the same gain.
The growth of 28.3 per cent is commensurate with the growth in income. The growth in new business, new productive capacity and incentives for key talent have been slightly lower than in the previous year; the rate has gradually improved with the rapid expansion of the company’s new business and the gradual release of productive capacity.
2. Cro/cdmo International Lead, Integrated Pharmaceuticals Quarterly Ring Increase by 1.85%. Cost level is generally stable. Sales costs/management costs/research and development costs Expansion of operations, equity incentives and consultancy costs, increased R&D inputs, and lower net interest expenditure.
Gain of $134 million on fair value changes in the current period, mainly due to the loss of fair value of the invested companies, such as the company ' s listed company, unitity biotechnology, and Huamedicine; and investment returns of $211 million in the first quarter of the year, mainly due to the enterprise ' s being invested in wuxi
As a result of the increase in holdings, domestic R & D outsourcing services will continue to grow high over the long term, driven by global industrial shifts and the emergence of Chinese pharmaceutical innovation.
Households provide full-scale, integrated, end-to-end small-molecular new drug development and production, medical instrument testing and precision medical research and development production services. The advantages of the entire industry chain are evident, client conversion rates are increasing, business synergizes are increasing, orders are increasing steadily, and performance is increasing steadily.
Wang Jianli, release risk, loss of core technicians, regulatory risk, ip protection risk, offshore investment wind (8621), 60230221
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment