Quarterly Review 2019. Quarterly Review. Quantico.
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2019, which generated operating income of 2,769 million yuan, an increase of 29.31 per cent over the same period; net profit of 386 million yuan, an increase of 32.97 per cent over the same period; growth in the reduction of withholdings, an increase of which we believe is in line with expectations, in the case of China District Laboratories, Small Molecular Cdmo, and the United States District.
There has been a rapid growth in all segments of operations, including laboratory operations, where the continued high growth of clinical co-operation has been impressive. 2) The net profit from withholding non-repatriation has increased by 87.54 per cent over the same period, well above the net profit from relativity by 32.97 per cent, mainly due to a fair value change gain of $134 million over the reporting period.
The same ratio was significantly reduced by unitybiotechnology, inc., which was invested by the company ' s listed company, and Haamedicine, among others, whose fair value loss offsets the gains from the revaluation of foreign exchange in the future. 3) Intra-firm growth was strong, excluding multiple disturbance factors.
Cost of equity incentives, gains and losses associated with exchange rate fluctuations and amortization of intangible assets obtained from business consolidations Responsive, net profit of non-ifrs increased by $32,0 per cent to $523 million on a year-on-year basis: net profit/loss of realized and unrealized equity investments and joint ventures was eliminated and adjusted for net profit of non-ifrs
The growth ranged from 28.3 per cent to 519 million yuan, which is consistent with the income-end growth rate, with strong endogenous growth.  Māori has declined slightly, and key financial indicators are good. 1) During the reporting period, companies achieved Māori, strong capacity and capacity-building, with a relatively low Māori rate, while increasing the cost of critical talent incentives
The increase is slightly higher than the increase in income. 2) The rates of sale costs, management costs, and financial costs were 47.49 per cent of the increase in management costs, representing an increase in share-sharing and consultancy fees in 2018a. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $190 million, a significant improvement over the same period last year.
After more than a decade of intensive farming, the company has become China’s largest and the world’s leading drug research and development outsourcing leader.
Preclinical development into clinical trials to develop drug research and development services across the entire industry chain of small molecular chemicals production; company business indicators leading the way, building on platform advantages, digging for existing customer needs while expanding substantially to long-tail clients, best able to share in the era of pharmaceutical innovation
Outsourcing services in the Blue Sea market; parallel to the continued expansion of the platform ' s capacity to develop comprehensive drug discovery in China ' s region1 and the evaluation of Pharmacy Condé (603259) 2018: new model of services, with progress or patent fees available outside outsourced services; investment in publicly listed companies ' equity,
Non-listed corporate equity and venture capital funds, risk investment leads to an increase in performance.2 In-depth report by Pharmacy (603259): Drug Research and Outsourcing Leads, The Strong of the Age of Innovation.
3 “Pharmonous Condolence (603259) incident review: performance forecast 4 and “Pharmonous Condé (603259) three-quarterly report 2018: robust growth in the main battalion and overperformance of overall expectations”
Eung Heung's Stock Exchange: Strong growth and performance against expectations
Increased growth of the ceiling due to the development of treatment services, medical equipment detection services and capital operations, and the prospect of sustained strength, maintenance of a “highly recommended” assessment of the financial and intellectual boom in the East
Eung Heung's Stock Exchange: Strong growth and performance against expectations
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant.
If you are a researcher, you will be able to analyse your own research views.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.