High growth of pharmaceutical biology, strong performance of return on investment, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: operating income of $2.77 billion in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 29.3 per cent in the same year; net profit of $390 million, an increase of 33.0 per cent in the same year; net profit of $490 million after deduction, an increase of 87.5 per cent in the same year.
In February of the year, ipo brought about an increase in the holding of wuxihealthcareveldilp.)
The average value of the inward investment target is lower than the previous year, and the investment of unitybiotechnology, huamedicine, etc. is 25 million more than in the same period of the previous year. The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, adjusted for the impact of such factors as equity incentive costs and exchange rate fluctuations, increased by 28.3 per cent to 519 million yuan.
Reflecting the high rate of healthy growth in the company’s core business. At the same time, the company’s performance pre-eminence indicator – a platform for employee integration – is emerging, and it is expected that the strategy of expanding services along with the development phase of the drug molecules will gradually come to fruition. In 2018, the company helped clients complete the ind declaration of 27 small molecule innovations and acquired 17 projects.
The next 10 years will be the period of rapid development of domestic innovations, and companies will benefit fully from the dividends of the rapid development of domestic innovations.
Advances, companies are expected to bind orders from customers to obtain later stages of process optimization certification, clinical cro, and commercial production, bringing more significant benefits in the form of milestone money and sales withdrawals. • Companies have an international perspective and scientific high, and emerging industries have been set up to contribute to future development in recent years.
Investing in electropharmaceuticals, cloud doctors, wuximedlmune, pharmaceutical health data, doctor education, innovative drug orientations, companies such as wiximedlmune, phagelux, etc., in a joint- and joint-venture model, guaranteeing further access to participants who reach more healthy pharmaceutical ecosystems and maintaining a scientific frontier to protect future gains
1. Pharmacy Ming Condé (603259): lead business continues, and emerging areas are far-reaching (2019-03-24)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.