The company issued its first quarter report in 2019.
Income growth was strong; net profit return was $386 million, an increase of 32.97 per cent over the year; basic data on deductions (2019 q1)
Net profits of $495 million, an increase of 87.54 per cent over the same period, were mainly due to the increase in investment returns resulting from the increase in profits of some of the companies ' shareholdings, which in the first quarter of 2019 resulted in a total of $211 million in corporate investment earnings: gains and losses on fair value movements of $134 million
Dollars, mainly due to the loss of fair value of a invested company, such as unitybiotechnology, inc. and hua medicine, which were invested during the reporting period, offset the revalued gain of the forward fair value of foreign exchange. In terms of the cost of the period, the company’s sales and management costs were $105 million, respectively.
295 million yuan, representing 3.78 per cent and 14.69 per cent of the cost of sales and management, respectively, and increasing the cost of personnel costs (including cost-sharing of the MDMA Equity Incentive Scheme in 2018) and companies as leading companies in China ' s pharmaceutical outsourcing industry, which continue to support domestic and foreign pharmaceutical enterprises.
In 2018, the company helped its clients complete the ind declaration of 27 small molecular innovations and successfully obtained a clinical trial batch of 17 projects. In addition, in the last six months, stocks were compared to 300 depths.
With the help of the Division, Gonorrhea C, the new drug for Gorewet, and the new drug for colon cancer, the yellow platinum, have been successfully marketed domestically. The company’s vast research and development experience and high-quality service capabilities are constantly attracting domestic and international pharmaceutical companies, and its future performance is expected to continue to benefit from the high levels of global innovation.
Rapid growth: In 2018, about 1,400 new customers were added to the company, serving more than 3,500 customers in more than 30 countries around the world. With the rise of biopharmaceuticals in recent years, the company has continued to deepen its long-tail strategy to meet the growing number of small and medium-sized biotechnology enterprises, mostly small and medium-sized assets.
“Integration, end-to-end” platforms have been built to provide comprehensive and customized services to clients, helping to reduce the threshold for new drug research and development, improve the efficiency of research and development and enable successful partners; risks of changes in industrial regulatory policies; increased risks from competition in pharmaceutical research and development services;
34.46 times the exchange rate risk. We believe that companies, with their integrated research and development platforms and extensive experience, are constantly helping global pharmaceutical companies to improve the efficiency of new drug research and development and to deepen strategic partnerships with their clients.
Clients are more sticky, so as the innovation industry abroad improves and domestic pharmaceutical research invests, corporate performance will benefit significantly from the fast-growing number of customers and orders. Moreover, in the course of developing research and development innovations, companies can improve the country.
The domestic pharmaceutical research and development environment, with companies actively promoting industry-to-business interactions around the world using their rich resources, has been accompanied by a growing corporate influence in the global pharmaceutical industry, gradually transformed from a research and development service provider to an industrial platform, and has continued to be instrumental through investment and cooperation.
In this process, corporate performance will further benefit from investment returns, growth and new forms of cooperation, with clear growth. We look forward to the future of the company and give it a “prudentially increased” rating.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.