Coal prices are the main driving force behind the company’s growth in performance. According to the announcement, factors such as the continuation of the climate in the coal industry, the relatively high performance of the price \triangleright, the profits of the company’s coal plate have increased considerably over the same period; and the company’s electricity has increased.
The plate was largely affected by the national coal supply stabilization policy and the rise in marketed electricity prices, which was lower than the previous year; however, the company focal block was affected by such factors as the downside of the coke price and the continued high price of raw coal, which was higher than the loss, which was smaller \triangleright.
In four quarters of the year, the company achieved a net return profit of 1,529 million yuan ~ 3,533 million yuan, which is expected to continue to rise in 2023. Looking ahead, in 2023, we believe that the power-fired coal gap continues.
In order to guarantee the use of electric coal, some of the coal refined is used as electric coal, with a relatively concentrated supply of coal added to it, and large enterprises have been able to achieve long-term coverage of the coal resources under their control. Overall price volatility has slowed, and we expect that the overall price of coal refined in 2023 will be stable. With the frequent landing of real estate policies at the end of 2022, in 2023.
The demand recovery is expected to be higher, and the supply of coal is expected to be in short supply. The company’s master association of coal production is buying assets from the group, and future output growth is to be expected.
Coal in Shanxi (000983.sz) 3-quarterly reporting points in 2022 and the titanium coal industry. In 2022, the company completed the acquisition of shares in the Hua Jin-ho and bead industry, involving coal.
According to the Group bond collection instructions, by the end of 2021, the largest shareholder, Shanxi 2. Shanxi Coal (000983.sz), was evaluated as having acquired China's coal production capacity of 207 million tons, of which 140 million tons were produced by the main mine, cutting off listed companies.
After the production of energy and the capacity of the Mountain Coal Group (the main asset of which is the Mountain Coal International), there are still about 60 million tons of the main mine, and the company still needs to raise $4.4 billion, ps or face further spread.
Review: Significant improvement in business performance and expansion of the equity trading programme in the i.e. the coal industry, which includes the issuance of shares by listed companies and the payment of cash to purchase assets and the collection of matching funds, which are currently on the market and which will continue to be made available to no more than 35 investors in the future.
The 22-year-old q1 performance forecast is based on the current stock q1 performance scenario: 22q1 is a record high in profits, and the total amount of the total is not more than $4.4 billion.
The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.