China
Tsingtao Brewery-A
Successful mix upgrade
ADD
Consensus ratings*:
Tsingtao reported net profit growth of 19.8% yoy in 3Q19, in line with our expectation.
We expect Tsingtao to continue its mix upgrade in FY20F to drive up its ASP and
margins.
Falling barley and paper prices will also support Tsingtao's GPM in FY20F.
We initiate coverage on Tsingtao-A with an ADD rating with a DCF-based TP of
Rmb54. For comments on previous results, please refer to our research notes on
Tsingtao-H.
Reuters:
Strong 3Q19 earnings growth
600600 CH
Bloomberg:
Tsingtao's 9M19 sales grew 5.3% yoy to Rmb24.9bn (87% of our full-year FY19F sales
US$8,576m
Market cap:
forecast), and net profit was up by 23% yoy to Rmb2.6bn, in line with our expectations. In
Rmb60,385m
3Q19, total sales slightly declined by 1.7% yoy. The 5.9% volume decrease was partially
US$42.15m
offset by a 4.5% ASP increase. The volume of its core brand, Tsingtao, fell by 2.4% yoy
Average daily turnover:
in 3Q19, and the volume of its sub-brands declined by 8.9% yoy. We believe the volume
Rmb297.7m
decline in 3Q19 was mainly due to 1) clearing the channel inventory that had
accumulated by the end of June, 2) weak sales in nightlife channels, and 3) relatively
Free float:
cooler weather the past summer, which reduced beer consumption. We expect
Tsingtao's channel inventory to return to the normal level in 4Q19F and forecast sales
Key changes in this note
growth of 6.2% in FY20F.
Successful mix upgrade expected to drive up margins
Tsingtao's overall ASP in 9M19 was up by 5.2%, with flattish volume growth of 0.7%,
which was in line with China's 9M19 beer industry output volume growth. Tsingtao
continued its premiumization, and the volume contribution of Tsingtao, its core brand,
was up by 1.5%pts to 49.1% in 9M19. In 3Q19, Tsingtao's gross margin improved by
1.8%pts yoy to 32.2% mainly due to a product mix upgrade and a VAT cut. The S&D
expenses ratio was 16.1% in 3Q19, up by 0.8%pts, but partially offset by better control of
G&A expenses. Its OPM improved by 2.1%pts to 14.1% in 3Q19.
Lower raw material prices to support margins in FY20F
The international barley price has been falling since Aug, dropping by 26% yoy in Aug-
Oct, which should benefit Tsingtao's gross margin for 4Q19F and FY20F. The paper
price also fell by 16% yoy in 9M19, which should reduce Tsingtao's packaging material
costs. We now expect Tsingtao's gross margin to expand by 0.8%ppt and 1.1%pts yoy to
29.7% and 30.8% in FY19F and FY20F, respectively, because of a mix upgrade and
lower raw material prices.
Continuing to shut down underperforming plants
Last year, Tsingtao closed two plants: the Yangpu plant in Shanghai and the Wuhu plant
in Anhui province. We expect Tsingtao to continue to close 1–2 plants in 4Q19F. In FY18,
Tsingtao incurred one-off plant closure expenses of Rmb195m, and we expect similar
plant closure expenses for FY19F. We believe the shut-down of underperforming plants
will improve Tsingtao's utilization rate and margins in the medium to long term.
We initiate coverage on Tsingtao-A with an Add rating and a DCF-based TP of Rmb54.
Our TP is derived by applying a 5% premium (historical average A-share premium) on
our TP for Tsingtao-H. We like Tsingtao because of its successful product mix upgrade
and falling raw material costs. Positive catalysts include 1) stronger volume growth in
4Q19F and 2) better margin expansion. The risks include 1) weaker-than-expected beer
consumption, and 2) stronger competition.
Analyst(s)
Lei Yang
Sun Feifei
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Successful mix upgrade
Food & Beverages | China
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
國 銀 河 國 際
Food & Beverages | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
ADD
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.