Long power technology (600584.sh) Electronic integrated circuit iii 24q3 camp has a one-season high, and the previous layout has begun to increase its contribution
Long-term electricity technology generated 9.49 billion yuan, an increase of 14.9 per cent in the same year and 9.80 per cent in the ring, an increase of 9.80 per cent in the first quarter of the year; a net profit of 460 million yuan, a decrease of 4.39 per cent in the same year; a return of 440 million net profits from non-repatriation; and a steady increase in the performance of the plant under the electric technology flag.
The recovery has been steady, and the company's pre-winding has begun to contribute; revenues from the first three quarters of the four major applications of communications, consumption, computing and automobiles have increased by double digits on a year-on-year basis, with telecommunications reaching nearly 40 per cent.
Companies strengthen inventory management, supply chain management, and ensure efficient flow of operating funds; accumulated operations in the last three quarters generated RMB 3.93 billion in cash, an increase of 29.7 per cent compared to the previous three quarters; and continued expansion of motor electronics and long-power technology to take advantage of new opportunities.
Partly, they deal with a large number of data and control orders to ensure efficient and stable operation of the vehicle smart system. As car intelligence and electrification accelerate, vehicle chip performance requirements increase, bringing new development opportunities for the semiconductor chip industry.
The size of the semiconductor market will be $25.9 billion, and the vehicle power semiconductor market $16.6 billion. Long-term technology will provide a diversified and reliable package test solution and accompaniment capacity for autopilot chip clients. The company ' s product type already covers a variety of smart pods, smart web links, adas, sensors, power devices, etc.
Application areas. The company ' s eight major production base plants, both in and out of China, have joined the International Aec Automobile Electronics Commission, the first to enter China, through the iatf 16949 certification (quality management system certification for the automobile industry).
At the same time, the company has set up an electronic auto production plant in the new section of Shanghai, accelerating the construction of an advanced containment base for the large-scale, highly automated production of chips.
Material development and certification, and connecting core power-driven modules to seal production lines and successfully provide samples to internationally recognized customers. Millions of smart cars worldwide are now equipped with fully automated driving chips that are covered by long-electric technology.
The delivery was completed on 28 September 2024, and was incorporated into the merger on the day of the handover. In semiconductor storage long-electric technology: a double increase in the conglomerate of 24q3 battalion, the market area, company sealing services covering various stored chip products such as dram, flash, etc., for more than 20 years.
Disc completion of the delivery of the extended storage advantage – Hawkin securities – electronic – long memory encapsulation volume experience, 16 floors of nadflash stacking, 35m ultra thin chip production capacity, hybrid heterogenetic stacking, etc., are in the lead in the domestic industry.
Long-range electricity technology: focus on high-value-added applications, market share in advanced encapsulation sub-areas, establish closer strategic partnerships with clients to leverage/net profit increase in global semiconductor holdings of companies - Joaquin securities-electronic-long electricity
Building a solid foundation for the continued development and leadership of the storage market. Enhancing international layout and operational capacity, enhancing the functionality and brand image of headquarters outside the sea, and raising brand visibility and market influence.
Sustainable investment in domain R & D - Chinese securities - electronics - long power technology - investment proposal: Considering the overall weak recovery in the semiconductor cycle and the decline in corporate M & A rates, we adjust long power technology: China will actually control the industry.
Power technology: buy-up to expand storage advantage & upgrade customer sticker 43.0/26.1/20.4 times. Given the long-power technology roll-out of XdfoiTM full series of products, of which Chiplet is highly secret
The multi-dimensional isomer integration process has entered a stable production phase as planned, future market performance such as numeracy/sustainability/cars is expected to continue to improve - the company Joaquin Securities-electronics-electronics continues to demand more advanced encapsulations, and the consolidation of industrial resources, such as the scaffolding semiconductor/hua Yume, has either gained advantages or highlighted.
Maintenance of the “buy-in-a” rating. Current industrialization risk; major raw material supply and price change risk; industrial resource integration less effective than expected