Long-power technology (600584.sh) Electronic integrated circuit iii expected to double in 2403 battalion by the same ring ratio and expand the distribution of the palate when it is completed
As a result, the global semiconductor industry is recovering mildly. According to sia, global semiconductor sales grew in the first half of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023; sia expects global semiconductor sales to recover in 2025.
The stock turnover of the design company and semiconductor distributors has reached a high point of 2023q1, and 69.78 days indicate that the industry is moving well. In downstream applications, the growth of the demand of the one is driven by logic and a rapid rebound of the high-end storage demand. The consumer electronic heat recovery, with 2024h1 worldwide smartphone sales of about 5.75%, has been reported.
Semi, while the consumer electronic recovery led to a 2.6 per cent decline in the water level of the global inventory of c, in the area of automobiles and industry, overall demand was weak in the first half of 2024, looking forward to the second half of the year, with the completion of 80 per cent of the shares of the car-grade chip and the industrial chip subconductor, expanding the storage sealing advantage.
The revised and restated agreement on the transfer of shares, which met all the prerequisites for the transaction to be cut, was completed by the two parties on 28 September 2024, and the chassis semiconductor became an indirect controlling subsidiary of the company.
The CD-ROM production product corresponds to the inand flash module, sd, microsd memory, and downstream products can be widely used in the areas of mobile communications, industrial and physical networking, automobiles, smart homes and consumer terminals.
The company’s market share in the electronics field of storage and operation. After the completion of this transaction, the seller, Sandiskchinalimited, and its associates, will continue to be the subject of the company’s master or sole customer, and the company will receive certain guarantees of its performance, and the company will list its finances.
This will help to enhance companies’ long-term profitability and enhance shareholder returns. Long Shin Technology: Focus on high-value-added applications, advanced envelopes, and continue to increase research and development inputs, focusing on high-value-added applications.
For 2025, it is expected that the semiconductor market will continue to recover, and further growth of the company’s business is expected to be driven by the company’s growth.
Long-range electric technology: one season high in 23q4 camps, key leaders, increasing R & D inputs and expanding production capacity, promoting the construction of new plants, and preparing for them.
On the one hand, it continues to focus on advanced high-performance sealing and testing of capacity expansion and R & D. On the other hand, for part of the current cycle, Chang Shin-Technology: China's Hua-yun will be the real control of the industry.
To the extent that there is a clear recovery and that existing capacity is scarce, an expansion of productive capacity meets the needs of clients.
Managing the growing production demand for chips, on the one hand, and sustained investment in auto electrons, new generation power device models, long-power technology: acquisition of greater storage advantages — upgrading of customer glue groups and high density tip technologies; and support for strategic investment projects, including long power microscopic and porting car factories
Q4 total orders were restored to the same period last year, with operating income of $330.69/383302/41.13 million by 2026, at a rate of increase, respectively.
31.7/22.3/18.8 times as much growth in multiple sectors. Given that long-power technology has launched a full range of XdfoiTM products, the Chipplet multi-dimensional isomer integration process has entered a stable production phase as planned, with future numeracy/sustainability/cars, etc.
The demand for advanced envelopes has continued to grow, with the advantage or prominence of consolidating industrial resources, such as platinum semiconductor/Hawayan, maintaining a “buy-in-a” rating. This is based on the risk of industrialization; the risk of changes in the supply and price of major raw materials; and the fact that industrial resource integration has not worked as well as expected.