Recovering downstream demand, q3 battalion has a record high, long power technology (600584), 3rd quarter 2024, briefing point, 10 October 2024.
Incident: Corporate disclosure of the third quarter of 2024. Company combined operating income in the third quarter of 2024. Liu Monjing, estimated at RMB 9.49 billion, represents an increase of about 14.9 per cent over the same period last year's combined operating income.
Chen Wei-Gwang benefited from a recovery in downstream demand, with 24q3 earning a record high. Since 2024, with consumer market demand stabilizing, storage market warming, artificial intelligence and high performance computing, etc.
s034020060001 Activating factors such as heat field application, the global semiconductor market re-engineer trajectory in 2024.Wsts data show global semiconductor sales of $29.8 billion in the first half of 2024.
This represents an increase of 18.1%, with China’s semiconductor sales of $8.723 billion, a rise of 25.28% over the global average. Substream demand recovery for the benefit, and a quarterly improvement in the company’s crop rate, driving q3 to record highs. Specifically, the company is expected to merge 24q3.
The technology layout is comprehensive and focuses on high-value-added applications of high-performance containment technology. As a global condensed leader, the company has a comprehensive technology layout and masters advanced global containment techniques, including fc (rewind), ewlb (inlined crystal-class grid array), Tsv (silicon perforated envelope)
In recent years, companies have continued to focus on high-performance seals.
High-value-added applications of installed technology, increased strategic layout of car electronics, high-performance computing, storage, 5g communications, etc., further enhance core competitiveness. Companies have a prominent role in sealing and are expected to continue to benefit from downstream heating and product attachments.
According to chipinsights, in 2023, the Global Commission ranked third in the world in terms of market access for external seals, with long electricity technology ranked third in the number of osat manufacturers, and the highest in mainland China, with global cities accounting for about 10.27%.
There is a clear advantage in size, technical capacity and operational efficiency, and it is hoped that in the future it will continue to benefit from higher plant productivity as a result of the warming of downstream demand, as well as higher profitability as a result of developments in higher value added areas such as numeracy, resilience, automobiles and electronics.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.