Transport banks (601328) Transport banks: Bad ring ratio improved, reforms steadily advanced, bad rate ring improved, provision pressure still in place. Bad loan rate at the end of 2016
At the same time, there was a "double drop" in the overdue loans. But at the end of 2016, the pay differential went down, but the structure was optimized. The narrow net income gap was a problem for the banking sector as a whole, causing a slowdown in the rate of revenue growth, but both the income structure and the asset structure of the transactions.
The ratio of total market value/flow (millions of yuan) has also been rising, with total profits from individual gold operations increasing by 51.16 per cent over the year, profits as a proportion of profits, successful issuance of priority shares, replenishment of capital adequacy rates.
Reforms are well under way, and the International H stock listing will be completed this year. Hand-over is a pilot of banking and hybrid business reform, which is progressing steadily, but the pace of progress is still regulated.
Silver International's listing in Hong Kong is on schedule and is expected to be completed by 2017, and the international listing of silver will facilitate an upturn in the value of the value of the value of the value. The investment proposal is that, while there is still pressure on the transport bank to make a provision, the company's valuation is low.
And as a pilot bank for the banking mix, the value of the investment has been raised once the reforms have accelerated. Combined, transport banks: the negative ring ratio has improved, the reforms have steadily advanced, the bad rate ring has improved, and the stress of the provision is still on.
At the same time, there is a “double drop” in the balance of overdue loans, which is expected to be $5.15 billion, and a decrease of 0.4 per cent in the rate of overdue loans from the beginning of the year. In terms of disposal of non-performing loans, cumulative pressure on non-performing loans amounted to $50.6 billion for the year, of which $268 was collected in cash. In 2016, the handover successfully completed its first negative asset securitization and disposed of bad assets of $4.9 billion.
An initial implementation programme has been developed, with a falling interest margin, but with an optimal structure, and a narrow net income gap is a problem for the banking sector as a whole, with no exception in the case of cross-border transactions.
While lower interest differentials slowed the growth rate, there was a trend towards improvement, both in the income structure of the turnover and in the asset structure. Retail loans grew by 19.42 per cent, higher than the overall increase in the size of the loan, retail operations increased, and total profits of the gold business increased on a year-on-year basis.
Successful issuance of priority shares to supplement capital adequacy rates. In 2016, the successful release of 45 billion yuan worth of priority domestic shares increased capital adequacy for the largest and lowest current commercial silver and bank shares with nominal dividends.
By the end of 2016, the pass-through core-level capital adequacy rate was 11 per cent, down by 0.14 percentage points from the end of 2015, first-level capital adequacy rate was 12.16 per cent, up by 0.7 percentage points from 2015, capital adequacy rate was 14.02 per cent, up by 0.53 hundred reforms from the end of 2015, and the International H Stock Listing Bank will be completed this year.
In 2015, the State Council approved the Deeper Transport Bank Reform Programme. The transition is a pilot and a pioneer in banking reform, and is progressing steadily, but its pace is still constrained by regulatory constraints.
In terms of internationalization, the London branch, the Rome branch of the Luxembourg branch, and the Paris branch have opened and the hand-off of bbm (Brazil bbm) has been completed. In terms of integration, subsidiaries are strengthening synergies.
As the reform project moves forward, the dividends of the reform will be released gradually, benefiting future valuations. Transport banks: the negative ring ratio has improved, and the reform has moved forward steadily.
Bank of Transport: The bad ring has improved, and the reform is progressing steadily.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report