On October 22, 2023, billions of yuan, an increase of 52.01% over the same year.
The first performance appraisal was awarded in part for the period 2024-2027, with targets for the accumulation of operating income, the high-end light module operations growing faster and issuing equity incentives for long-term development, and according to the company announcement, the company achieved revenues of $3.026 billion in q3 in 2023, a year-on-year increase.
14.90 per cent, with a 39.67 per cent increase in ring ratio; net profit of 682 million yuan in return for the same year as growth in the development, design, encapsulation, testing and sale of high-end optical communication modules in the corporate collection, providing high-speed light modules such as 100g, 200g, 400g and 800g for cloud data centre customers.
Provides high-end, holistic solutions such as a 5g forward, center and return luminous module for telecommunication equipment providers, as well as for backbone and core network transmission light modules. In the 2022 lightcounting ranking of luminous module manufacturers, Intermediary and coherent are ranked as the world ' s number one.
With regard to the operations of the main battalion, faster growth in the volume of high-end module shipments was achieved in the first three quarters of 2023 and the demand for rapid increases in global arithmetic and bandwidth was supported by a sustained increase in the volume of high-end module products on orders for 800g and 400g in the third quarter; 800g output was produced
The supply of core raw materials has been effectively secured through continuous upgrading, laying the foundation for full delivery of 800 g; silicon light and thousands of new products such as 400g/800g have been validated and recognized by priority customers to speed up the process of market import.
In terms of incentive schemes, companies issue a third restricted equity incentive scheme, which is awarded to all the incentives identified by the Remuneration and Evaluation Board and adopted by the Board of Directors, including directors (excluding independent directors), senior managers, middle managers and core technical (business) cadres.
Dry (including holding subsidiaries). The results of the first performance appraisal targets awarded for part of 2024-2027 were divided into five tranches, corresponding to 100 per cent (a, b), 50 per cent (c) and o (d, e), respectively, and the number of restricted shares actually owned by the incentive audience in the year = individual = individual.
Quantity of annual plans attributed to Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. XI per cent of individual levels of attribution.
We believe that the rapid development of the ai is further proof of the need for arithmetic, that the luminous communications network, the 9th House of the City of the City of the West Side of Beijing, is an important foundation and solid base of the arithmetic network, and that the company is leading the global light module.
With a view to fully benefiting from the growth of the telecommunications market, the momentum is stronger and there is scope for growth, and the company ' s Māori ratio is expected to increase further in volume. > Corporate products are rich in variety and have strong advantages in size. >
The company has been focusing on the development of the light module industry, with a wide range of product types including 10 gsfp+, 10 gxfp, 25gsfp28, 40gqsfp+, 100gcfp4/qsfp28, 400gsfp/qsfp, 800gsfp/qsfp-d800, which are capable of meeting the various scenarios and providing customers in the areas of cloud computing data centres, wireless access and transmission.
Photocommunication module solution. Main operations are currently carried out mainly through a fully-owned subsidiary, Xinjiang Su State, and a controlled subsidiary, Chengdu Khan: A fully-owned subsidiary, Xinjiang Su, is dedicated to the development, design, encapsulation, testing and marketing of high-end optical communication modules, product uniforms
In the areas of cloud computing data centres, data communications, 5g wireless networks, telecommunications transmissions, and fixed network access, domestic and international households. Companies focus on technology development and promote the development of products in high-speed, miniaturized, low-power, low-cost directions, providing high-speed light modules for cloud users, 100g, 200g, 400g and 800g, and for telecommunications equipment providers.
5g front, center and backlight modules, applied to high-end integrated solutions such as urban area networks, backbone and core network transmission light modules, and optical devices applied to fixed network fttx fibre access, maintaining a leading stock and market share within the industry.
From chip envelopes to optical appliances to vertically integrated product lines for PV modules. In lightware, companies are at the same level of leadership in product design, sealing, and production. In light modules, companies continue to increase their input into product lines and increase their capacity reserves.
With a more competitive advantage, automated technology is at the forefront of the domestic industry. Figure 4: Chengdu saves part of the product line.
In terms of continuous innovation, Xuzhou is a member of the Osfp Enterprise Industrial Union for the iee light communication module and of the iee802.3dituq2forponconversion, as well as a member of the tc6-ray device wg4 working group of the ccsa China Communications Standards Association ' s transmission network, and an association member of cfp, qsfp-ddd.
The company has a single-mode parallel optical design and precision manufacturing technology, multi-mode parallel optical design and coupling technology, high-speed electronic devices, design, simulation, testing technology, and autonomously developed a fully automated and efficient assembly test platform. The company is also taking the lead in the industry in the use of chiponboard (cob) optical device design and encapsulation technology.
On December 4, 2020, the company also launched the first 800g OSfp and qsfp-dd800 series of light modules in its ecoc 2020 online exhibition. In January 2021, the company's 200g/400gcfp2dco trunking module was singled out as “The year 2020 light.”
Communication is the most competitive product.” In 2022, 800g of the self-designed silicon chip was displayed at the ofc2022 site with OSfp2*fr4 and qsfp-dd800dr8+silicon light modules. As of the end of 2023h1, companies had cumulatively obtained 41 foreign patents and 294 domestic patents, of which 122 were authorized to invent.
The light communication industry has not developed as much as expected; the price volatility of raw materials; the development of the light module market has not developed as expected; it has been employed in the Chinese start-up securities, vendors' securities, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, covering the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing idc industrial chain, the cable & telecommunications new energy industry chain, the smart car & smart grid industrial chain, the 5g industrial chain, etc.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. In December 2021, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Program, which conducts research in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, new sources of cable & telecommunications, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.