Intermediate stupor (300308.sz) Communications group 800g to boost profitability and improve performance on a quarterly basis
On 22 October 2023, the company published a three-monthly report for 2023, which enabled it to operate during the reporting period.
2. Mid-Smart Corporate Review: Higher-end product volumes, higher-than-expected profit growth, $3.03 billion, an increase of 14.9 per cent in the same year, led to a recovery in the company ' s income in the previous three quarters. The high-speed light module increased its share, resulting in an increase in the Māori ratio of 3.8 pp in the same year.
In addition, the company continued to reduce its efficiency gains, with all three cost ratios falling the same year, adding Māori improvements to the previous three quarters, bringing the overall net interest rate up to 18.67 per cent, an increase in the same year.
The fund-raising project ensured productive capacity, and the high-end high-end module orders of large clients continued to grow. During the reporting period, companies continued to increase their production of new directions, new product R & D layouts, 800g and related series of products, and 1.6t and 800g silicon-light modules were developed successfully.
And into the detection phase, the cpo (photo-coupled) and 3d containment technologies are also continuing in the R & D process. The demand for arithmetic has boosted the demand for 800g and 400g light modules, and has accelerated the process of upgrading to higher-speed products, with the company holding 800g capacity.
The company raises funds to build a high-end module production base in Suzhou, which will further enhance the production capacity of high-end products and ensure that high-end module technology overlaps.
In North America, capital spending on the 800g module is growing on a quarterly basis, and the demand for the 800g module is increasing. Companies have the capacity to produce 800g light modules in bulk, with large client orders in hand and high-end production.
In addition, the company’s acquisition of Chongqing electronic access to market channels and customer resources in June will accelerate the import and volume of new car-borne electronic products, such as car-borne light interconnection, laser radar, etc.
Taking into account that large overseas factory-ai arithmetic inputs will drive demand for 400/800g light modules, we look forward to the macroeconomic downturn in North America; capital spending by overseas Internet producers is not as high as expected; and trade friction between the United States and the United States is rising: competition is increasing beyond expectations of falling prices; and new products are not being developed as expected.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market