Midlife Cream (300308.sz) Three seasons of over-expected performance and 800g high-end light module significantly increased profitability
At the same time, the company published the Third Restricted Stock Incentives Plan (draft), which is intended to award 1 00% of the total stock stock of the company at the time of the announcement of the incentive to the target. The first of these was awarded 720 shares, set aside for 800,000 shares.
The Division achieved revenues of 3,026 million yuan, an increase of 14.90 per cent over the same period, and 39,67 per cent over the ring; achieved good performance, with a significant increase in profitability, mainly benefiting from the new demand for high-speed light modules in the new global era for the company as the global 800g light module leader, followed by the major North American clients in the third quarter.
Upgraded orders for 800g and 400g, the company’s fast light module output has grown rapidly, significantly increasing the company’s profitability. The company’s q3 Māori ratio is 33.5%, an increase of 3.8 percentage points from the same year, benefiting notably from high-speed light module products such as 800g. We believe that the current global era is still in place.
The high demand for the 800g light module and future high-end products such as 1.6t continues.
The Māori rate has increased + the cost rate has declined, and the company’s profitability has continued to increase: institutional investors with a significant increase in Māori rates have a share in the circulation of a share.
Against this background, the company has continued to reduce its efficiency gains, and the net interest rate has increased further. The cost of the company ' s third fee decreased by 1.4 percentage points from the previous three quarters to 1.6 percentage points from the previous quarter; the cost of R & D decreased by 6.7 per cent to 1.5 percentage points from the same period.
The net interest rate is expected to rise further in the future as the company ' s high-speed light module rises, and the arithmetic marketers benefit significantly: the area of aigc has recently been catgpt-catalyzed, and major domestic and international manufacturers have accelerated the deployment of this area. From 2012 to 2018, training ai
The need for arithmetic has increased by 300,000 times, and the emergence of large models has since accelerated the demand for training numeracy, which is 10 to 100 times greater than the original numeracy, and with the large-scale spread of aigc in the future, demand is higher than expected, and the company expects high-speed light modules in the next few quarters, especially the 800g new product.
The ring will grow further, and will further boost this year’s growth and profitability. We believe that the rigid demand for global numeracy, the policy-driven build-up of domestic numeracy, and the earlier expectations of the market for the offshore macroeconomic recession, as well as the overseas cloud, will be reversed.
The concerns about lower capital spending by the company's 800g light module and the future 1.6t light module product will either become a revenue and profit contributor in the next two to three years against the background of global computing needs.
Insurance; 3. Capital expenditure by overseas cloud producers is less than anticipated. iii. Cash flow statement. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.