3rd quarter 2023: Continued increase in profitability, 22 October 2023.
The third-quarter report of 2023 was issued by Mid-Sud, where 1) the company achieved a revenue of $7.03 billion in the first to third quarters of 2023, an increase of 2.4 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $1.3 billion to the mother, a net profit of $200 million in the same year, an increase of 95.0 per cent in the same year. The company’s performance exceeded market expectations.
2. The company issues the third restricted stock incentive (draft) scheme, which is intended to award (direct release) 8 million shares to 109 persons, including directors, executives, middle managers and core technical (business) cadres, representing about 1.00 per cent of the company ' s total equity at the time of the draft announcement.
• Corporate profitability continues to increase. 1) We judge that the company ' s high-speed light module continues to drive profits up, reaching 31.8 per cent in the previous three quarters, 3.8 percentage points in the same period, 33.5 per cent in the same year and 3.8 percentage points in the same year; 2) companies continue to optimize
The profitability of the company is expected to continue to rise as the product is released at an accelerated rate. The build-up of arithmetic power abroad is robust, and the domestic demand for light modules like 400g is expected to grow rapidly.
(a) Review of corporate profitability: Overseas 1: we expect overseas light module orders to be honoured and sustainable in the context of a mispositioning of customers, while opportunities for structural change in supply shares remain downstream;
It is clear that, in anticipation of accelerated deployment of the ai high-speed light module,2 domestic: ai arithmetic-related products, projects and orders, we expect a significant increase in the pacing and size of the home-grown ai light module.
Mid-Smart (300308); high-end light model  stable at both the supply and demand ends of the industry chain, promising to capture demand to keep opening up the performance space
Upstream supply side: We believe that intermediary creation is a leading industry venture in light modules, with upstream supply and price advantages, while companies, as head suppliers to large downstream customers, can help to secure supply, so if there is a shortage of raw materials such as photochips in the industrial chain, the company still has to do so.
A stable supply of raw materials, such as photovoltaic chips, can be guaranteed to the greatest extent possible; 2. Downstream demand: we believe that companies have a stable supply relationship with important downstream customers, that they can keep up with product renewal cycles, that they can respond quickly to customer demand and that they can maintain quality supply.
We believe that this logic has been validated in the company’s last two reporting periods and is expected to continue to evolve.
The opportunity to continue to increase profitability, with the net return of the company from 2023 to 2025 falling short of expectations from R & D; increased competition in the industry; and a tight supply of raw materials.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.