q3 performance exceeded expectations, and \triangleright continued to push up 400g&800g demand \triangleright net profit to the parent of $1,244 million, an increase of 59.64% from the same period.
A total of 3,026 million yuan was collected, representing an increase of 14.90 per cent in the same year, a 39.67 per cent in the ring, a net return to the mother of 682 million ai demand continued to push up the 400g&800g light module demand, and the performance of the enabler q3 was remarkable: in the first quarter of 23q3 the net return to the company of 14.90 per cent and 89.45 per cent, respectively, increased respectively.
This is mainly due to the need to benefit from the rapid increase in global arithmetic and bandwidth, the continued increase in three-quarter orders for 800g and 400g from big ai clients and the faster growth in the volume of goods delivered. At the same time as the high growth in demand, the public sector ' s 800g capacity continued to increase, and the supply of core upstream raw materials was effectively secured and paid for 800g.
Ma Tin’s payment provides a solid guarantee. At the same time, the company’s cost control for the first three quarters has been excellent, with R&D rates falling on a year-on-year basis, with a steady increase in the share of high-end products represented by 400g & 800g, Mäori rates have kept growing:
\triangleright, Magave, has launched a new round of equity incentives to further boost the momentum of the core workforce: 22 October.
\triangleright issued the third draft of the Restricted Stock Incentives Scheme, which is intended to award 8 million shares to the target audience.
Assessment: i needs support for 800g acceleration, Māori & net tier managers and core technical (operational) cadres total 109 people. For the first time, in terms of performance appraisal targets, the extension area layout was awarded to further open up the growth space -
The first attribution period for restricted stocks requires a revenue of at least $13.5 billion in 2024 or a net return to the mother.
Performance forecast for 2022: performance meets expectations and new investment proposals, such as 800g & associated modules: a continuous increase in demand for 400g/800g light, taking into account the heat of the ai
The increase in the ratio of product receipts has been significant, and we have adjusted our profit projections, with company plans for 2023-share additions and 800-g-cyclical growth engines of 10 38x18x15x. The company is the global luminous module leader, and it continues to be kept in the luminous module segment of the market.
The lead and share will continue to benefit from the increased demand for high-end luminous modules brought about by the ai and cloud computing. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.