In the third quarter of 2023, profits grew by 89.45%, and equity incentives were released. In the third quarter of 2023, profits grew rapidly.
Quarterly revenues of $7,003 million, or 241 per cent, were realized; net returns to mothers reached $1,296 million, compared to zhukunxu@guosen.com.cn net returns to mothers of $682 million, or +89.45 per cent. The company’s profits grew rapidly in the third quarter.
The increase in profitability stems from high-speed light modules such as 400g and 800g. In the third quarter of 2023, company gross interest rates reached 33.54 per cent, net sales interest rates were 21.98 per cent, with a continuous increase in the three consecutive seasons.
The release of the third restricted stock incentive scheme is expected to drive firm growth over the long term. In the interest of sound corporate leadership, it will attract and retain good talent and effectively leverage shareholder interests, corporate interests, and core interests.
Together with the team’s personal interests, the company has released its third restricted equity incentive scheme. The current equity incentive scheme is intended to award 8 million shares to the incentive audience, with a price of ai hardware investment trend, and the company will be fully profitable as a global headlight module manufacturer in 2023.
I've made a breakthrough in development, and global head cloud producers are increasing their investment in matching hardware infrastructure, representing Microsoft, Google, and so on. Middle Xinjiang and coherent are ranked first in the world as global head models, according to the Lighting 2022 module manufacturer rankings.
The company is expected to develop fully in the future. “Immediate XI (300308.sz)-800g light module release leads to increased profitability.” “Immediate XI (300308.sz) - increased profitability, 800g demand is expected to increase.
Considering that one is in a fast-growing phase and that the light module is an essential hardware component, the company, as a full middle-rise (300308.sz) - performance is in the medium of the forecast and continues to benefit from the head-light module manufacturer, is expected to benefit fully from a rapid increase in industry demand of 800g, taking into account public demand.
" Midmiddle Quest (300308.sz) - second quarter increase in profitability, benefiting from high end production, the third quarter of the Division ' s profit increase is more visible and based on the long-term needs of ai, and we turn up " Middle Quest (300308.sz) - a good start in a quarter, benefiting from 400 g light models "
Figure 1: Medium-to-Middle-to-Medium Business Income and Growth (million yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Medium-to-Medium Business Income and Growth (million yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Medium-Tomory Net Profits and Growth (million yuan, per cent)
Figure 4: Net profit and increase in the mid-season period from mother to mother (in millions, per cent) Figure 5: Māori rate and changes in net interest rates from mid-season to mid-season to three rates changes in the mid-season quarter
Figure 7: Cash flow situation for middle-rises (millions) Figure 8: Medium-rise inventories and quarterly movements (millions) Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
1. Low-speed light module: maintenance of previous projections, which had been projected to continue to optimize the delivery structure of the company, and to reduce the revenue share of the low- and medium-end module in the future, taking into account that the market itself is also upgrading the light-rate and demand for the low- and medium-end-rate module
Taking into account the flexibilization of the ai scene for the high-speed light module requirements and the upgrading of the high-speed light module rates in the traditional data centres, we believe that the high-speed light module requirements represented by the company at 800g speeds are expected to enter the release phase, that the Division, as the global leader, is expected to benefit fully and that the company is expected to increase its revenue in the high-speed light module in 2023-2205.
Because of the fact that the 800g light module was released relatively quickly to represent the need for hardware infrastructure, in 2023, starting in the third quarter, high-speed light module harvests, such as the 800g light module, increased faster than expected, Māori: three consecutive quarters of 2023 benefited from higher high-speed product release, Māori rate rising, projected
In the fourth quarter, the ratio of high-speed products increased further, thus raising the Māori ratio assumption for 2023, considering that the light module itself had an annual drop in product properties and that high-speed products faced a decline in the unit price of products in 2024-2025: taking into account the company ' s management rate of 4.12 per cent for the first three quarters, we will adjust the management rate assumption.
Investment proposal: Considering that the one is in a fast-growing phase, that the light module is a hardware requirement, that the company, as a head-light module manufacturer, is expected to benefit fully from a rapid increase in industry demand of 800g, and that the third quarter of the company's profit increase is more visible and based on the judgement of the one's long-term needs, we have increased the company's profit forecast for 2023-2025.
Infrastructure needs continue to be released, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future.