The third quarter net return profit grew by 89.45 per cent over the same period, and the equity incentive highlighted long-term confidence - the third quarter of 2023.
On the evening of 22 October, the company released its three-quarter report for 2023: operating revenue in the first three quarters.
The arrival of large clients 800g and 400g has continued to increase. In addition, the construction and upswing of high-end light module production bases and factories in Thailand in Suzhou is proceeding in an orderly manner, and the supply of core raw materials has been pre-positioned, laying a solid foundation for full delivery of 800g.
At the profit end, the company achieved a significant improvement in the overall Māori ratio and net interest rate with the leading R&D, high cost and cost control capabilities of its industry. In 23 years, the Māori ratio of the company grew by 3.81 points over the same period, which largely benefited from the optimization of product structures and an increase in the share of high-speed products. In order to maintain the Māori ratio, the ratio increased.
Long-term continuity, ongoing research and development on high-end corporate products, and market imports are ongoing, with Silicon Lights 400g/800g and related new products, such as the National Dollar Securities Corporation ' s Study-Middle Cream (300308), 2022, validated and endorsed by key clients.
The net interest rate of the Division increased by eight points in the first quarter over the same period, mainly as a result of the start-up of the “fee control” target at the beginning of the year, which saw sales grow by 14.95 per cent, high-speed products increased and profitability increased significantly.
Equity incentives are radical, demonstrating long-term confidence in future markets and companies.
Quarterly report points: Optimizing product structures and bringing down efficiency gains, corporate first dollar, an incentive that highlights companies’ long-term confidence in the market and their high-quality development.
The deployment of the high-speed light communication network has accelerated with the increase in the demand for arithmetic and bandwidth. Considering that the company has a layout in advanced technological areas such as 1.6t, silicon light, and that some of its products are entering the detection phase, high-speed demand falls short of expected risks, uncertainty in the international political environment, and raw material supply bottlenecks.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professionalism of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.