Europa Homes (603833.sh) The Three Horses One Strategy Drives Homes Front Line Long-term Competitiveness Rating: Higher than Average Industry
In the first half of 2017, companies realized operating income, operating profits and belonging to shareholders in listed companies.
Net cash flow is $615 million, which is higher than the net profit for the same period. On a quarterly basis, the company’s income and profits in the first half of the year increased significantly in q1/q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 = the same year, affecting profit levels on a continuous basis. In the first half of the year, the company’s revenues increased at a high rate (+34.69%), and the Māori rate was affected by the introduction of the preferential package, falling by 2.03 pct. to 2.03 pt.
1. The two-growth pole model establishes that growth will be strong in the future - 2. In-depth research by Europa Homes - the master of cabinets has been growing rapidly, with a little more in the second half of the year.
Introduction of a “Broom+” operation strategy aimed at deep-deeping and addressing the pain and need of kitchen life. Through one-stop and one-stop service models, complete quality kitchen life programmes for consumers will accelerate market occupancy and brand penetration. In the first half of the year, the company continued to enhance the end of the cabinet.
Now, speed up the web site layout, the Europa+Opery brand, with 220 new cabinet doors and a total of 2.819 specialized stores, and promote a steady growth of 19.28 per cent in business income. In the second half of the year, the company plans to improve the efficiency of the business by promoting a high-priced top-of-the-star package, combined with a suite of meals.
Design and offer to maximize consumption demand to raise the value of the consumption bill. Cable: The company's industry ratio begins with the introduction of the “special package – house-wide 19,800, custom-made furniture-filled” package, which addresses the inherent tenacity of custom consumption, “inflated” and “indeterminate” prices. The company operates at the functional level of furniture.
Further excavation and development led to the launch of 22 hardware functional accessories and a series of nine new samples in six areas of the home. The company ' s new meal packages and products were launched with great consumer approval, (8621) 60935563
In the first six months of the closet business, 63.23% of the growth was achieved.
Intra-media and auto commercials increase brand visibility. With company-to-wood operations building in end-building, channels, branding, etc., revenue increases by 52.97%.
In the first six months of the year, the company realized that the company’s bath service had been implemented, and completed the layout of the blank network for key provincial cities such as Jinan and Shijia.
The company uses Skycat Electric as a communications platform to raise its influence through large-scale campaign planning and branding projects. 6.18 The company achieved second place on the shower order net during the electric company's carnival, third place on the bathroom, third place on the cabinet sale, and the overall brand rose from none to 10.
In order to ensure that people are able to develop their own business, companies launch exclusive marketing channels, and carry out a business battle of “upgrading and opening up businesses”
In the first half of the year, the exclusive shop covered 8 new cities, 12 new ones, cumulatively covering 61 cities, bringing the total number to 65. In order to increase the circulation effect of the door shop, more than Pyramids are staying in the middle shop and 200 Pyramis or more.
Three business models have been presented, and a cost subsidy policy has been introduced to support and boost distributors in a targeted manner. At present, the growth model, based on a firm’s more robust access to exclusive channels, has led to a significant increase in overall performance over the month.
The strategy is designed to be a design-driven one-stop shop with a full-house package model of 59800/79800, which will enhance the supply capacity of the one-stop custom-based home-based solutions. The sub-brand O’Hara breakthrough, and the two-brand model development model will be established.
A brand-new Obeli, designed to quickly open up and quickly take over the low- and medium-end markets of home brands. A viewer, dominated by the provincial capital and the second-line city, covers a number of four-fifth-class cities.
Through large-scale marketing campaigns, market space has been expanded, and new business models in the low- and middle-end, rejuvenation of brands have evolved. We believe that, depending on the company's existing competitive resources, “Opery” has a pre-competitive advantage over other custom brands, and “Eurasian” and “Operani” will interact with customers.
In terms of marketing information, companies continue to push forward and refine the applications of information software in new sales models, and improve the design skills of end designers across the board.
In terms of manufacturing informatization, companies have re-engineered manufacturing systems such as the wcc smart 3d billing system, upgraded the production cycle management of plm products, and now market and manufacture software with seamless interfaces across business processes.
Total production of furniture products was 535.5 million units in the first half of the year, an increase of 68.13 per cent in the same year, average order production 6 days shorter cycle round, order delivery on time 97.13 per cent higher, per capita delivery efficiency improvements, collaboration between international advanced information technology companies such as Oracle, and continuous upgrading and optimization of digitization operations
In view of the company’s ability to expand the overall capacity of the closets on the market in ipo, the company continues to improve the “one-to-one” industry, the layout of the wooden door and sub-brand business, and the new performance growth is taking shape. We maintain the public.
Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations; risk of rising costs of raw materials; growth of “one-to-one” doorhouse revenues is not expected and information is not built up as expected.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.