The company published its 2017 semi-annual report. During the reporting period, the company achieved revenue of 3,875 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
34.69 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is $414 million, an increase of 33.42 per cent over the same period.
During the first half of the year, the company grew 34.69 per cent over the same year, and the net profit from the same year increased 33.42 per cent over the same year.
In the first half of the year, 2125 European distribution stores and 694 Austrian distribution stores. (2) In the case of closets, the company has taken steps to deepen the new model of house-wide customization, the new process, through the marketing of “package” and the functionalization of the home.
The Unit's excavation, development and roll-out of new items compared with the trend of depth 300 resulted in a recovery of $1.23 billion, an increase of 63 per cent in the same year and 10,000 yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 29 per cent and 53 per cent in the same year.
In the reporting period, the company ' s Māori rate fell by 2.04 pct to 34.12% on a year-on-year basis, thanks to effective cost control, and the financial cost rate fell by 0.11 pct to -0.13%.
While staff remuneration, office expenses and depreciation amortization in export and management costs have increased more, the rapid increase in revenue has reduced the corresponding cost rates; the decline in financial cost rates is mainly due to increased interest income on deposits and reduced financing costs.
In the first half of the year, Europe saw a 20% increase in its performance, with eight new member cities growing to 61, and 12 new stores increasing to 65. Europe focused on integrating all of the company's product categories into its clients.
The provision of one-stop custom-made furniture solutions is expected to be a driving force for sustained growth. (2) Within the reporting period, s0101,16080010, Opri was successful in recruiting nearly 100 individuals, mainly the provincial capital and the second-line city.
Four or five cities, with 144 shops and 694 doors in the Ophori cabinet, have evolved into a new business model for low- and middle-level branding. A restrictive equity incentive program has been implemented to highlight the company’s management’s confidence.
This year, the company launched its equity incentive scheme, targeting 835 persons, including the current vice president of the company, the secretary of the board, the financial liability, the European household (603833) semi-annual fast-performing, middle-level managers and core technical (operational) staff, which was completed at the end of June this year.
Reported increases: high profits continue, with closet receipts increasing by no less than 20%, 44%, net profits increasing by no less than 30%, and 69%, respectively, compared to 2016. Through the introduction of restrictive equity incentives, companies effectively leverage shareholder interests, corporate interests, and core teams
2. In-depth report on home ownership in Europe (603833): determining that personal interests are linked and also demonstrating management ' s confidence in corporate development prospects and performance growth.
The company is a leading firm in the custom sector, and we look at the consolidation of the `clear +' business strategy for the corporate sector, the integration of the whole group, and the future development of Opri's business at the middle and low end of the market.
1 - Increased competition in the industry; 2 - higher prices of raw materials; 3 - downside sales of real estate. Chen Baidu, Master of Technology Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Confederate Democratic Securities Institute, research in light industry and listed companies.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.