Europa Homes (603833) Light-manufacturing, multi-manufacturing, custom-made tap, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company announced that 17H1 achieved a revenue of $3.87 billion, an increase of 34.7 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $410 million, an increase of 33.4 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of 29.5 per cent after deduction. Of this, q2 achieved a revenue of $2.43 billion, an increase of 44.9 per cent, a net profit of $360 million, an increase of 33.4 per cent in the same year.
The four main categories of goods have been growing rapidly, and the growth has gradually become apparent. As the most well-developed company in custom-made furniture, the Europa cabinets, closets, guard baths, and wooden doors have been growing faster, with an increase of 19.3%/63.2%/29.2% and 53%, respectively, in the first half of the year.
There are currently 2,819 cabinets, of which 2,125 are at the Opay Gate and 694 are at the Ophori Gate. The Oppa Lei shop is operating at a significantly faster speed than the Oriente, with nearly 100 successful vendors in the first half of the year becoming the new growth point in the cabinet business.
In addition, companies have been active in expanding their businesses, including wooden gates, sanitary baths, to achieve a cumulative 20% increase in their performance, with eight new member cities, with a total of 12 new shops. In order to achieve a rapid flow of people, companies have launched three types of shops of different sizes and sizes.
To achieve further penetration of the consumer community, the company will in the second half roll out a full suite of 59800/79800 meals, designed to drive consumer consumption at the core and to meet the demand for home-based customization. Currently, there are 65 and 144 subscribers, respectively, in Europe and Ophelia.
In addition, the company increased its efforts to promote Europe's business town and to work with Skycats to boost the current effect, bringing the electricity provider's revenue to $590 million, a significant increase of 89.4 per cent over the same period. The Maori rate recovered and the advance payments increased faster.
The turnover rate has also increased considerably over the past quarter, reflecting the increased efficiency of the company’s operations. Sales and management rates have fallen slightly to 12.3 per cent and 9.9 per cent, with faster income security.
The company focuses on information-based construction in flexible customization, real-time monitoring of local production and sales through cabinet monitoring centres, production synergies between groups of goods, and a smaller “average order production cycle” of furniture production lines.
In six days, the speed of delivery has increased, with the “order delivery rate” rising to 97.13%, compared to the profit forecast and investment proposal for the same period last year. Companies are moving forward with home-wide customization strategies, and the vanguard effect continues to manifest itself, and we believe that companies will continue to benefit from the cost advantages of flexible production and informatization, and that there is much room for growth.
Assumption 2: the company’s efforts to expand house-wide customization to create a multiplicity of products, such as “European” brand power, such as closets, wooden doors, and sanitary baths, will gradually raise the price of a passenger’s unit over the next three years, with an expected increase in the price of a passenger’s unit of 10-15%.
Assumption 3: Māori rates declined slightly in 2017 as a result of the rise in raw materials prices, but as the company ' s capacity utilization increased, the effects increased, production efficiency and cost controls increased further, the Māori rate steadily increased, and Novo did not receive, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.