A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with Lime to promote the integrated sale of food security appliances and kitchen cabinets, and a strategic cooperation framework agreement was signed between the company and Shanghai Lime on 29 June.
29 June to 30 June 2022; during its validity period, Shanghai Forest was the only cooperative brand and manufacturer of the company ' s gas-heating water products/products, during which the company did not introduce or produce/sell other brands of water heaters.
The \triangleright agreement, which commits the company to promoting exclusively the products provided in Shanghai Lin within the retail outlets of the company's own shops on-line, and during the life of the agreement, the two parties are working together to reach 50% of the products in Shanghai Lin in the company's channels.
The second half of 2017 was largely market-based, with limited impact on performance during the year, but the cooperation has taken full advantage of its advantages and the future opportunities for multiple forms of data exchange/interactive exchange and cooperation between the two sides are conducive to the long-term development of the company.
As a custom-made furniture lead business. The unit is in the front line of the store to raise the value of the goods, and the unit is in the front line of 300 feet, with $4.37 billion in the company ' s kitchen cabinet, $2.02 billion in the closet, and the product sales industry is in the lead in 2016.
At the same time, in 2016, the company’s kitchen/seller dealership averaged $1.55 million and its direct-account shop $12.5 million, all of which are at the forefront of the industry.
According to the Chinese Cooker Network, the proportion of consumers aged 26-35 is 41 per cent, and the order of $120,000 is 42 per cent.
\triangleright \triangleright
In 2016, the production capacity of the company ' s whole kitchen cabinets, overall closets and custom wooden doors was 500,000/years, 730,000/years and 150,000/years, respectively, with the full delivery of new production lines in Guangzhou, Tianjin and Tin-free, and the company ' s national production profile will be further improved, with a significant increase in capacity.
Production efficiency has continued to improve and unit costs have been declining. The production cycle of company kitchens and closets has been reduced by 1-2 days since 2014, and the cost of raw materials, manpower, manufacturing, etc., has continued to decline, with cost of kitchens and closets falling by 20 per cent, 18 per cent, labour costs by 5 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively, and manufacturing costs by 5 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively.
9% down, 20% down, and the overall kitchen and closet rates have risen by 8.32pt, 5.11pt. We believe that Audrey is expected to be a new growth pole in corporate performance, an increase in the power supply rate, house-wide customization, 1. Europa (603833) depth report:
The development of the other cabinets may be the driving force behind the rise in the value of the guest list, looking at the company's home-wide custom and brand-new O'Palley furniture flagships, looking at O'Palley and the house-wide fixation, the progress of cooperation with Lin is not as much as expected: the increase in raw materials; the spread of O'Palley as expected; and the expansion of capacity.
Chen Baidu, Master of Technology and Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, conducts research in light industry and listed companies. Fong, Master of World Economy, Foreign Affairs Institute, joined the Institute of Private Securities in 2016 for research in light industry and listed companies.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,