High profits continue to grow, and the revenue contribution of the closets stands out: European households (603833) reported a fast-track annual performance rating in 2017, which increased by 34.69 per cent, compared with 34.69 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by $414 million, compared with 33.42 per cent.
Profits continue to grow at a high rate, and closet revenue contributions stand out \triangleright grew 34.69 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period, net profit returns grew 33.42 per cent over the same period, and performance was high
During the reporting period, the company continued to expand and optimize its marketing channels around the Three Horses-by-Car strategy, enhancing its marketing end advantage, increasing its market share, maintaining a steady increase in the revenue from the kitchen, and moving its overall performance as the euro-based brand dividend was released, O'Shealey was rapidly promoted, and capacity was further expanded in the future.
At the end of June, the company signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement with Shanghai Lin.
Within the retail outlets where there are stores, efforts are made to promote the supply of specialized products in Shanghai. During the duration of the agreement, the two sides worked together to achieve a match rate of more than 50% of Shanghai Forest products in the company channels. In the second half of 2017, mainly market-based, with limited impact on this year’s performance, but this collaboration was fully successful.
In the future, there may be multiple forms of data exchange/interactive exchange and cooperation between the two sides, in the interest of the company's president, to implement a restrictive equity incentive scheme to highlight the company's management's confidence \triangleright
By the end of June of this year, the company implemented its equity incentive scheme, targeting 835 persons, including current vice-presidents of the company, boards, financial directors, middle managers and core technical (operational) staff, and completed the award of the restricted equity incentive scheme, which effectively brought shareholders ' interests, corporate interests and core team individuals to the company.
The benefits are linked, and the management’s confidence in the company’s development prospects and performance growth is also evident. Thirdly, profit predictions and investment proposals suggest that we believe that Audrey could become a new growth point in the company’s performance, an increase in the cook-up rate, and a set-up of the whole house.
The development of other products may be the driving force behind the increase in the price of the unit, keeping in mind the company's home-wide customization and the new brand, O'Shealy O'Sheath (603833) event review: signing a strategic cooperation agreement with Liny to promote the use of cooking appliances.
Integrated sales with cabinets (20170630 1); increased competition in the industry; 2, higher prices of raw materials; 3, less than expected promotion by O'Connor.
The leading furniture industry, which is concerned with the development of O'Hara and the whole-house system, 20170613 Chen Baiu, M.A. in Technical Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 was joined by the Allies Democratic Securities Institute, which conducts research in light industry and listed companies.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.