The closets grew rapidly, and the three horses kept moving, profiting 410 million dollars, an increase of 33.4 per cent, of which 2.430 billion dollars were collected in the second quarter.
Long 44.9% net profit of $360 million, an increase of 33.4% over the same period, and a steady increase in cabinets. The company cabinets generated $2.18 billion, an increase of 19.2% over the same period.
Large-scale life systems, providing one-stop-shop services to consumers, have led to a rise in the price of one-stop shops. As the cabinet industry as a whole moves into maturity, companies, as the largest ones, have increased their incomes at a robust pace and have been able to take a firm lead.
Billion dollars, an increase of 63.2% over the same year, were significantly faster than other mainstream home-based custom-made companies. The company’s “19,800” home-based tailor-made package was somewhat different from the competition’s “799” projection area, and had a positive effect.
The container service accounts for 31% of income, which is the main driver of growth in the first half of the year. In the second half of the year, the closet and wooden door operations will open up deep integration and multi-species will be added to the single price of customized operations, bringing new growth.
The Three Horses is moving well. In the first half of the year, eight new cities were joined, 12 houses were opened, and the first stage of the process is to provide home-based home-based solutions, which are designed primarily to be driven by design, and the second half of the year, the entire “59800/79800” package was launched with a good spot; in terms of informatization, the company continues to optimize.
Including the wire-to-line electrical marketing system and the large-scale custom-made furniture production system, which generated electricity revenues of $590 million, an increase of 89.4 per cent over the same period, and production, the “average order life cycle” of the furniture-making line was reduced by six days, per capita delivery efficiency was increased by 19.56 per cent and the controlled cost rate was reduced.
1.87 per cent; during the first half of the year, O'Connor recruited 102 vendors, opened 144 shops, supplemented the low-end, young brands of companies in the provincial capital and in the city of Second Line 3. The new marketing system has been able to upgrade the competitiveness of the channels through a system of post-system advantages.
The company is the largest custom-made furniture enterprise in the country, with cabinets and closets at the top of the industry.
201.7.26 A year of successful package marketing, followed by light-work manufacturing: home-based light-working, etc., after everyone's business continued.
Yang Ji-wei, Zhao Xiao Yi