It's a big show, and we're all in the front line of the strategy.
1) During this period, the company achieved revenue of 2,182 million dollars, an increase of 19.28 per cent over the same period. During this period, the company continued to optimize its recruitment reforms, strengthen its marketing terminal advantages, speed up the layout of its web site, and contribute to the development of new processes such as micro-stores, displays, informatization, end incentives and optimization, and marketing.
Launching a first-ever business strategy in the cabinet custom industry, digging deep into the pains and needs of Chinese families living in kitchens, using user thinking as a guide, planning five systems: "Live washing, laziness, star-cooking, sorcery, quality of life" and from a product set.
The multi-faceted system of food, design, marketing processes, etc., has built a whole system of “brooms plus”, which has grown significantly in the first half of the year beyond the average in the closet industry; (2) the closet business has generated revenues of $1.23 billion, an increase of 63.23% over the same period.
The new home-wide customization model led to the introduction of the “19,800” package within the industry, the development and roll-out of nine new product sets covering the six main spaces, while maintaining the highest growth rate of the industry during the first half of the year, with the capacity of a powerful belt for the cabinet business, which is available in the second half of the year;
3) In the area of the business, the company's “Operani” brand door is active in the “Golden Nanny” and “100” support schemes through the introduction of the “1+10” marketing system.
In parallel with the promotion of the print media, the use of the “four-way-four-way” medium in the steel car and the advertising of the body in the car named O'Phone have raised the value and visibility of the wooden door brand and increased its branding. In the Bainbasket business, the company has increased its cooperation with electricity suppliers, and this was achieved during the 6.18 Electricer Carnival Festival.
The shower order net was second in performance, the bathroom cabinet was third in performance, and the overall branding rose from none to 10; the Māori ratio declined and remained at a better level in the industry.
The rates are 31 per cent and 35.98 per cent, respectively. Sub-operations: 35.09 per cent in the first half of the year, 36.15 per cent in the first half of the year and 36.15 per cent in the first half of the year.
(a) More stringent relative to retail markets, resulting in pressure on net operating cash flows and Māori rates of companies, but still at a better level in the industry;
• Benefiting from the advantage of size, the cost rate performed better. During this period, the cost of corporate sales was reduced by 0.1 to 2. Euro households: issuing equity incentives by 12.3 per cent, management costs by 0.9 to 9.9 per cent, and total costs by 1 per cent.
The net interest rate of the company has been stable against a background of high fluctuations in raw materials and rapid expansion of large businesses.
Europe’s role as a leader in the industry is as active as the market at the retail end as it continues to grow at a rapid pace as it actively develops deep cooperation with real estate providers, which is an important strategic layout for the company.
The net cash flow of the company during the first half of the year increased by 8.48 per cent to $615 million over the same period;
The high volatility of raw material prices and the adjustment of payments by companies to upstream suppliers to target price risks, which resulted in an increase in advance payments between 93.4 per cent and $149 million in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis, helped to reduce the risk of cost fluctuations;
(a) The expansion of the channels and the rapid expansion of the closet business (1); 1) the Europa cabinet business: the net increase of 37 to 2125 cabinets in the first half of the year, including about 800 kitchens (about 38 per cent); the expansion is expected to be about 100+ throughout the year;
2) Europa closet operations: net increase of 371 to 1765 closet doors in the first half of the year, higher than expected rate of closet doors, expected to accelerate further in the second half of the year, and the explosion of closet channels is expected to provide a solid basis for high performance growth next year; 3) O'Harry: total of 694 cabinet doors in the first half of the year, 144 for everyone (cooking complexes), total number of shops
In the second half of the year, the strategic rollout of the “59800/79800 full house” model was launched, with the full roll-out of the company’s business model, which is fully accompanied by multi-product products. The residential model is now the final site for the entire industry to explore.
As a leader in the business, both in management and in capital, it has the power to lead the industry actively in developing new models. Although it will take some time to "touch the rocks across the river," a useful attempt by a leading company is likely to lead the business once again in the new business.
Mr. Liu, who has been personally responsible for the main marketing line manager (formerly introduced to the corporate marketing management structure), introduced the innovative 6-30m2 Euros-in-the-model, 30m2 Euros-in-the-house (redress) channels, and 200m2 or more Euros-in-the-house custom stores, and introduced the corresponding cost-subsidization policy.
Support for distributors. During this period, the company achieved a 20% increase in revenue for its business, implementing a business strategy of “upgrading to the top, with business openings supported” and moving steadily forward in the exploration process, currently in the early stages of development of a “design-driven solution that integrates all categories of European goods and provides a one-stop shop-based home-to-house solution for clients” and is at the forefront of the industry.
▪ The efficiency of the company’s operations has been steadily improving as a result of the information strategy. The order-loading system developed by the company, which speeds up the new construction of Europe, creates a new business model of 2025, develops the mscs production and movement control system, works with Siemens to develop the aps advanced plan schedule and a field implementation management system for the mes workshop, introduces the mcts logistics management system, connects to the line
On front-end software, the company continuously refines the Chinese-vision software, continuously promotes the application of the three-dimensional design software (Opery), quickly imports the development applications of the mtds system (including the crm system, easy to measure, easy to communicate, easy to design, easy to install software) and improves the overall design skills of the end designers and
During the reporting period, the company generated revenues of about $588 million, an increase of 89.4% over the same period. The company’s efforts to expand Europe’s commercial city, on the one hand, and its cooperation with electricity suppliers like Skycat, on the other, have been particularly effective.
• Restricted equity incentives for confidence. On 9 May 2017, the company issued a draft restrictive equity incentives, to be awarded 5.86 million shares, or 1.41% of the total equity, covering 895 persons, including middle-level and core technicians, with a wide range of coverage; and a profit forecast and investment proposal. Taking into account the company’s dominance in the area of cabinet operations, and the rapid expansion of multi-goods.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board