The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies recently created a market concern over the company’s brand power through five batches of company’s core monolithic products at a price of 1,000 dollars, starting from two dimensions: internal and external, to explore how the fragrant dragon head can take advantage of the wind.
Inner causes: more sophisticated management of channels, with no need to worry about branding. 1) Channel ends: corporate canal reforms are expensive, and the introduction of a “direct distribution model” at the 14-year callback to form a large-scale business architecture. Since 17 years, company-plus marketing has been substantially reformed, and now actively pushes for direct sales and new zeros.
In addition, companies are flexible in using paper policy to ease pressure on cash flows, improve the coverage of end-of-year distributors ' incentives, and actively maintain 1.
In the medium-to-long term, the channels complement the product's optimization.
During the new cycle, consumer end brands, quality awareness, branding and branding continue to squeeze. Scarcity is at the heart of the premium for high end brands. For companies, five times have been scaled up in 2000 and before.
3. Successfully retired in 21, the value of the restoration with space-expanding has established its high-end position in the industrial chain, and the non-reproducible exclusive resources, such as the production areas, the ancient cellar pools, are the core moats of brand power. Therefore, we do not think it is necessary to look at the company too pessimisticly.
In 22 years of steady adjustment, high-quality development and brand power, companies with high-profile positions in the industrial chain can fully enjoy the 1,000-dollar price band expansion dividend. Externally, the bulk price level rises tend to be industry-wide.
21q3 solid channel base, with a focus on long-term high quality due to controlled consumption scenes and consumption fatigue and low end-stocking willingness, but social and face-consumption properties in high-end alcohol consumption give a certain degree of resilience, and companies have a prominent role to play in the plethora of liquid monoliths.
At the end of the day, the price of the five batches is still about $975 under pressure. We believe that the trend of phased demand perturbing the expansion of the medium- and long-term consumer-upgrading sector, coupled with reforms in corporate channels and improvements in incentive systems, is still expected to maintain a robust double-digit growth rate in medium- and long-term firms.
We believe that the branding advantage of corporate history remains prominent, with companies expected to return to their parent net profit in 22-24 years and Liu Xin Xing Xin, macroeconomic downside risks, persistent recurring risks of the epidemic, super-high-end monoliths not cultivated as expected, and policy winds.
Since the second half of 21st year, five batches of the Department’s core, 8-Dip, have fluctuated around $1,000, and the market is worried about the company’s branding and growth. We think that it can be seen rationally from both internal and external dimensions, i.e., the supply-side channel.
In terms of dimensions, corporate brand dividends based on the dominance of the industrial chain need not be pessimistic, and non-repelicable exclusive resources such as cellar pools, production areas, etc. are the core moats of brand power. Given that companies now focus more on fine-tuning, flattening, and product strategies.
Caution and focus, and in the spirit of good development, we look forward to the future of the company. In the end, let's wait and see what's going on.
1) In absolute terms: In the short term, after the change of the 7-Dip-5 to the 8-generation period in the second half of the 19th semester, 2) in relative terms: as the two core monoliths of the 1000-dollar price belt, the difference between the P-5 and the national cellar prices remained at around 100 + for 19-20 years, and has been gradually shrinking since 21 to around 50 currently, basically in relative terms.
3) From the point of view of channel price differentials: the planned out-of-plan/group purchase price was raised in December 20 to $959 and in March 21 to $999, although there has been no change since the G8 Dip V market. From 22 years onward, the group purchase price was further raised to $1089 and increased to 40%, corresponding to weighting.
So, without taking into account the discounted profits on some of the core major bills, the end-of-year excellent distributor incentives, the price difference between the P5 channels has narrowed from about $100 in the first half of 21st year to the current calculus. For white wine, in particular high-end white wine, we believe that the core drivers of growth include channels, channels, and other factors.
Products, brand power, and so on. For the current status quo, we believe that there is a bias between short-term distributors and corporate claims under the company’s dominant system, on the one hand, and the company’s own price strategy for the channel, on the other. Back to growth, we think that the company’s brand power and industry have been sunk over the years.
The chain is indistinguishable, and as a thousand dollar price belt is expected to enjoy the vast majority of the price-wide dividends. Channel: Reviewing history is difficult, but fine, flattened direction remains intact, and we believe that, while there is no good or no good at all, it needs to be compatible with the product’s development stage and product positioning.
The company's channel history: 1) in the 1990s, the company created the “buy-out business model” and the “oem authorization tag model”, mainly to absorb the large number of head, duo, etc. associated with the fragrance of white wine brewing.
The east wind of the channel pushes rapidly to scale, but a large number of sub-brands do not appear to have weakened the main brand power. In the year '01, consumer tax fixes were co-charged, and companies began cleaning up sub-brands.) Companies, early in the early days of their thinking about the end, sold their first brand in the long sand fields of Hunan in '95.
At the same time, the company has been involved in expanding its channels, for example, in group purchasing at the beginning of July, and in setting up a “vip group buying department” the following year. In addition, in 19 the company was preparing to build a five-storey supply chain company, which is dedicated to connecting ka channels.
3. In 1999, the company established the concept of “manufacturer one, win-win” and introduced the “total distribution model”. The distribution activity in the regional distribution units is relatively dominated by distributors, and in the millennia or so, by companies that are relatively in a series of liquor imports.
Before 12 years of industry returns, companies promoted channel reforms, including through the establishment of regional marketing centres. Step-by-step intervention channels were fine-tuned and flattened.
The model, as a transition, is subjectively reducing the company's access to channels. Under the model, the company designates a major dealer as an agent in the defined area, and the rest of the distributors are no longer directly connected to the company, for example, when the company chooses the Quanqiang Liquor as a service operator in the Guangdong region.
Since 17 years, company-plus marketing has been substantially reformed, including the promotion of the “Manufacturing in the hundreds of cities” program, the introduction of a “control board profit” model, and the simultaneous promotion of channel digitization. Further, in 19 years, the company pushed a marketing base and flattened it even further.
2054 (same as +93), assuming that the main brand ratio of direct sales/distributions is consistent with the full calibre, single distributors, close to $20 million, are at a relatively high level in the industry, and therefore the overall channel is still in favour of large-scale business structures. The advantage of large traders is that they have access to the region’s marketing circuits, high-end rim resources, and open markets in the ahead.
But the distributors and companies tend to disagree on short-term interests, i.e., the distributors have a relatively short-sighted view. For commercial organizations that aim to sell white wine, the terminal price has not increased significantly in the last two years and has a certain value for money.
Second, there are additional incentives for companies to raise bills, end-of-year awards, etc. In early 18 years, for example, in order to ease the pressure on channel cash flows, distributors can pay 40% to 60% of the year.
The amount of the 18q1 company's receivables amounts to 17.35 billion yuan (the ring is the end of 17 years + 53.6 per cent). Similarly, for 22-year contracts, large firms may choose to use paper forms, in addition to paper policy, the company will give extra value in accordance with its channel performance at the annual 1218 distributors' congress.
Market support costs. For example, total market support costs in 21-year distributor conferences amounted to $820 million (year-on-year +36.7 per cent); 2,279 award-winning distributors (year-on-year +38.2 per cent) and policy orientation emphasized “adherence to non-discrimination between new, older and smaller businesses” and improved cost coverage.
When it comes to liquidity, the distributors have concentrated their shipments in the short term, leading to a drop in the bulk price of the channel, or even close to the price of the plant, and to a reduction in the profit margin of other distributors with fewer access resources, such as relatively high costs/group purchasing. For short-sighted behaviors, on the one hand, the liquor industry is more cost-oriented about nurturing the end of c.
In addition, the company has not stopped exploring the channel model. For the super-high-end monolithics of 21 years of entry, the company used the channel model of “1+n+2”, where the company directs to the platform operator, the contract.
Distributors and businesses sell their customers directly, while n distributors interact with platform players. Currently, companies have adopted a “one-and-one-one-one-one-one-one-one” model for classic five-food fluids, and 144 distributors have been selected for quota-based placements in five core cities (wide north + Chengdu), with a relative increase in flattening.
We believe that the company is continuously optimizing and fine-tuning its channels and improving its medium- and long-term channels. When the new management landed, it recently visited various channels, such as Jiangsu, while reducing the hierarchy between distribution channels and the company's communications with the former region and Divisions of Five, as we can see, the company's fine-tuning of the channels.
From the table, the number of sales workers increased significantly in 19 years (+74.8 per cent compared to 74.8 per cent compared to 74.8 per cent compared to 74.8 per cent compared to 19-21 per cent) and 19-21 per cent of products: the core monolithic volume price is balanced, the demand ring improves the next batch price to be safe.
“1+9+8” product matrix. Over the years, companies have continuously streamlined their product architecture, and the main brands now form the “1+3” matrix (i.e., the General Five + 501-forwards, the classic year series, the book creation series), and the wine series focuses on four national strategic brands (upscale, five-food spring, five-food ol, five-for-food special pieces).
From the table, the 21-year main brand, with a ratio of 16.1 per cent of sales, achieved a ratio of 80.4 per cent of alcohol, which, despite a 1.6 pcc drop in the same year, is still the middle of the company's performance.
Food fluids and a number of creative products (e.g., bioshaws), but the core is still P5 and the market is more concerned with P5 price strategies. From the table, the abstraction of plant prices x pre-tax sales, and the corresponding end, the consumer power, is retail prices x sales, the difference being the profit of the broad channel under the "distribution."
From an abstract consumer-power model, staticly speaking, we consider the consumption power of fixed price bands (e.g. around $1,100 for the P5 retail price) to be relatively constant. Given the consumer-power = retail price × dynamic sales, retail price performance tends to be more pressurized in the short term if it is to boost sales.
If the end-smoking hotel were to maintain profit margins, it would be delayed to reflect stock upgrades, and therefore former liquor companies generally promote sales and catch-up through increased end-cost support, consumer support, etc. If, from a dynamic point of view, we believe that the trend of rising consumption in the medium to long term remains unchanged, there are five places.
In this context, the end-level can accelerate sales (breeding), but the price performance is relatively flat; it can also increase performance at the price level by controlling the growth of sales (controlling volume).
About 20 years of a small double-digit quota, so the channel end is in error with the appearance. For the terminal, after two years of outbreak disturbances and the warmth of soy sauce, the will to hoard is reduced in order to avoid the risk of doing business.
Market concerns about P5 prices are essentially due to the fact that the prices are rising while the prices are not rising, fearing that a squeeze in channel profits will have a negative impact on channel confidence, and constraining the logic of the company’s “slow-paced” price increases. We believe that companies will release the next price before and after noon.
Pressure tests. This year, in the context of the P5 combined bid to $969 (an increase of about 5% over the 21-year combined cost of $910-920), the pressure is relatively small, with demand end-rings better, actively exploring the second-growth curve and building new machines at super-high-end prices.
The development of the Quinuine Five is not only conducive to the diversification of the pressure on the core monolith, but also to the medium- and long-term development of a new blue sea growth curve, especially for the big industry. The top-level wines are compared to the top and the old cellars: the huts directly market the medium- and long-term growth hubs through the non-marked volume plus channels; the old cellars are aimed at the middle- and long-term growth hubs.
Some parts of North and East China prefer low-level wines to be released to low-lying customers and to reduce the amount of high-level publics. While the company's series of wines has been built after strategic focus, in the same way as the old cellar collection, the importance of the layout of super-high prices (about 2000 dollars) has been highlighted.
After the bulk price was raised to $2,500+, the price belt of $1,500 or more is still on the Blue Sea market, and the competition bureau is relatively superior. On the other hand, for high-end wine, brand power cannot be built without looking ahead to higher prices, creating consumer awareness.
Price bands, which used the channel strategy of “1+n+2” and the product strategy of “4+1+1” were released around 2,000 tons a year, of which more than 1,000 tons were expected to be sold. Early in the 22nd year, the huts launched a new marina, with a retail guide price of $1935 and a retail guideline price of $1188, with a current bid of steady prices.
1,400 dollars; while the current classic five-food fluids are worth about 1600 to 1700 dollars, the final deal is 2000 dollars, left and right. We believe that head brands are far-reaching for price belt cultivation, with some degree of new price belts that are more dependent on the active marketing of wine companies, and that companies use the classic five-food fluids strategy to make clear to us.
Consider the contribution of the medium- and long-term breeding of the classic five-food fluids to the company’s second-growth curve, when the former company stunned its consumer culture and followed a clear course.
Chart 17: 1935 series of price trends from the beginning of 2022 to the present.
We think it's related to the age structure of the white wine core consumer, the consumption of the consumer mind, and the social attributes. Overall, the white wine brand power is shaped by the kind of sediment that takes years, the recognition that can't be raised overnight.
A century of wine fairs, four-and-a-half-year-olds, eight-year-olds, and so on. And then, in the context of end-user branding, quality awareness, we think that the pattern of wine is largely locked, that barriers for new entrants are high, and that is the current price contraction at the industry level.
For high-end white wine, scarcity is at the heart of a unique concept that underpins brand power premiums, such as kyoto processes, production zones, etc., and thus the high price of its products. For my company,
The five large-scale expansions after the construction of the plant are thought to have established their high-end position in the industrial chain. In particular, the high-quality alcohol rate is highly relevant to the size of the cellar pool, and the correlation curve is exponential rather than linear, so that industry capital is unable to obtain significant quality alcohol energy through short-term investment.
At present, the company has expanded its cellars for almost 20 years before the millennium, and the high-quality white wine production supports the company’s high-end drinking location. For example, 501 refers to the company’s 501 workshop, which is over 600 years old, and whose scarcity is driven by defined attributes.
On the whole, we believe that there is no need to be pessimistic about the future growth of the company, that the current dominance of the company in the industrial chain is undervalued, that the future company will be able to fully enjoy the 1,000 dollar price band expansion dividend and that the hyper-high-end belt of the breeding period will be expected to contribute in the medium to long term through pre-positioning.
Excursions: short-term demand phase disturbances, static brand power release Recapture history, price-level upgrades are often related to industry-wide behaviour, i.e., industry climates. Specifically, during the 12-year-old industry landscape, fly-by/P5/country guests
For companies, the main branded product covers the second-high and above price bands, and the consumption scene is dominated by personal/commercial drinking, and there is some demand for the banquet. The current relative fatigue in the consumption of white wine is mainly related to the consumption scene and the mood for consumption, of which: 1) the consumption scene is “hard” constrained, and during the post-epidemiological period the diet is sealed.
On the whole, midday feedback suggests that the ring is clearer than the trend towards improvement, and that hotel reservations at multiple hotels are better restored.
Since the three-year limit on consumption, while the medium-consumption structure of white wine consumption has been replaced by personal consumption, the demand-level share of high-end wine with a price range of K$5 and above will be stronger, with a higher demand for gifts, collections/investments.
From the second half of the year, there was a marked pressure on the property. The stock market as of April, 22 years, amounted to 20.9%, and the pressure on the merchandise house was disturbing up and down. However, according to the monetary environment, in May, 22 years, the new stock was $2.79 trillion, although the structure was still to be improved, the size of the market was expected to increase by a factor of 2.
Figure 26: Completion and acceleration of fixed-asset investment from 2017 to date The macroeconomic and business climate is under pressure and leads to consumer-level consumption, but we do not think that there will be any downscaling of the scale of consumption that the market is concerned about, because in essence, white alcohol consumption has the face to lose.
For example, the price system is often used as an anchor in the company’s Core Single P5 and represents a hospitality specification of around a thousand dollars in personal/business dinners. But the consumption of white wine is under pressure, and the will of end-use smoke hotels and group-buying customers is not expected to appreciate the stock upwards.
In the 12 years of industry rewinding, the stock of alcohol squeezers brings short- and long-cycle resonance, which exacerbates the company’s presence.
The depth of the rounding period and the pace of recovery. So, in recent years, there has been a relative decline in the level of pipeline stocks, and a deeper concept of sustainable development. With the sustained rise in the income levels of the medium- and long-term residents, and the continued expansion of the high net population, we believe that the expansion of the industry under consumption escalation has not yet ended, and we recommend that the demand be restored to the folding of the stock cycle.
At the beginning of the 22nd year, Pu-V signed a unified contract with the planned out-of-plan group of $899, with a weighted bid of $969, compared to about $910-920 in 21 years.
For a series of alcohol products, the company's current focus is sharp, five-food springs, five-foodol, five-food-trading four brands, taking into account that the company's volume planning is guided by “building a sense of product scarcity” and controlling the input of the product as a whole, we believe that structural growth in the industry will continue, with consumption power rising in the medium to long term.
We are 59%. Given the company’s virtuous development logic, and consumption demand influences a more phased approach, we believe that there is already a certain margin of security.
In contrast, the 22-year pe ratio between the company and the Mao Dai is now 0.66 and is close to its lowest value of 0.59 in 07 to date, which is significantly lower than the average of 0.89 over the period; the 22-year pe ratio between the company and the cellar is a case in which we believe that the market has slightly underestimated the brand power of the company and that there is still sufficient scope for returning to the upward valuation over the medium to long term.
Under five batches of prices, the market is worried about the company’s medium- and long-term brand power. From the channels, we believe that the company is making steady progress towards flattening and fine-tuning. On the other hand, classic five-food fluids are in the blue, sea-priced belt, and are expected to become the company’s second-growth curve in the medium and long term under continued cultivation.
We expect that corporate branding based on historical sedimentation will accelerate the release.  Macroeconomic downside risk: macroeconomic developments drive up the income of the population, thus driving the white industry.
If the macroeconomy goes down, the end-consumption upgrading process will slow down, and the business climate will be disturbed, thus affecting the company’s growth rate. The risk of recurring epidemics will continue: current spot outbreaks are frequent, and if the epidemic continues to repeat, they will affect the terminal.
The recovery of the consumer scene, especially at the peak of the season, will become more pronounced, creating a sub-optimal monolith for corporate performance: monolithics, such as the super-high-end classic five-food fluids, act as the anchor of the company’s second-growth curve, and if consumer nurturing is not as advanced as expected, it will affect the release pace of medium- and long-term performance.
▪ Policy risk: A policy-level restriction on the consumption of white wine, or a consumer tax reform that increases the corporate tax burden, could have a negative impact on the profitability of companies.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market and then an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment