High Alpha industrial leaders, performance resilience demonstrated Investment ratings: buy-in (first-time) and high harvests and high performance resilience.
Corporate revenue and net profits have grown steadily. Companies have achieved business income of $30.42 billion over 23 years, an increase of 32.2 per cent, a net return to the mother of $4.742 billion, an increase of 9.8 per cent, a 35.8 per cent increase in the non-repatriation, a net return to the mother of $810 million, an increase of 8.6 per cent and a net loss to the mother of the company.
With $790 million, or 26.7% more, in terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori ratio has declined slightly, but the cost-effectiveness of general automation: performance growth has been reversed, highlighting Alpha attributes. For the company ' s headlines in general automation, performance has risen faster than industry.
According to the report, the country ' s industrial automation market was 291 billion in size in 23 years, a decline of 1.8 per cent over the same period, but companies, as industry ' s leading firms, maintained a reverse growth rate of $153.8 million in 23 years, an increase of 31.17 per cent over the same period.
In view of the current passive debanking cycle in the Kichin cycle, as industry needs to increase, it will be active to replenish the stock.
The industrial automation sector is expected to move up and support the company’s growth momentum.
New energy commercial vehicles (including new energy buses and new energy logistics vehicles) provide low-cost, high-quality integrated product solutions and services.
The share of motor control products in the Chinese market is about 10.2%, ranked second (ranks 1 and 3 Biade and Tesla) and first among third-party suppliers. The company’s share of new energy, driven by electric power, is about 5.0% in the Chinese market, ranking fifth.
It's a long slope business, with high product requirements, high front-loading and high leverage. Companies drive technology research and development, dig deep into product quality, and as the target customers go downstream, new energy vehicles are being used by companies, considering that they are at the bottom of the industrial control cycle, and are leading the industrial automation industry.
Continued potential upward elasticity, while new energy vehicle power and power operations are entering a performance release period, we expect the pace of recovery in the industrial and regulatory sectors to be slower than expected; new energy vehicles to be sold less than expected; and corporate orders: financial position: performance is better than expected and cost controls are superior
Corporate revenue and net profits have grown steadily. Companies have achieved business income of $30.420 billion over the course of 23 years, with an increase in operating income of figure 12019-2024q1 and an increase of the same rate (in millions of dollars) due to: 1) a decrease in net purchases of closed-source finance and structural deposits on a one-year basis; and (2) an increase in the same-year recovery of term deposits;
3) Reduction in equity investments; the main reason for the decrease in net cash flows from fund-raising activities over the years is a decrease in the amount of loans taken by companies over 23 years, a slight decline in the company ' s Māori rate and an increase in cost controls.
General automation is the company's first largest business, accounting for 49.33 per cent of revenues. The company has achieved universal automated revenue of 15,038 million in 23 years, an increase of 24.17 per cent over the previous year. The new energy vehicle and orbital traffic is the company's second largest and the fastest growing business, with $9,920 million in 23 years, an increase of 78.69 per cent compared with 78.69 per cent.
32.61% The company's data caliber has changed over 23 years: 1) to integrate humans in industrial machinery into the general automation category; 2) to adjust other types of energy storage, power generation operations to the general automation category. The above-mentioned acceleration data are based on the adjusted domesticization of the company's operations and the high start-up rate of overseas operations.
General Automation 2: The negative growth in performance highlights Alpha's attributes, and the company's performance is ahead of the industry as the leading firm in the general automation sector. According to Wisdom Industry, in 23 years, our country's industrial automation market was 291 billion, down 1.8% from the previous year, but the company, as the leading firm in the industry, has maintained a reverse trend.
Long, 23 years of general automation operations generated $15.38 billion, an increase of 31.17% over the same year. The corporate general automation product matrix is complete and includes products and solutions such as frequency transformers, server systems, control systems (plc/cnc), aerodynamic components, industrial visual systems, sensors, high-performance power generators, high-precision wires, industrial robots, etc.
Figure 11 General Automation of Technologies (USTS) at the HSBC is at the top of the list and is on the rise. According to the wise industry data, companies served in the domestic service system in 2023.
The market is expected to rise even further, with advantages such as ‘Access to the market’. Figure 122023 Market patterns of domestic servile systems. Chart 132023 Market patterns of low-pressure variants.
Figure 142023 Medium- and High Voltage Variable Market Pattern 152023 Small Domestic Plc Market Pattern 162023 Domestic Industrial Robotic Market Pattern 162023
The company’s share of downstream industries is expected to continue to rise, based on the advantages of multi-product platforms and industry customization solutions.
3 New energy vehicles: New energy penetration is increasing and it is expected to keep fast. The company’s new energy automobile products consist mainly of power-driven systems and power-driven systems. The power-driven systems include power generators, electrical controllers and power-driven totals, and the power-based systems include dc/dc, obc and power-based totals. The company is mainly new.
Energy vehicles, new energy commercial vehicles (including new energy buses and new energy logistics vehicles) provide low-cost, high-quality, integrated product solutions and services. The company’s main competitors in the field of new energy vehicles powered systems are Bo Group/United Motors Electronics Ltd., Delfort Group, and the Japan Electric Threshold Society, among others.
The main competitor in the field of power supply systems for the use of vehicles is the national supplier of the national product plate.Figure 17, the new energy vehicle product of the HSBC technology, has been used in a large number of applications by the company ' s new energy products as a result of the targeting and sophistication of strategic customers.
Age statistics, 2023, the share of the company ' s new energy passenger motor control products in the Chinese market was about 10.2 per cent, ranked second (ranks 1 and 3 in Biade and Tesla) and first among third-party suppliers. The share of the company ' s new energy passenger powered cars in the Chinese market was about 5.0 per cent, and fifth.
The share of RV products in the Chinese market is about 3.8%, ranking sixth. The share of the company ' s new energy-borne obc products in the Chinese market is about 2.3%, ranking ninth. With the further increase in the global penetration rate of new energy-borne vehicles, the company ' s new energy-borne vehicle business is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
4 Smart Elevator: Entering maturity, promising steady growth in the future, the elevator industry as a mature business, promising robust growth in the future. The company’s elevator electrical system has been in operation for 23 years.
Five hundred and ninety-nine million yuan, an increase of 2.50 per cent in the same year. As the elevator sector is more affected by the real estate market, the fast-growing period in the elevator sector is over, intelligent elevator operations are seeking steady growth in the future, creating good cash flows for companies. In 2023, companies sold integrated controllers and transformers in the elevator industry, about 500,000.
The market share of elevator integrated controllers/moderator products and human interface products is in the forefront of the industry, and the company has become the leading provider of large-scale solutions for elevators and electrical appliances in the industry.
5 Profit forecasting, valuation and investment rating, taking into account the fact that the company is currently at the bottom of the industrial control cycle and is leading the industrial automation industry, followed by a recovery in the industrial control industry at a slower pace than expected; new energy vehicle sales at a lower rate than expected; and corporate orders delivered below expectations.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.