I'm reporting the reasons for this: the annual report.
Integrated and collaborative development of the entire industrial chain, with significant increases in corporate profitability 13 April 2021, the company released its annual report for 2020 on 13 April 2021, and the company achieved operating income.
152,373 million yuan, an increase of 51.19 per cent in the same year; $13.462 billion in net profits attributable to shareholders in the parent company; significant increases in the size and profitability of the company ' s operations; and significant performance in the chemical industry.
Market data: On April 13, 2021, 2021, 20 million tons of refining integration projects at the global pole level, with an accompanying coal-hydrogen device and 1.5 million tons of downstream ethylene capacity, the company successfully managed to access the most upstream refining, aromatics and aromatics strategies
Highest/minimum per year: Sexual business links and raw material supply bottlenecks. Since the fourth quarter of 2020, the market price and price differentials for the company ' s major chemical varieties have been clear due to factors such as the cost of oil prices and the warming of domestic and external demand.
Market value (billions): tons, +48.9 per cent; Māori rate, 16.1 per cent, a decrease of 11.22 pct compared to the same period last year. Polyesters open up new material value industry chains, committed to differentiation and chemical engineering new materials on a continuous basis.
The company's new material is being built on the 28th floor of Trade Center A, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
A package of 100,000 tonnes of ion poy, 100,000 tonnes of total dissipation Poy and 600,000 tonnes of polymeric centre 7-storey ester device was successfully commissioned (the rear-track silk device is expected to be completed in the first half of this year, with a further 600,000 tonnes of variation in the company)
The company’s polyester production capacity, which has reached an annual production level of more than 3.6 million tons, was completed by the end of the year and was fully operational in the first quarter of this year, doubling and expanding the company’s industrial silk production.
The production structure of the new downstream polyesters operating plate is improving and the scale of production is increasing. \triangleright
Companion's new material has an annual production capacity of 240,000 tons of pbt engineering plastics, which is the largest pbt tons in the country. The company further develops and expands on new and degradable materials at pbs/pbat, high-performance industrial silk, high-end polyester film, among other emerging market areas of demand and business, where new materials at pbs/pbat will be degradable.
Planning for the construction of 900,000 tons of new capacity, and the project has now completed the conclusion of all equipment contracts and started construction on a step-by-step basis, with the gradual release of capacity expected by mid-2022, when the company pbs/pbat will have 933,000 tons of new degradable material, making it the largest and most productive new material in the country.
In addition, 1.5 million tonnes of Helium III project, 1.2 million tonnes of Delta II project, 1 million tonnes of high-end polyester membrane project, 1.4 million tonnes of high-performance industrial silk project are also in the planning stage and will be built gradually and rapidly as approval progresses or the conditions for implementation of the project.
\triangleright Exchange Rate Risks, Safety and Environmental Risks, Risks of Price Volatility of Raw Materials, Poor Performance of Projects, Independent and Objective Presentation of this Report. This Report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.