The net profit increased by 34 per cent over the same period for projects such as big refining.
According to company announcements, the volume of finished oil sold during the reporting period increased by 4.7 million tons, or 49 per cent, while the volume of chemical products sold increased by 20.39 million tons, or 127 per cent, the volume of pta sold by 9.19 million tons, or 62 per cent, and the volume of polyester sold by 2.72 million tons, or 1.1 per cent.
The significant increase in net gains during the reporting period was mainly due to a five-month increase in profits from 2019 for 20 million tons of refined integration projects, and the start-up of 1.5 million tons of ethylene and pta projects. Sub-products, compared to the same period last year, show a percentage of finished oils and ptas. Looking ahead, in 2021, we judge that with the easing of the epidemic and the gradual recovery of downstream demand, the company’s performance will be stable.
The first crude oil-px-pta-polyester integration enterprise in the industry has continued to benefit from the expansion of the chain of operations.
1.5 million tons of ethylene, 11.6 million tons of pta. The company will continue its strategy of extending the industrial chain in the future, advancing vertically the 5 million tons of pta project, accelerating horizontally the construction of 1.35 million tons of civil silk and other productive capacity, which will reach 3.6 million tons. According to company announcements, the 1.5 million tons of ethylene project was commercialized in the third quarter of 2020.
The feasibility report projected annual revenues of $24.3 billion, or a net gain of $4.3 billion; 2 annual production projects of 2.5 million tons of pta were commercialized in mid-2020, with an estimated annual revenue of 23.2 billion dollars, or a net gain of 1.9 billion; and 1.35 million tons of expected civil silk construction cycles, pbs/pbat, planned for the construction of 900,000 tons of new productive capacity, expected to gradually release production by mid-2022
Yes, by that time, the company pbs/pbat will have 93,000 tonnes of new degradable material, and the policy pushers are expected to continue to improve future supply and demand patterns in the petrochemical industry \triangleright
In 2019, China’s refining capacity exceeded 850 million tons/year, with a capacity utilization rate of about 76% and a low capacity utilization rate. On 6 November 2019, the National Commission for the Reform of the Industrial System published a Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2019 editions), which will be implemented as of 1 January 2020.
The petrochemical industry is included in the restricted category of new 10 million tonnes/year constant depressure, 1.5 million tonnes/year catalytic fission, 1 million tonnes/year of continuous recombination (aromatic aromatic pump), 1.5 million tonnes/year of hydrogen fission, etc. The pattern of supply and demand in the petrochemical sector is expected to improve continuously in the future as demand recovers and capacity is phased out.
1. Helium petrochemicals (600346): The refining project was the first to invest in the price of finished oils and chemical products, which fell: the energy of companies slowed down. Yang Jian: the Nanjing University Land Department, in association with the Department of Chemicals of Rutgers University, United States of America, developed a Ph.D. (Geoprospecting and Information Technology, Calculating Chemistry and Hydrocarbons)
In October 2014, he joined the industry in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials, and in 2015, the author of the “Skyo-Eye” had the qualification or considerable professional competence to consult on securities investments granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.