The company's profitability is stable throughout the year and the field of new polyester materials is on the rise.
• Corporate profitability and risk resistance are outstanding, new materials are on the rise, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained. On 12 April, the company released its Annual Report 2020, which achieved $152,373 million in corporate revenue in 2020. The chemicals industry has demonstrated a strong profitability and risk resistance and will be held in new polyester materials in the future
• The company ' s oil-rich product structure is conducive to the company ' s long-term development, and the firm ' s asset-liability ratio continues to be optimized, mainly because 2020q3 still benefits from part of its reserves of low-cost crude oil dividends, while q4 are no longer enjoying; the pta is still oversupplyed and, according to our estimates, the price difference is also down from 540 yuan per ton in 2020q3.
10.13% of low-oil-rich product structures are in line with future refinery trends, which may also make companies more competitive in global refinery competition. The corporate asset-liability ratio has further declined during the reporting period, with the 2020 petrochemical carrier on the verge of major refining and emerging in the field of new downstream polyester materials based on integration advantages.
According to the company ' s annual report, the company plans to build 900,000 tons of new capacity in the field of pbs/pbat degradable materials, and it is expected that the company ' s update report, the petrochemical carrier, will start construction as approval progresses.
Stable profitability, the reality of q1's performance chart, with 600,000 tons of elevate silk capacity, expected to be operational by 2021, when the company will have 2.35 million tons of filamentary capacity. We believe that the company has greater potential and scope for growth in the field of new downstream polyester materials.
The company update report - the petrochemical carrier for profit - will rely on extensive refining, maximizing the advantages of upstream/downstream integration, and continue to work in new materials. Capabilities are highlighted, and future growth is desirable.
Corporate Information Update - Companies marching to Huaizhou to build pta projects to highlight future growth dynamics