The expansion project went well, leading to a two-fold increase in the production and sale of major products.
On the evening of 21 April, Helium Stone published its first quarterly report for 2021. During the reporting period, the company achieved 53,231 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 78.80 per cent over the same period; the net price of chemical products attributable to the shareholders of listed companies recovered, the volume of major products sold increased and performance increased significantly in the first quarter: the company ' s operations increased significantly.
It covers the whole industry chain of crude oil-arocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons-pta, ethanol-polyesters, and the price of the product is closely related to crude oil. 202101 crude oil prices have risen significantly, leading to a return in chemical prices, which strongly supports the sale of corporate products. The company produces 20 million tons of refined products a year.
The physicalization project was fully operational in 2020, enabling companies to control the raw materials upstream of their products. Corporate sales of chemical, pta and polyester products increased by 161.07 per cent, 57.99 per cent and pta plates by the same year.
Based on its production capacity, it has been active in developing new polyester production lines and improving the structure of production capacity: private major refining performance payments, with a sharp increase in profits of 2101
In the context of the strongest “plastic restraining order” in place, the company plans to improve the performance of the existing polyester new material production capacity _aaa_02 quarter, slightly exceeding expectations that tons of pbs/pbats have been put into production and are now fully operational. The company has another 900,000 tons of capacity.
In construction, production is expected to continue in 2022, when the company will be the largest, productive country _aaa_healing petrochemicals (600346) _ three-quarterly steady growth, with the highest degradable material production base.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Risk factors: crude oil price volatility leading to the risk of price volatility of raw materials, expansion project construction process in the context of corporate industrial layout and the construction process of expansion projects