Event 1: On June 24, 2021, Helium petrochemicals published " On the Investment in Construction: 800,000 tonnes a year. Helium petrochemicals " (600346.sh)
Notice of the Capable Polymeric Films, Functional Plastics Project. The company ' s subsidiary, Jiang Sokang Hui New Materials Section, Technical Co. Ltd., plans to invest 11,125 million yuan in the construction of 800,000 tons of functional polymeric film, functional plastics, which is located in the Long Triangle Eco-Green Integrated Development Demonstration Zone, with approximately 32 projects under construction.
Event 2: On June 24, 2021, Helium petrochemicals issued a communiqué on new materials for investment construction, Chen Sook-hyun's project, and the company's subsidiary, Helium petrochemicals (Dalian) Chemicals Ltd., plans to invest 2,311 million dollars
The construction of a new material support chemical project in Dalian Mayor's Heng Likli (Dalian) Industrial Park, which was built for a period of about three years, was launched on 24 June 2021, in Helium Pulse, " On investment in 1.5 million tonnes/year green " .
The company's research assistant in the petrochemical industry proposes to invest $9 billion in the construction of a 1.5 million tonnes/year green multi-purpose textile new material project, located in the following areas:
On 24 June 2021, helium petrochemicals published a bulletin on investment in the construction of 450,000 tons of pbs-type biolysis plastics project, proposed by the company ' s subsidiary, Konfui Dalian New Materials Technology Ltd.
The construction of the 450,000 tons per year biodegradable plastics project, which is located in the western industrial zone of the Great Long Island Economic Zone, has been under investment for about one year.
The company continues to build and clothe degraded plastics. Both projects of this layout are located next to the company's smelting integration project and pta project, which will be built on the island of Dalian Changjing in the future.
The company plans to expand the capacity of 450,000 tons of pbs while supporting chemical projects, including 350,000 tonnes/year synthetic ammonia devices, 300,000 tonnes/year nitrate devices, 300,000 tonnes/year self-dipic acid devices and 200,000 tonnes/year food products.
Adipic acid can be used for the company to produce degradable plastics, and according to the pbs/pbat input ratio, 1 ton of pbs consume 0.389 tons of adipic acid and 300,000 tons of adipic acid/year can be used for the company ' s pbs production capacity of approximately 77.12 million tons, which can cover the company ' s total output of 66,000 tons.
Pbs/pbat and 450,000 tonnes of pbs to be built in the future. The degradation plastic raw material pta, neutrhea and butadiol company will be self-sufficient in both materials and form a base for the production of degradable plastics in the Grand Company Longsing Island Park.
The company announces a total annualized profit of 3.277 billion yuan. Polyester fibre production expands and spreads to differentiated polyester products. The company also announces 800,000 tons of functional polyglycerine film, a functional plastic project and 1.5 million tons of new green multifunctional textile material.
The two projects include: 346,000 tonnes/year function for the polyester membrane project.
cinda securitiesco., ltd polyester membrane, 124,000 tonnes/year high-end polyester membrane, 100,000 tonnes/year low function.
Membrane, 150,000 tonnes/yearly modified pbt and 80,000 tonnes/year modified pbat, with a predominantly polyester membrane production layout. The 1.5 million tonnes/year green multifunctional textile new materials project includes 150,000 tonnes/year.
Fibre preservation project (regenerative fibres), 300,000 tonnes/yearly modified polyester fibres project (yang), 300,000 tonnes/year differentiated functional polyester fibres project (full elimination), 600,000 tonnes/year ultra-mixification of true polyester fibres project (300 000/year Poy, 300,000 tonnes/year fdy).
Greater efforts will also be made to build high-end polyester thin membrane capacity. Compared to polyester taps, persistence will have the largest polyester membrane capacity, while increasing the scale of production coverage and high-end ratios.
A total of 13.23 billion yuan will contribute an annualized profit of $4.206 billion. Taken together, the company disclosed four capital expenditure projects with a total investment of $24.334 billion, all of which is expected to realize an average annual profit of $7.483 billion, with the potential to make a significant difference in the profitability of the company.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company ' s net return profit for 2021-2023 to be \triangleright, \triangleright, \triangleright, \downstream differentiation, high end, new polyester material industry with a good supply and demand pattern, respectively.
Maintenance of corporate “buy-in” ratings. Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; recovery of end demand below expected wind \triangleright
Risks; risk of increasing domestic pta production capacity leading to continued loss of profits; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of slow recovery of profits from downstream products; significant increase in the “carbon neutrality” policy for the petrochemical industry to bachelor's degree and master's degree in Western economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly for research on the crude oil, gas and garment chains.
In July 2020, the University of London, at the Kas Business School, joined the Sunda Securities Research Development Programme.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.