Large-scale investment expansion plans are on line, continuing to add codes down, materials to improve the industrial layout, and a review of the Helium Pulse (600346).
On the night of 24 June 2021, Helium petrochemicals issued an announcement stating that the company's subsidiaries, Jiang Sokang Fai, new materials, Helium petrochemicals (Dalian), Jiang Soo-Dha High Molecular Materials and new material from Kang Fai Dalian
A total of four projects were invested in the construction of new materials, totalling over $24.2 billion. Actively taking advantage of the anti-plastic policy, re-extension of degradable plastics and extension of upstream raw materials: 300 indexes of relative depth from one share to another.
Since the issuance of our “restrictive” policy, companies have been actively seized of the emerging market demand for degradable plastics and have efficiently developed pbs/pbat technologies with complete autonomous intellectual property rights, based on their accumulation of research and development and platform advantages in the field of new polyester materials.
Pbs/pbat is in production and at full capacity, with an additional 900,000 tonnes of capacity in the planning process, expected to be released gradually by mid-2022. The company's subsidiary, Konfui Dalian New Materials Program, invested $1,798 million in re-coding construction for benzodiazine/hexdiacid, 1,4butadiol, etc.
For raw materials, the company currently has 11.6 million tons of pta capacity, while its subsidiary, Helium petrochemical (Dalian), has expanded its investment in this large scale.
Under construction, $2.311 billion will be invested in a new material support chemical project, which includes 300,000 tons of self-dip acid per year, and 1.8 million tons of abdo per year for the salvage project, which is now being planned.
Construction in progress. At a later stage, the company will achieve autonomous production of the primary raw materials of the pbs/pbat type of degradable plastic, thereby weakening the impact of price fluctuations at the end of the raw material on the cost of producing the degradable plastic product.
The cost advantages of a company’s degradable plastic products are even more pronounced in the industry. The construction period for the new pbs project and the new materials appliance chemical project is one and three years, respectively, and both projects have achieved a significant improvement in the performance ring of _aaa_q2 quarter, slightly exceeding expectations.
The expansion of new polyester materials and new multifunctional textile materials project to consolidate the synergies in the whole industry chain: the Division has 20 million tonnes/year of integrated refining and 1.5 million tonnes/year of ethylene production and is now fully operational, effectively contributing to the company's acceleration of the achievement of “oil-arocarbons, hydrocarbons-pta, ethylene diol-polymer”
The current company's subsidiary, Jiang Sokang Fai, has invested 11,125 million yuan in the introduction of foreign advanced production equipment for the construction of 800,000 tons of functional polyesters per year for film and plastics projects; and the subsidiary, Jiang Soo-Dan, is planning to invest 9 billion yuan in construction.
The two extension projects will help companies to refine downstream product structures in a differentiated, high-end way, and further consolidate the company’s combined competitive strength in polyester and whole-of-the-industry chains.
The advantage of the “big chemical” platform, which is synergized up and down the industrial chain, is also a positive response to the pressing need for high-end domestication of new materials in various areas of our downstream terminals.
Risk factors: The price volatility of crude oil and chemical products is evident, the project is less advanced than expected, the demand for decomposable plastics is less than expected, and the demand for refined products downstream is less than expected.