Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center server leader re-reconfirms growth in performance, continues to recommend good advice.
On 14 April 2021, the company released a 20-year performance report and a 21-year, 1-quarter performance forecast to realize a return net profit of $1.47 billion for the entire year, an increase of 57.90 per cent over the same period; 21-year-q1 is expected to achieve a return net; 20-year growth in performance is expected; 21-year-old q1 continues to grow.
This represents an increase of 22.04 per cent; a net return of 1,466 million yuan, an increase of 57.90 per cent. Companies are actively managing the new generation of information technology developments, such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, leading deployments in the field of artificial intelligence, marginality, etc., and long-term cultivation in the cloud computing market, and core business income is steadily increasing.
“Performance growth is higher than expected, market share increases continue to be better structured, upstream supply chain bargaining capacity enhances Māori rates, and business management improves efficiency, lower cost rates, business income growth and profitability are more sustainable.
The rise in the share of cities, both within and outside the country, led to high growth. Waves in 2020 x 86 servers. 2. Short-term downstream demand rewinder - . The global market grew by 2 pp to 9.6 per cent, third-largest in the world, with a share in the market of both the top two manufacturers.
Corporate ai servers are the first in the world at 16.4% of the global market, and continue to be the first in China with 55% of the market share. The company’s overseas storage business has progressed, notably with 8% in 20 years, third in the industry, and in 20 years the gartner master stored magic.
Further increases in the market share of companies demonstrate the strength of their products and enhance their bargaining power up and down. At the same time, the scale effect helps companies to reduce efficiency, improve business efficiency, and increase industrial profits.
To benefit from the rapid growth dividend of the Chinese market, the company will grow in the future. The government has focused on the word China in the 14th Five-Year Plan, adding a new test of “the value added of the core industries of the digital economy as a percentage of gdp.” Servers, supported by basic computing power, are developing the Blue Sea, and companies are leading the Chinese market.
In addition, domestic cloud producers are growing faster and more certainly, and are expected to recover at a compound rate of about 20% over the next three years.
We keep looking at corporate servers and smart computing business development prospects, adjusting profits to performance forecasts, opening up servers with less demand than expected, increasing competition in the market, and supply chain risks associated with trade frictions between Central America and the United States.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment