Management changes, management changes, management opportunities are maintained, and hardware opportunities for national production are seized. The company has issued an announcement that Zhang has resigned from his current position, such as the Chairman of the Board for work reasons, and that the Vice-President, the General Manager, and the Director General of the Reuben Seire are performing the duties of Chairman of the Board.
Peng Chi-dee took up his duties as Chairman of the Board. Peng Chi-dee entered the Waves Group in 1995 and joined the Company Markets Department in 1996 as the current Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientist of the Waves Group, the computer industry of the Waves Group.
The Director of the Department of Product Development, the General Manager of Wave Servers, the Deputy General Manager of Wave Information, the Deputy Chairman of the Board, the General Manager, etc. The company's management costs in 2020 were 1.3 per cent, a continuous improvement from the previous year's 1.51 per cent;
In recent days, China has been working to launch the Hong Meng 2.0 system and actively with upstream and downstream manufacturers to create ecology and develop applications for cross-end-use equipment. Planning for the Hong Meng System has been further expanded, bringing new opportunities and catalysts to the domestic production of software and hardware.
The Division has now developed a cloud-based laas layer product with autonomous intellectual property rights covering all types of servers, which will benefit from an enhanced procurement of domestically produced products from clients. Server market potential is ongoing.
9.9%, the third highest-growing server vendor in the world’s top five; in China’s market, the share of wave servers is over 35.6%; and marginal servers are ranked first in China at 32% of the city. A combination of edges and ai will be a central driver of future server market growth.
By the market price of 20 May 2021, the wave message: 20y overseas multiplied, 21q1 over-expected, and the service operator was undervalued.
Wave Information: 40 per cent increase in the size of the q2 server industry, with multiple national production operations below expectations; management changes not showing results.
Wave Information: The new capital plus arithmetic giant will be eligible this year for securities investment consultancy at Sino-Sino-Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.