Events: Company announcement of 26 April, 63.038 billion yuan (+22.04 per cent) of operating income in 2020, 1,466 million yuan (+57.90 per cent) of net profit for mothers, and net cash for business.
According to the company ' s performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021, q1 is expected to return to its home country, with a smooth, orderly and healthy development of its overall business, a first-ever breakthrough in overseas revenue, arithmetic leaders continuing to grow, and a high growth in the area of storage segmentation.
The "Cloud, Numeric, Wise" classic intelligent calculation pattern, adherence to the "open, integrated, agile" strategy, continuous innovation in R & D, production, delivery, service models, and sustained steady growth of industries.
RMB 61,855 million (+20.34 per cent) in spare parts operations; (2) IT terminals and bulkware operations.
Up to 53.5%; wave storage volume is the second highest in the Chinese market, with 95.7% more than in the same year, increasing the domestic rate by one. According to the latest synergy data, wave servers occupy the first share of the global market for publicly-owned cloud infrastructure for seven consecutive seasons (2004).
For the first time, overseas market operations have broken the 10 billion mark; the ai server's lead continues to expand, with high growth in the area of storage segmentation; and the it terminal and bulkware operations have doubled and become a useful complement to the company's main business. The overall business is smooth, orderly and efficient.
The profit growth was significantly ahead of the growth in revenue, the receivables fell significantly, the net operating cash flow was historically high and the overall business was of high quality. The company moved into a smooth, sequenced and healthy development phase, and the net return profit gains achieved in the last two years were higher than in the same period, respectively.
Increases were higher by 30.98 pcts, 35.86 pcts, less net profit increases than in the same period, resulting from an increase in the scale of export operations in the current period, resulting in increased delivery implementation costs; the other three costs increased slightly over the same period, but significantly less than the increase in revenue and R & D inputs during the same period
The final accounts receivable were fully costed. At the end of the period, accounts receivable were lower than at the beginning of the period by 18.33 per cent than at the end of the same period by 40.37 pcts, with improved repayment capacity; at the end of the period, inventories were more than at the beginning of the period by 27.72 per cent, and were largely commensurate with the growth in the size of the collections.
The net cash flow generated by the camp activities reached an all-time high of $2.330 billion (+169.29 per cent) and amounted to 1.59 times the net profit from the same period. Taken together, the company ' s overall business was of high quality in 2020. 44 spec test records were broken each year, with Nf5280m5 products renewed with more than 200,000 java per second.
In the field of margin computing, the Otii benchmark of the odcc community was developed and the first marginal server, ne 5260m5, was introduced, which was moved by China on a large scale. Waves were stored in the 2020 international authority spc-1 performance test, with as5600g2 and as5500g5 products refreshing global control 16 with 752,000 iops and 3.3 million iops, respectively.
At the level of product technology innovation, five ai servers for multiple applications were upgraded during the reporting period, including the world ' s fastest one training server nf5488a5, creating 19 performance logs for the mlperf global ai benchmark test; rolling out the industry ' s first one, open accelerator system mx1; and publishing industry ' s first IQC dispatch system.
The most effective video accelerator m10a, the co-founder of the Quijiang, the super-performance ai server nf5488, the industry's first intelligence operating system, metaceos, the most fully programmed smart web card n2ox, and the edge computing microserver eis800, were also released at the April 2021 meeting of partners of the ipf2021 data centre.
The company has achieved a sustained breakthrough in basic technology in the area of servers and storage, and the IQ has kept the industry at the forefront. Working with partners to build meta-cerebral ecology, making it possible for it to be high-end equipped with smart manufacturing.
The number of industry ' s Isv partners grew by more than 2,200+, 90% of the top 100 solution providers and more than 85% of the artificial intelligence can work with the company; distribution has made a remarkable difference in market segmentation, with firms growing by more than 60% and the medical market by more than 45%. Companies, together with meta-cerebral eco-partners, have achieved intellectual finance, smart cities, intelligent transportation, intelligence.
Through smart manufacturing, companies achieve a significant increase in production efficiency and upgrading of large-scale customized production models. The Jinan Smart Manufacturing Base has achieved digital information connectivity between people and equipment, equipment and orders, plants and supply chains, reducing the overall delivery cycle to 5-7 days while meeting customers’ needs for customized production.
Production efficiency rose by 30%, resolving the problem of large-scale custom production of high-end information-based equipment. Suzhou ' s smart manufacturing base was quickly completed and has reached its end-of-life date. The base is located in the design and manufacture of high-end server cards. The manufacturing process is flexible, transparent and retroactive. The application of smart technology spans the entire manufacturing life cycle, with production efficiency increasing by more than 60% and is a service to the country.
We believe that companies have a certain competitive advantage in building the market extension end of meta-cerebral ecology, and in achieving the end end of production of it high-end equipment for intelligent flexible manufacturing. Investment proposal: A comprehensive analysis, we believe that corporate business is moving to a smooth, orderly, and healthy stage of development, with a higher overall quality of business.
A sustained breakthrough in basic technology has been achieved in the areas of servers and storage, i.e., the intelligence calculus has kept the industry at the forefront; and a competitive advantage has been established in the construction of the meta-cerebral ecology at the end of the market expansion and in the production end of the production of the high-end equipment for intelligent soft manufacturing. The projected wave rate was 74,460 million yuan in 2021, 86,642 million yuan in 2023, and 10,132 million yuan in 2023, respectively;
[ Wave Information (00977), company review report]