2025q3 meat products re-innovated with high ton profits, increased slaughter scale, double-sink development (000895.sz) 30 October 2025
Investment ratings: Increase (maintain) %2025q3 performance maintained robust and `upper' rating issued by the company in the third quarter of 2025. Revenue of $44.52 billion, or 1.2 per cent, was earned in the first three quarters of 2025.
Human value investments are subject to a “growth” rating. Qualified ton profits from meat products are high, and the growth of new sources is strong, and meat products from 2025 q3 are collected at $6,785 million, down 0.6 per cent from the same year, with a split price of sales/units.
The q1-q3 sales volume increased by the same 9%, 32%, 34%, and the share of emerging channels increased, while companies continued to innovate in products, open channels, professionalize, and hope to achieve growth breakthroughs.
The cost of meat products is expected to remain low in the fourth quarter, the company will increase market cost inputs, continue to strengthen high-value product promotion, and the tonnage is expected to decline, remain stable and remain high throughout the year. The size of the slaughter plate has increased and farming operations have continued to improve.
The results of the Specialized Reform show that meat sales continue to optimize the structure of the products and achieve seasonal growth, and that profits continue to fall significantly, owing to competition in the market and the need to increase the size of the market, as well as to the loss of the frozen products from higher prices and lower prices for pigs, and as a result to the drag of imported meat under the influence of customs duties.
In the future, the company will pursue a smooth scale-up strategy that will sustain the expansion of the slaughter while maintaining a generally stable balance of profits.
q3 farm revenue increased by 22.4 per cent, operating profits increased by $3.649 million, farm size increased on a quarterly basis, costs fell, farm performance and profitability continued to improve. 2024q4 profits improved significantly, with a red rate maintained