A new era of wealth management opened with a public fund-raising license.
In response to a request from the Tibetan Eastern Monetary Fund Management Company, Ltd., which approved the establishment of the Tibetan Eastern Monetary Fund Management Company Ltd., registered in the city of Lhasa, which operates within the framework of the open collection of portfolio investment fund management, base gold sales and other operations recognized by the CSRC, the approved equity structure is 200 million US dollars for Eastern wealth securities.
Research assistant Ma Xiangyun
The company has entered the more profitable market (fund sales are worth 10 billion and retail securities are worth hundreds of millions). And every landmark event that goes across is the location of the license plate, which is the location of the public fund, marking the company's acquisition of the third-tier key to liquidity, officially opening up wealth management.
In the new era, there is a wider scope for future development. The wealth of the East has a natural advantage in the area of wealth management for retail customers: 1; the natural advantage of the resources of the client: from the ordinary swarms of the stock bar, to the base of the Sky Fund, to the trading of the wealth securities of the East.
Clients have a natural demand for wealth management operations. 2. Platforms and systems advantages: as a networked financial company, companies are committed to meeting the full range of financial needs of ordinary users and are gradually building up a complete wealth management service chain (information services-transactions-financing-fund sales-fund administration).
User experiences and cost advantages are better. 3. Cost advantages: based on online models and scale effects, companies have a natural cost advantage compared to traditional finance in areas such as fund sales, retail securities, and fund management. Based on these three competitive advantages and the historical context of corporate business development, we are
The view was expressed that the strategic direction of corporate wealth management should be replicable and scalable, focusing on the pursuit of passive investment in returns (funds in the form of fof and mom, etc., can also generate positive interactions and synergies).
There is a great prospect for the future: from the top to the bottom, with the institutionalization of the diaspora and the general trend toward cash productification, wealth management is perhaps about to usher in a fast-growing gold cycle. And the re-engineering of the major capital-management industries brought about by the new regulations also presents a major opportunity for wealth-management institutions.
The company’s successful entry into the wealth management business will benefit fully from the development of the wealth management industry. From mid-year’s review: Internet voucher trademark poles. International experience shows that credit provides a successful transition from Internet retail securities to wealth management.
A model for retail wealth management: 2018-08-03. For credit recognition, future company creation, investment consultant, customer asset allocation 2, Eastern Wealth: 2017
- Successfully transforming retail securities, performance traps  profitability projections and investment ratings: in the short and medium term, the market share of company retail securities continues to rise, and the public sector continues to do so.
3. The medium-term performance of the Eastern Wealth Division will sustain high growth. In the long run, corporate public fund-raising licences are on the ground, and the path to wealth management is becoming clear, with a strong vision of the future of retail wealth management.
The company maintained a “buy-in” rating of $1,291 million in net profits in 2018 and $1.855 billion in 2019.