The third quarter of 2018 revealed that Eastern wealth had increased by 2.38 billion yuan in operating income in the previous three quarters.
35 per cent; net profit return of 80 million yuan, a 75 per cent increase in the same year; operating income of 740 million yuan in the third quarter, a 10.8 per cent increase in the same year; net profit of 240 million yuan, a 23 per cent increase in the same year.
Given the relative stability of the brokering rates, this represents a further increase in the share of the city. We estimate that, after steady growth in successive seasons, the third quarter of the company’s brokerage market accounted for 2.7 per cent or 3.6 per cent of the market environment.
In a situation of continued weakness, the difficulty of obtaining tickets has increased significantly, and the advantage of the flow of money in the future has become more pronounced. “Systems lead the way to stage 3.0 on the Internet.” In our view, the top 10 players in the brokering market in the next 1-2 years are likely to be.
Promulgated licence support company wealth management business: the company achieved other operating income of $313 million in the third quarter.
The company has recently obtained a license plate for the management of public funds, and the Fund’s business editions have been enriched, and in the long run will complement and synergize with other company operations, further improve the financial management layout of the Department’s operations and facilitate the transition to an integrated financial management service provider.
The company’s ability to fight against the downside of the market has steadily increased. We believe that, on the one hand, as the company’s long-term accumulation of flows and customer sticky advantages at the pc and moving end has been translated into securities, the size of the fund’s business, slowing down the downward trend in the market, and, on the other hand, the overall business layout of the company has gradually improved, providing the customer’s uniforms.
The cost side continues to be affected by debt convertibility and the expansion of the underline network. The total cost of companies operating in the third quarter is 526 million, a small increase of 5 per cent over the same period. The financial cost is 33 million yuan, compared to -21 million yuan in the same period last year, the main one.
Subject to the impact of debt-transferable costs; management costs (including R & D costs) of $341 million, an increase of 16 per cent over the same year, corresponding management costs of 46 per cent, an increase of 2bp over the same year, continued to be affected by the expansion of the off-the-shelf network, with companies having opened 127 business departments and 11 branches at the end of September 2018.
Peipei@qjzq.com.cn Risk of accelerated downs in the securities market: Policy regulatory tightening risk: securities business does not perform the desired wind
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment