Eastern wealth (300059): three-quarterly review in 2018. Profit better than expected. Urban regress. Event: Corporate Bulletin, three-quarterly report in 2018. Gross operating income of 2,379 million yuan in the previous three quarters, compared with the previous three quarters.
34.76 per cent increase: net profit attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders is 801 million yuan, an increase of 75.02 per cent over the same period, correspondingly, research assistant Ma Xiangyun  240 million profits outperformed expectations in the third quarter, and vice versa: 1) 3 seasons
A single-quarter increase of 2.3 per cent in fees and net commission revenue for companies based on securities brokerage, a 36 per cent to 280 million yuan decline in the ring margin (a cumulative increase of 27 per cent in the previous three quarters) and a two-fold decline in the quarterly round of revenues resulting from market turnover and an accelerated decline in the two-fold market equity fund (2018q3 market equity fund)
During the period, we judge that this is due to the continuing reversal of the city's share and the continued realization of the client's resource advantage. 2) The “business income” predominantly based on sales of gold has fallen by 9 per cent in a single quarterly round, with a year-on-year increase of 8.9 to 314 million yuan (a cumulative increase of 34 per cent in the first three quarters), and the sales of the Fund is expected to be slower in the third quarter, but in the same year.
▪ Retail stock market share continues to rise and the company ' s medium-term performance is expected to remain high: on the basis of market turnover in the first three quarters and the net revenue from company fees and commissions, we estimate that the market share of brokerage stock trading accumulated in the first three quarters of the first stock exchange was 2.3 per cent (2018 q1 exchange)
We believe that the resilience of the broker market will become more pronounced in the future, with a low rate of interest and a contraction in the number of new openings. From the perspective of retail securities business models, we believe that the company’s core advantage has always been the flow edge, the dominant advantage (the highly sticky users of Eastern wealth networks and stock cafes), while the company relies on cheap servants.
The gold rate and the two-fold interest rate (with significant cost advantages for Internet coupons) and the richer service model (data terminals, information, social investment platforms, etc.) continue to transform their customers, and we believe that the number of customers and the increase in municipal ownership in the medium term will continue to drive high growth in corporate performance.
• The new era of corporate wealth management was opened with credit recognition, and the registration of a public fund opened up: the recent approval of the Tibetan East Monetary Fund marked the company's formal entry into the larger wealth management market in the future profit space,1 Eastern Wealth (300059): Public fund-raising
The third tier of liquidity (formerly sold from the Fund to retail securities) was launched, and we saw companies displaying three natural core advantages: customer resources, platform systems, and operating costs in the field of wealth management at the time of the launch of the new wealth management.
From international experience, Merit is a model for a successful transition from Internet retail securities to wealth management, and we believe that companies will create and invest in fund products in the future.
Mid-year review: Internet voucher trademark poles, leader of retail wealth management, 2018-08-03 Consultant, customer asset allocation, etc., have much to offer.
3. Eastern Wealth: Annual Report 2017: Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: In the short and medium term, it is expected that the company retail stock market will continue to grow, pushing for high performance growth.
The development path of 2018-03-18 is gradually clear, with a strong vision of the future of retail wealth management.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board