Chinese Medicines (000963). Performances meet expectations, R & D pushes for transformation. Pharmaceutical Biochemists perform as expected. Companies achieved business income of $35.446 billion in 2019.
The dollar, which represents a growth of 15.60 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, which is 2,813 million yuan in the same year, or 15.12 per cent in the same year; and the equivalent of eps.61 dollars. Of this, 2019q4 million yuan in the same season, an increase of 30.96 per cent in the same year.
Industrially good, business sound, medically healthy. During the reporting period, the company's industrial board maintained a good growth rate, and the subsidiary, China and the Middle East, collected $10,508 million.
During the last year, the company’s business portfolio generated $2598 million, an increase of 9.82 per cent over the previous year, and its channels continued to sink, thus strengthening the market for medicine in Zhejiang province.
With a current revenue of $509 million, an increase of 569.81 per cent over the same period; and with a 36 per cent increase in the year-on-year income of Sinclair, the net profit was reversed. Research and development efforts continued to increase.
(b) Strategic plan for innovative drug development, which plans to complete the identification and storage of no fewer than 15 innovations per year, with the innovation portfolio accounting for the industrial sector as a whole in 2025
During the reporting period, the iii clinical trial was initiated by Myvartini, and the imported oral glp-1 innovation drug ttp273 has been notified of the clinical trial, which is produced by Hua Xing securities for the sole use of customers of Hua Xing securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
It shall be independent and shall consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.