10%
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
CTGDF (601888 CH)
HOLD (Down)
Management initiatives may not fully dispel uncertainty
over the planned margins recovery; down to HOLD
Target Price
RMB212
(Previous TP
RMB350)
Up/Downside
+12.6%
4Q21 tourist traffic (+63% QoQ) recovered as we expected, and so was CTGDF's
Current Price
RMB188.3
rally, before the shares plunged further for the quarter's aggressive discounts that
China Consumer Sector
subsequently prompted a 10% cut in our 2021E earnings. CTGDF management
pledged to uphold better margins for 2022 through disciplined promotions and a
Joseph Wong
committed price collusion with other Hainan duty-free operators. That said,
Hainan's 100bn sales target looks to be a setback that could again drag CTGDF
into the unhappy paradox between profitability and growth, particularly
considering the current fluid travel outlook. Separately, the rising contribution
Stock Data
from lower-margin businesses (e-commerce and duty-paid) could also manifest
into a disruptor to management's plan. The path to GPM recovery looks bumpy
to us, and to reflect the augmenting ambiguities, we downgrade CTGDF to HOLD
on a 29% cut in our 2022E earnings on back of a 7.3pp cut in GPM. At c.10%
below consensus, our 2022E net profits reflects 1) a troughed GPM from 4Q21,
which, however, remains lacklustre into 2022E, and 2) a relatively flattish EBIT
Shareholding Structure
margins to showcase management's execution efficiency to mitiagte the stagnant
GPM trajectory. Meanwhile, we also lower our target multiple to 36.5x end-22 P/E
(from previously 49.0x) which is now rebased to -1sd below its 3-year average.
We trim our TP to RMB 212 from RMB 350.
Share Performance
Major earnings assumptions:
We cut 14% of our 2022E revenue to RMB98bn, which mainly comprises
RMB11bn contribution from Sunrise Shanghai/ Shanghai Airports, and
Source: Bloomberg
RMB80bn from Hainan offshore operations. For the latter, the amount would
account for 80% of Hainan's target, largely in line with CTGDF's market
12-mth Price Performance
share on the island.
We lowered our 2022E GPM to 31.6% (from 38.9%) based on 34% for duty-
free business and 26% for duty-paid business. We still assume cosmetics/
apparels to offer the highest GPM with the former at 40%+, followed by
watches/ jewelry at 30%+, while electronics offer the lowest at c10%.
Cosmetics/ perfume will contribute to c50% of the sales mix, followed by
c20% of electronics, and the remaining from watches/ alcohol/ leather goods.
Any supportive policies announcement, espeically the easing of China's
zero-covid policy, represent upside risks to our rating/ TPs. In particular, we
Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers
consider the relaxation on the purchase of imported necessities for Hainan
Related Reports
residents a trump card to help achieve the 100bn target.
1. "CTGDF (601888 CH) - At near term
trough; Shares likely mean-revert on
sequentially better 4Q tourist traffic;
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: Hainan government, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Expansion of Haikou/ Sanya Duty-free complex is crucial to
sustain CTGDF's leadership in Hainan
Following the favorable tax policy for tourists leaving Hainan to enjoy duty-free
shopping, Hainan's core duty-free sale channels have been captured by CTGDF
through the establishment of offshore duty-free stores throughout the island. In 2014,
its Sanya International Duty-Free Complex, the first integrated travel retail complex in
China, and the largest single duty-free store in the world in terms of total sales area
according to Frost & Sullivan, commenced business with more than 70,000 sq m of
sales area. CTGDF also operates duty-free stores with easy access in downtown
Haikou and the area of Boao Forum for Asia. To stay in line with its marketing and
promotion strategy, it has set up experience centers designed for different locations
such as resorts, scenic spots, and outlets in Hainan to let travelers experience the
products in person while offering the pick-up service when they depart Hainan.
Together with two major airports in Hainan, it has successfully set up a well-rounded
duty-free retail network.
CTGDF's offshore duty-free stores offer Chinese tourists who usually visit overseas
duty-free stores another option. In 2020, in view of the favorable government policies
and COVID-19 pandemic which caused significant decrease in international travel
activities, its sales from offshore duty-free stores recorded a strong improvement. In
2018, 2019 and 2020, the revenue generated from offshore duty-free stores were
RMB8,010.4mn, RMB13,249.6mn and RMB29,961.9mn, with a CAGR of 93.4%.
In response to the "duty-free shopping plus premium hotel" project, expansion of
Sanya International Duty-Free Complex is expected. The duty-free shopping area has
been under construction since Mar 2021 and is foreseen to be completed in 2023 with
an estimated GFA of 76,500 sq m. For hotel area, its construction is targeted to start
sq m. We believe the expansion of Haikou/ Sanya Duty-free complex is crucial to
sustain CTGDF's leadership in Hainan (currently 80%+ market share).
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
We expect more supportive policies to come
To revive the duty-free market that has been significantly hit by COVID-19, the
Chinese government enacted a series of policies to promote the growth and
development of the duty-free industry including measures to encourage offshore duty-
free shopping and the development of integrated travel retail complex and downtown
duty-free stores.
Source: Government websites, CMBIGM
We await relaxation on purchase of imported necessities for Hainan residents
The next supportive policy announcement, according to the Chinese government in
December 2020, relates to allowing duty-free shopping for Hainan onshore residents
(without departing Hainan), which we believe could be a pilot program ahead of the
per capita that CTGDF could capture, we estimate the relaxation, should it realize,
would represent a RMB10bn addressable market that CTGDF could explore.
Domestic consumption repatriation
The 14th Five-Year Plan promotes a new development pattern that centers on the
domestic consumption circulation along with the co-development of an international
circulation. The policy emphasizes the central role of the domestic consumption and
seeks to improve the efficacy and efficiency of the circulation with the aim of bringing
back overseas spending to sustain domestic economic growth. According to CTGDF,
total overseas duty-free spending by China tourists reached approximately RMB1.8tn
in 2019, with Korean Duty-free (KDFS) contributing to RMB1tn, 55% of the total. These
compare to only RMB54bn domestic duty free spending. Assuming 10% of the
spending will be redirected to the domestic market, we estimate this could boost the
market size of the latter by 33%.
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
In fact, with the relaxation of duty-free policy since Jul 2020, the total imports of
consumer goods grew 8.2% YoY to RMB1.6tn, according to the China Custom.
Jewelry and cosmetics offered the fastest growth of 30%, followed by suitcase of 20%.
This translated to RMB33bn duty-free spending for Hainan for the same year, despite
travel restrictions amid the pandemic. Given the ambition of reshaping Hainan to be a
tax-free port by 2025, domestic duty-free sales will remain a channel to repatriate
overseas consumption back to China.
Source: China Customs, State Taxation Administration, CMBIGM
An aggressive online strategy
CTGDF took the initiative to develop its online platform. It takes full advantage of the rise
of online shopping and creates a consistent customer engagement from the moment a trip
is planned and the moment the traveler returns home. The international travel restrictions
since early 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic has accidentally accelerated the
launch of the initiative. Of note, CTGDF has been fully engaged in online sales and
marketing through multiple online channels since Feb 2020 with new functions that include,
but not limited to the followings:
Personalized product recommendations
Personalized product recommendations were made to customers based on their
browsing and purchase histories. CTGDF also organized livestreaming shows to
enable direct interaction between customers and KOLs.
Customer services and customer loyalty program
The Company provided online chats and hotline support to respond to customer
enquiries. An integrated customer loyalty program based on membership points was
also created via WeChat app.
超级会员日
报索商品
直播专宠购
活动专区
足不出户，尊享全球奢品。中免会员正式上线，
微信支付
美上优惠贝
( THE REST OF
38女神节 全场 5 折起
所有活起
抽奖福利
英容护肤
銀紙上な
本国补货王
香水馆
要不“依”重
"独"点2021
脑表音饰
爆品预告
服饰箱包
食品保健
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
LNY tourist traffic recap
Touristic visitations/ revenue during 2022 LNY (1.31-2.6) still slightly declined by 2%/
3.9% YoY. It recovered to 73.9%/ 56.3% of 2019 level, but was still relatively low amid
the major national holidays since Mid-Autumn and National Day in Oct 2020, though
higher than 2021 full year levels of 51%/ 54%. This is likely because China has been
normalizing the opening of touristic attractions, with over 70% of A-rated attractions in
the countries opened during LNY.
The covid situation has been well managed in China, where the covid control policy
tends to become more flexible in order to minimize unnecessary hurt to traffic flow and
Feb 2022 also reflected China's willingness to accelerate the recovery process. We
see scope for tourist traffic to trough in 2022.
Tourism and duty-free shopping in Hainan maintained strong momentum throughout the
LNY holiday (1.30-2.6) although China has maintained its zero-covid policy so far. For
instance, touristic revenue and no. of tourists in Hainan came in at RMB753mn/5.4mn,
when the no. of travelers at Haikou Meilan Airport increased 56.4% YoY and flight
bookings to Hainan grew 40%+ on Ctrip.com. During 30 Jan - 5 Feb, the 10 duty-free
stores in Hainan recorded sales value/ no. of shoppers/ no. of units purchased/
spending per shopper of RMB1,980mn/ 278k/ 1.65mn/ RMB7,127, +144%/ +128%/
+143%/ +125% YoY, respectively.
On the other hand, in January, passenger flow has recovered to 70%+ vs 2019 in both
Sanya Phoenix and Haikou Meilan Airports, the two major airports in Hainan. Sanya
Phoenix has also exceeded 2019 level in terms of no. of flights (Meilan at c.92% vs
2019). Tourist spendings/ visitations in Hainan grew 22.0%/ 13.1% YoY and 62.6%/
1.66% vs 2019. Duty free revenue kept tracking brightly, with sales value/ no. of
shoppers/ spending per shopper of RMB5,822mn/ 980k/ RMB5,940, +43.8%/ +40.2%/
+2.9% YoY.
Hainan province targeted to achieve RMB100bn sales in 2022E, RMB300bn in 2025E
and RMB700-800bn in 2030E, which imply a 65%+ YoY growth in 2022E, a 44%+
CAGR in 2023E-25E and a 21%+ CAGR in 2026E-30E. Its 2025 target implies a nearly
five-fold growth potential vs RMB60.2bn revenue in 2021. Longer term, we think CTGDF
would likely be the major beneficiary from the expansion of Hainan duty free market,
given a 80%+ estimated market share on the Island.
Source: Government websites, CMBIGM
Source: Hainan government, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBIGMG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBIGMG may distribute reports produced by its respective
foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is
distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289)
of Singapore, CMBIGMG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBIGMG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.