In-depth report by China Gold (601995)
On July 12, 2023, China’s first joint venture and investment bank. The company is a well-known financial institution and company base, both domestic and foreign.
Since its establishment in 1995, the company has been working to provide high-quality financial value-added services to its clients. Its headquarters is based in Beijing, with several subsidiaries in the country, branches in Shanghai and Shenzhen, and in the north.
Many cities, such as Kyoto, Shanghai, Shenzhen, have a securities department. Companies are also active in overseas markets, with subsidiaries in Hong Kong, China, New York, London, and Singapore.
In 20231, market performance improved, and corporate performance rebounded, yielding revenues and net profits. From 2012 to 2022, net revenues from company investment fees went from STIs to complete the creation and financing of the ipo, which was over $62 billion.
On 30 September, the company ranked 92 ipo projects in the queue, ranking industry 6; 40 refinancing projects in the queue, ranking industry 7; and self-employment income increased company q1 ' s performance on a year-on-year basis.
Investment recommendations: For the first time, the company is given an “enhanced” rating. The company is a front-runner, performing for long-term growth, has a large ipo list for its own business, and has a large investment return on a large scale. With the introduction of the registration system and the trend towards concentration in the securities industry, the company is acting as a firm.
For the first time, the company is given an “enhanced” rating. Companies are expected to lose 2023 revenue from brokering operations; large market fluctuations lead to greater gains and losses on investment returns and fair value changes; capital market reforms are not progressing as expected; corporate governance mechanisms are at risk; credit defaults
1. China’s first offshore joint venture and investment bank has a long history. Companies are formed by well-known financial institutions and companies, both domestic and foreign, based on joint investment in strategic partnerships.
Since its establishment in 1995, the company has been working to provide high-quality financial value-added services to clients, covering macroeconomic, securities and market research, equity and debt issuance and underwriting, mergers and acquisitions of financial advisers, equity sales transactions, fixed earnings, self-investments, asset management, wealth management, direct management.
The company has its headquarters in Beijing, its subsidiaries in Shanghai and Shenzhen, and its stock offices in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen. The company has also been active in opening overseas markets and, as the scope of its operations continues to expand, has established subsidiaries in Hong Kong, China, New York, London, and Singapore.
The company was approved by the People’s Bank of China on July 31, 1995 in China.
The name of IFC was established in China and its registered capital was $100 million. It was initiated by the former Chinese People's Construction Bank, Morgan Stanley International, China Insurance Corporation (then known as China Economic Technology Investment Guarantee Corporation), Singapore Government Investment Limited (then known as Singapore Government Investment Corporation) and Famous Group Holdings Ltd. (Don).
On 1 June 2015, the company was transformed into a limited company, called China International Gold Bank Limited, and on 9 November 2015, the company was successfully listed in Hong Kong. On 4 November 2016, the company entered into an equity transfer agreement with the money transfer, whereby the company agreed to buy and transfer the money and to sell the original securities (Modified now).
On March 21, 2017, the company became the sole shareholder of the original Chinese securities (now known as the Chinese gold wealth securities). On March 23, 2018, the company completed its assignment.
On November 2, 2020, the company was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, with the first public release of 458,589,000 shares a. In 2021, the company completed the consolidation of its 20 branches of wealth management in China, further integrating the business of the two sides, and after that, the company became the parent company.
Investment banking, equity, fixed-income operations, asset management, private equity operations: China's wealth management as a wholly-owned subsidiary. In June 2022, China's International Finance (Hong Kong) Limited changed its name to China's International Finance (International) Limited.
The central remittance is currently a major shareholder.