Broadband securities (000776.sz) Top bonds with a core advantage in large-scale operations.
The company’s core niche is asset management, participation in equity funds, the Open Fund, and management ranking industries 1 and 3.1 Management operations: net revenue from management is higher, with 25h1 being 24% (combined bonds)
Gold, Alfonda Fund management ranks 3rd and 1rd in the industry, with net profits equal to +44 per 24 per cent, which together accounts for 17 per cent of the profit on widely issued securities. Net revenues raised for 2024 years. Companies' traditional agent trading in securities accounted for about 4 per cent of the market, while sales of financial products took place.
The 5th place on the size of the fund for admissions and sales, and the first step in the transformation of wealth management, have benefited mainly from large investment groups (4601 people in 2024, with the parent ' s first caliber), gold, regulatory sanctions, investment income and share, which have fallen to a low point.
The size of the debt cover and the city’s share are on the rise, with 25h1 municipalities rising to more than 2 per cent, with large macroeconomic downs; equity markets falling down sharply; and investment operations not repaired as expected.
1.1 Corporate profile: The top private securities dealer, with the top 10 top rankings, was formally transformed into the Broadway Securities Corporation in 1994. In 2010 and 2015, the company was listed on the master board of the Hong Kong border crossing. For more than 30 years, the company has been working to expand its territory, the country, and the country.
Overseas, the whole business chain is well organized and balanced, with key business indicators consistently at the top of the industry. On 8 January 2025, the company issued an announcement that HK$ 2,137 million had been added to its subsidiary, the Hong Kong Holdings Company Limited, with Gilling Odong, Liaoninggang and Nakayama as the top three shareholders for 26 years. As of the end of 25H1, Gillin had been a thief.
The combined share of East and its co-actors, Liao Ning Da and his co-actors, and Nakayama and their co-activists in total shares of companiesa and h, respectively, is 20.11 per cent, 17.97 per cent and 10.57 per cent, respectively, and the equity structure is stable over time.
The share of investment income has fallen to a low point after being subject to regulatory sanctions, and is now in a small upturn. In terms of income rankings in the profit tables, corporate management has been ranked second in stability, surpassing other lines of business, and in 2020, it fell sharply, mainly as a result of regulatory sanctions, and has recovered in the last two years.
The combined wealth management and investment management (mainly light asset income) revenue is about 60-80 per cent, and the company ' s low asset performance is prominent, benefiting more than its counterparts in cases where the market is more active. To do so, the 25h1 market has maintained a high turnover, a better earning effect and a 48 per cent increase in net profits from the company ' s parent.
Roe (non-annual) increased by 1.44 pct over the same year. 25q2 achieved a net return profit of 3.713 billion yuan, a 31 per cent increase in the same year.
The Corporate Investment Management Business Block has a well-established financial management system through the provision of management fees, consultancy fees, and performance rewards for asset management, fund management and private fund management services.
(i) Promulgation of Twin Stars Widely Issued Securities to run a public fund management operation through a holding subsidiary, the Ifonda Foundation and a participating company. As of the end of 25h1, the company held 54.53% of the equity in the Open Fund and 22.65% of the equity in the Fund was three of them.
Millions of dollars, ranking 1 and 3 in the industry, and raising two-star brands with a significant effect. The size of the management of the Open Development Fund grew from $304.8 billion in 2016 to $1,509.5 billion by the end of 25h1, with the total size rising from 11 in 2016 to the third in the end of 25h1. At the end of 25h1, the Open Development Fund managed the size of the Central African Monetary Fund.
Compared to 59 per cent, 13 per cent of equity-based funds, and 12 per cent of mixed-type funds. From 780 million active equity product management rates in 2016, the net profit management rate of the Open Fund has been revised downwards, and the change in fees of the Open Fund has been reduced.
At the end of May 2025, the Fund's high-quality development programme index fund was further expanded. The programme referred to “a major development effort.”
Various in- and out-of-the-field index funds continue to enrich the thematic investment stock index fund, which is aligned with national strategies and development orientation, “A quick-register mechanism for the introduction of the stock-trading open index fund (ETf).” The trend is towards the adoption of the passive development of the Fund's products in the future, with more than 70 per cent of the passive funds being ETf products, and companies that are well placed in ETf are expected to benefit.
By the end of 25h1, the Efonda Fund’s Etf management size stood at $666.2 billion, ranked second in the industry, and the company was expected to consolidate the position of the head fund company by building on the larger trend of Etf. In terms of profit contributions, the Effort 25h1 Fund’s net profit was $1.9 billion, 1.2 billion, an increase of 24%, compared with the corresponding increase of 24%.
In 44 per cent of cases, the profit ratio of both accounts for a total of 17 per cent. About 20 per cent of 25h1 funds and 20 per cent of funds and 10 per cent of the securities and the greater the contribution of two fund companies to the earnings and profits of the securities and the more favourable the increase in the volume of securities.
2.2 The wealth management segment of the company consists mainly of wealth management and brokerage, futures brokerage, finance coupons, buy-back transactions and finance leasing operations, in which wealth management and brokerage are core business. 25h1, wealth management
The business sector accounts for 40% of the revenue, the highest of the four major sections. Considering that the financing coupons, stock pledges are matched by interest income on the profit sheet, we place these two operations under credit.
330, with $6.14 million in 2024, and eighth place in the securities class. The securities market accounted for about 4% of the average over a decade, and the volatility was not significant, mainly because the company was not actively involved in the commission.
In the process of transforming wealth management, the size of the financial product and the size of its holdings are the initial targets. 25h1, Public.
One billion yuan, or about 14 per cent more than at the beginning of the year. According to the size of the public fund-raising holdings disclosed by the foundation association, 25h1 billion yuan was distributed, ranked fifth in the list of securities dealers, and was more capable of marketing financial products, benefiting from a rich product system, a large investment team and the help of financial science and technology.
As wealth management transitions deepen, buyers’ investment is the focus of future development. In 2024, wide-scale securities were upgraded to be easy to exploit, and gold apps became brand-new, offering users a more structured and professional online investment service that enriched the product. The company’s investment team was large, with 4,601 qualified employees as of the end of 2024.
Since the beginning of the year, the tide of deepseek has swept around the globe, with wide-ranging securities taking the lead in accessing large model technologies and applying them to investment. By accessing the big model of deepseek and integrating the business landscape of the company, the knowledge base is expected to respond in real time to client demand and improve service efficiency.
2.3 Credit operations risk is manageable and the market share of the two-consolidated companies has risen gradually, mainly as a result of a fall in interest rates that attracts some interest-sensitive customers and an increase in the quality of services provided by the two-consolidated operations.
Stock pledge operations are well under way, life-cycle management initiatives are being rigorously implemented, and asset structures are being optimized. At the end of 25h1, the 2.4-opportunity campaign is in a recovery phase, with negative growth in 2024.
During the 19th month, documents relating to the wide distribution of securities bond underwriting were not processed, and the company’s investment income and share fell to a low level.
The company's trading and institutional portfolio consists mainly of equity investment and trading operations, sale of fixed earnings and trading operations, sales and trading of derivatives of equity, alternative investment operations, investment research operations and asset hosting operations, with investment gains from self-employment and non-financial investments dominated by fluctuations in stock markets, debt markets, derivatives markets and net corporate investment receipts.
At the structural level, it is based on solid receipts, self-employed non-equity and the size of its derivatives, which account for about 90% of the stock derivatives. In the case of stock derivatives, the company is paid at the level of eight off-site derivatives.
At the end of 25h1, the company issued private fund-raising through the Chinese inter-agency pricing system and the counter market. Figure 39: Self-employed and non-interested share of the company
(a) A change in accounting policy in 2025 (in accordance with the accounting treatment relating to the standard warehouse order transactions issued by the Ministry of Finance, the company will not recognize sales income and sales costs when it sells standard warehouse receipts, which are sold at futures trading premises and do not involve physical withdrawals, in the short term, but will account for the difference between the price charged and the book value of the standard warehouse order sold as investment proceeds);
As a result of the significant decline in revenues from bulk commodity sales, which were not adjusted retroactively in 2024, the year-on-year increase in 2025 was not entirely comparable, and the corresponding cost of bulk commodity sales in total operating expenses was also reduced, resulting in a significant decline in profits and increases, mainly due to changes in the statistical calibre and income data of the bulk commodity sales income due to changes in accounting policies.
(2) Investing in operations: ipo relaxation, equity underwriting, including tradable financial assets, investment in claims, investment in other claims, investment in other equity instruments, derivative financial instruments in 2024, valuation for us using comparable valuation methods (net rate method) and selection of China's Milky Way, Kinshin securities, Sino-Kin investment, solicitation
Securities, gold companies, etc., are close to companies as comparable. 2025e compares to an average of 1.6 times the pb. In the short term, the performance of widely issued securities has increased at a high rate, with corporate brokers, managers, self-employment ratios benefiting from this year's market environment.
1. A significant downside in macroeconomics: Downward macroeconomics can lead to a decline in disposable income for the population, corporate profit-taking, which affects capital market turnover and the willingness and ability of enterprises to market, all have an impact on the incomes of companies in a wide range of areas, such as brokerage, investment, management, investment, etc.
2. Significant downswings in equity markets: large downswings in equity markets have a negative impact on market turnover and on the earning effect of investments, thus affecting multi-line revenues.3 Investment operations are not repaired as expected: companies have not yet returned to their pre-punishment levels, and the current industry ipo, re-entering.
The size of the capital is also below the pre-cyclical adjustment level, and if competition in the market increases, the recovery in the stock ratio of firms may be slower than expected.