The second quarter has recovered well, and the logic of financial integrator growth has remained the same, and hensen Electronic 2020h1 reports a rapid return to business and a steady growth of traditional business.
During the first quarter of the year, the company was affected by the epidemic, which affected its project contract and delivery, and the second quarter, which recovered rapidly as the epidemic improved. The single quarter, which increased by 18.69%, achieved a net profit of $284 million and a fair value change.
The net gain of $104 million eliminated a quarter loss and, overall, the business recovery was good. From a breakdown of operations, the sales of bits and large-capitalit operations generated $602 million and $477 million, respectively, representing an increase of 0.97 per cent and 10.36 per cent, respectively, with Māori rates affected by the adjustment of accounting standards, respectively, by 72.42 per cent and 89.22 per cent respectively; banking and industrialit operations were affected by the impact.
The company acquired Guangzhou's new version of the data model, which is now being secured for 100 years.
The growth rate of Māori is 91.41%, the highest in all editions. Innovative business focuses mainly on financial cloud services, big data, ai, and the chain of blocks, and the prospects for the future are great.
\triangleright, a leading financial science and technology firm, will benefit fully from the outbreak of demand driven by capital market reforms. The company is the leading financial science and technology firm in my country, with a higher market share in securities, funds, insurance, banking, etc., based on idc.
In 2019, reporting companies ranked 43 high in global financial science and technology. In recent years, our capital markets have promoted a number of reforms and innovations, such as the registration of entrepreneurship boards, new banking rules, new regulations, stronger regulations, and so on, all of which will bring huge demands for the integration of the gold. In the medium and long term, the company’s industry has not changed, and the direction and strength of financial market reforms have continued.
There is still a medium- and long-term logic for firms to grow fast. The market position of technology leaders and the increase in demand brought about by capital-market reforms, on the other hand, compared with the current estimates of comparable firms, Changes in capital-market reform planning: reforms are not as fast as expected; corporate R & D outcomes are not as high as expected; and there is a risk of re-emergence.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Civil Securities and the University of Foreign Economics and Trade in Shanghai, where he was a former author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice from the Chinese Securities Association, which ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,