The impact of the epidemic is limited, healthy growth and non-repatriate net profits are rising in reverse. New income standards show a decline in costs. First half of the year, affected by a new coronary pneumonia epidemic, company contracts, on-site delivery, etc.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): Impact. As the epidemic is brought under effective control and public fund-raising funds invest in business, pilot lists and stock-shifting reforms, companies are gradually recovering and increasing steadily.
As a result of the higher return on changes in the fair value of prior-year financial assets, the net profit on the basis of non-recurring gains and losses has increased in double digits. Corporate management costs have remained largely stable, with sales and R & D costs falling by 44.71 per cent and 11.98 per cent, respectively, due mainly to implementation effective 1 January 2020.
Under the new revenue guidelines, the company would include the costs of project implementation, maintenance services and project developers related to contractual performance obligations as a result of contract performance costs, taking into account operating costs.
1) Large Retailit Business: achieving revenues of 602 million yuan, an increase of 0.97% from the same year, with the majority of new products approved by the head customers. 2) Large Fundedit Business: achieving revenue of 477 million yuan, an increase of 10.36% from the same year. New foreign financing institutions have largely chosen integrated corporate products, oriented towards the core production of bank finance subsidiaries.
SMS Research - Hensen Electronics (600570.sh): The global conglomerate captures the market, and the market share continues to lead. 3) Banking and Industrialit operations: a gain of $109 million and a decrease of 12.62 per cent in the impact of the epidemic.
• Acquisition of the Guangzhou Anzheng software, which complements the data centre capability, and the new version of the data model, which has been adopted by a number of large institutions for military use. 5) Internet innovation: income of $260 million, an increase of 9.40 per cent.
The company has continued to advance the “online” strategy and to upgrade its medium-level architecture and data capabilities The first half of the year, the company's products have continued to upgrade: 1) to advance the “online” strategy and to accelerate the landing of new products based on cloud-based living structures. 2) The latest ldp low-time technology platform has been released to improve high performance
(c) Increased input from central sources, gtn, data hubs, and the launch of new products for data operations, bottom platforms and complementary products such as cross-link chains, key protection, are currently recorded in supply chain finance, charity data, etc.
Over the past five years, companies have been mainly transporting macroeconomic downsides that affect the input of downstream customers; financial science and technology policies have fallen short of expectations; and new products have been produced.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and professional competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement to draw conclusions and draw conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Service, according to the Licence for the Operation of Securities (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.S.I.S.C. has the qualifications for the Portfolio Investment Advisory Service approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.