Performance is back on track, and the dividends of capital market reform continue to release chuancaiseci-Hongsin Electronic (600570) mid-2020.
The company released its mid-2020 report, and during the reporting period it achieved operating income of $1.619 billion, an increase of 6.27 per cent: $344 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a decrease of 49.33 per cent in the same year; one quarter of performance attributable to the previous reporting category was affected by the epidemic, and the second quarter accelerated with the resumption of work and the dividends of capital market reforms.
Releases, capital market activity rises, and companies are back on track. Corporate business income sub-operations grew by 0.97% in the first half of the year, big capital administration at $478 million, 10.36% in the same year, banks and industry at suncan@cczq.com
Growth of 28.52 per cent, Internet innovation of 260 million yuan, or 9.4 per cent, and non-financial business of 0.6 billion yuan, or 30.09 per cent, respectively. Large retailit business is more affected by the epidemic, so that large capital management business increases more than large retailit.
It shows that the future is within reach. The base for non-financial operations is small, so it's growing faster. Data risks and infrastructure.
Sustained R & D inputs and cutting-edge technological research guarantee constant innovation. Sustained R & D personnel and inputs remain industry leaders, with nearly 5,000 R & D workers in the first half of 2020.
The R & D investment, amounting to R & D RMB 593 million or 36.6% of operating income, was influenced by the new accounting standards and the epidemic, and the R & D cost ratio decreased slightly, with no clear changes in R & D costs compared to previous years.
New products in the structure of 28 West Side Street, Beijing: the company has released the latest ldp low-time technology platform: many new products have been introduced in the data field, accelerating the digitalization of the product. At the same time, the company is expanding its new technology.
The 1,000 Hengsheng House on Land Gate Road is a business area. For example, through mergers, joint ventures, etc., access to new data businesses, bond markets, distribution networks, etc., enables companies to establish a technological lead in new business in a short time.
In the first half of the year, ihsmarkit formed a joint venture with Hensen Electronics to provide electronic bookkeeping documentation for the Chinese bond market.
China's (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment Area has cooperated slightly in the purchase, localization and promotion of the Fusioninvest products, and in the creation of a suitable investment in China's national environment.
In the first half of 2020, financial regulatory reforms continued to advance, financial openness continued to deepen, and the financial sector grew in demand for full digitalization.
Supervising the roll-out of new three-share conversion reforms, the continued expansion of the Public Fund Investment Consultants (PIF) pilot, short-term corporate debt, infrastructure public funds reits, and asset-support commercial instruments (abcp) both enrich the supply of capital markets and continue to deepen the reforms.
With effect from 1 April 2020, the foreign equity quota for bondholders was lifted, and the number of foreign-owned financial institutions continued to grow in the first half of 2020, with successive joint-stock holders such as Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Xin and others. In May 2020, regulation formally lifted the investment limit for eligible investors and optimized it.
The size of assets, profitability and business models, product depth mismatches, financial corporate development and financial institution development mismatches, domestic capital market reforms and financial outreach
In this context, the space for financial science and technology development will continue to expand, and companies, as leaders in financial science and technology,3 the capital market reforms will not go as far as expected; 4) the commercial model of financial science and technology development and development will not go as far as expected.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company who has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to disclose it.
Clients of the company receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person who obtained the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.