Big retail, big money management is doing well, and the company's leading position is maintained - the E.H.E.A. report (600570).
www.hundsun.com Hangzhou Hengsheng Electronics Group has a profit of 287 million, an increase of 11.75 per cent over the same year.
q2 battalion took back the heat, the system changed so much that it was retail and large-scale: 13.3% of the company's revenue fell in the first half of the year, and the impact of the epidemic gradually diminished. The decline in net profits from the company was due to a significant change in the fair value of financial assets.
A market value of the share in circulation (millions of yuan) A business start-up board reform, a new three-board top-level change opportunity, and a strong push to manage the use of 5.0, ta5.0 products in head clients; investment in trading systems, asset allocation systems
On the financial side, the company’s new product investment transactions of 045, the estimated value of 6.0, and its operations of 3.0 help to speed up the digital transformation of clients and improve the efficiency of its operations.
In the context of the phasing out of restrictions and the gradual easing of the share of venture capital investments, there are promising prospects for companies to manage their business. By increasing equity investments and mergers, companies are committed to expanding the ecologicalization of financial applications.
Circles: In the first half of 2020, companies acquired Enron software, strengthened their data hub capacity, and moved forward to consolidate the business base of the data risk and infrastructureit. In recent years, companies have been investing in a range of equity investments, covering a wide range of subsectors of business, including Internet finance, for example.
Quantified services such as Shenzhen's Beam: the company also opens up innovative business paths such as block chains, i, i, and wise.
The review reports _aaa_Power-driven growth, cutting edge technology, voice, etc., have gradually evolved into an ecological layout centred on financial science and technology, expanding the scope for profit. Coverage _aaaa_capital market int, high R & D
Xia Qingyang, Zhang Yingyang, with sustained focus on the center strategy, the results are beginning to show: the company's constant interest in the middle of technology, the middle of business.
And the data center has three main layouts, multi-level upgrades of the technology architecture.
In the first six months of the year, the company, through its network of holding companies, has been able to consolidate its wealth, its management, and its resources.
Integrating services programmes for asset management, corporate services: on the operational side, sustaining growth in revenue from Saas services and asset management; on solutions, ranging from cloud software services to cloud software, cloud operations, cloud infrastructure, etc.
Strategic cooperation, focusing on the development of financial investments to provide specialized asset management investment groups to combine solutions (pms) and to enable companies to continue to develop in the area of managing the cloud. Investment advice and profit forecasting: companies are leading financial integrators, in securities, futures, public funds, etc.
Trusts, insurance, private fund-raising, banking, etc. have a stronger operational impact. As registration reform moves forward and the regulatory environment continues to improve, the company’s backbone will continue to operate.