Permanent Electronics (600570), second-quarter performance improvement, business map expansion on a continuous basis, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company achieved operating income of $1.62 billion in the first half of 2020, an increase of 6.3 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $340 million, a decrease of 49.3 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation of $290 million, an increase of 11.8 per cent in the same period; operating income of $1.1 billion, an increase of 18.7 per cent in the same period in the q2 season;
There was a marked improvement in performance, with revenues of $1.1 billion, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the same year, and a significant change in the retail and cost rates in the first half of 2020, when companies began to implement new income guidelines starting in 2020. Of this, operating costs increased significantly, by 1123.7 per cent over the same year; sales costs fell by 44.7 per cent over the same year; and research and development costs fell over the same year.
The business map is robust, traditional and innovative. Traditional business continues to work, with large retail operations achieving $600 million, an increase of 1 per cent, and large managed operations generating $480 million, an increase of the same amount.
10.4% of new push products are recognized by their head clients, maintaining the leading role of the city. In terms of innovation, the business sector, which is constantly improving its wealth, management and overseas cloud services, is promoting the strategy of “introduction, exit, purchase” of innovative Internet operations, and strengthening the depth and breadth of technology.
Medium-level strategy to effectively increase the rate of reuse of R & D resources, the acquisition of Guangzhou's main software during the reporting period as a supplement to the data business, the introduction of a new version of the data model, and the use of multiple financial institutions in data governance projects to promote public data risk and infrastructure IT optimization.
The localization of the fusioninvest product further leads to an internationalization strategy. Permanent Electronics (600570): Business lines are steady, $1.97, and the net return profit over the next three years will maintain a 13.2% compound growth rate.
The financial science and technology sector is leading and maintaining a “holding” rating as the middle-level strategy becomes more competitive.
Assumption 1: the difference between the company and the international finance technology giants has risen to 43 every year under the company's “introduction, exit, purchase” strategy. Companies now account for more than 50% of the market in the core trading system.
Assumption 2: Banking and Industrialit operations include cash management, supply chain finance, corporate asset pools, etc. In 2019, the business achieved a 27.6 per cent growth rate of the year, and we expect to maintain 20-25 per cent of the market size in the securitiesit sector over the next three years.
The medium-level strategy has greatly improved the efficiency of R & D, with reduced R & D rates and reduced management costs. The administrative costs rates for 2017-2019 are 65 per cent, 56.7 per cent and 52.8 per cent, respectively. We expect that the management costs will be further controlled, and that no future, no one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.