A steady upturn in corporate performance driven by information technology (IT) software and services Events: Companies released their semi-annual 2020 report, generating operating income of $1.619 billion, a year-on-year increase
Revenue from fair value changes in financing products is the result of a larger decline than in the same period of the previous year; net return profit of $287 million after deduction, an increase of 11.75 per cent over the same period.
Facilities t generated income of 110 million yuan, an increase of 28.52 per cent in the same year; Big Capital t, an increase of 9.40 per cent in the same year; Large Retail t, an increase of 602 million yuan in the same year, an increase in new products and an increase in corporate innovation.
The total stock/flow (million shares) is technically well invested.
Inputs from central sources, gtn, data center, refinement of jres 3.0 technical platform, as well as management, retailing, bank line-it products on the 12-month maximum/minimum (mega) line of production are constantly technology iterative and technology-based.
Looking ahead, policies still have a positive impact on companies’ operations. The roll-out has already begun to contribute to the company’s performance, and we believe that the company’s future benefits mainly from two aspects: first, the opening up of domestic and external finance, which can bring new customer growth to the company; and second, sustainability.
Companies are also active in setting up the cloud, and the future deserves sustained attention. Profit forecasting and investment advice: leading firms in corporate domestic finance are now actively reporting the cloud.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report