Healthcare pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences High income profits increased in the first quarter of 20q3 and the momentum of the post-Medical American epidemic grew gradually: companies released three quarterly reports in 2020, yielding $464 million, compared to 17.4 per cent.
(+43.18%) net profit on maternity is 143 million (+55.97%). The increase in income and profit-side accelerations is evident in the first quarter, mainly as a result of the recovery of health-care demand in the post-epidemiology period.
The period was slightly reduced by 0.32 pct, at a higher level of over 92 per cent. q3 single-quarter net interest rate of 63.73 per cent, resulting in a decrease in cost and an increase in operational efficiency. 2001-q3 sales cost of 9.05 per cent, a decrease of 2.61 pct compared to the same period; administrative cost of 5.74 per cent, a decrease of 3.25 pct compared to the same period; and research and development
The cost side represents an increase in operating efficiency and a scale effect, which is expected to continue throughout the year. The 2001-03 operating cash flow is $259 million (+20.5%), the cash flow is stable, the quality of the industry, the quality of the track, and the quality of the company. The market for medical beauty is a global increase.
One of the fastest medical and American markets: economic development, growth in disposable income, purchasing power and low penetration base provide room for growth in the future. And in the larger US industry as a whole, the non-surgery category is small.
Orthopaedic is still in high development and expansion, with higher market acceptance and repurchase rates as one of the best lanes, compared to surgical orthopaedic, non-injective micromedical beauty, with relatively low recovery times, prices and risks.
Soft tissue restores materials for many years, and is expected to enjoy the high competitive barriers of R&D power + industry growth + long dividends + demand for product replacements. The core exclusive high-products provide a high-growth dynamic, and products like Bonida have a high industry profile, and companies are working on product abundance, needles, bottox, etc.
All are at the forefront of the market, and the future corporate product matrix is expected to be further enriched, raising the growth ceiling. The epidemic has repeatedly affected consumption, and new products have not been developed as expected.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.