Medical Health Research Centre q3 accelerated growth with a high profile in the U.S.-based urinary acid industry. 2020q3 achieved $223 million in revenues, an increase of 43.2 per cent compared to the previous year; net return to the mother was $143 million.
Corporate financial indicators have remained stable overall and sales and management costs have fallen down.q3.
The dollar (at the beginning of the year, $15 million) is mainly due to an increase in sales. q3 net cash flows from operating activities, $143 million (+48.5%), equal to the net profit from the parent, and cash flows maintain a healthy level.
The core drivers. Hives fill the void in the area of neck-stamp restoration, and, after nearly two years of market breeding, security and effectiveness are now recognized by a growing number of institutions, with strong market demand. In June this year, the company launched the Hive Upgrading product, the Hive Panda Panda needle, which is mainly used to de-integrate black-eyes, and the market echoes well.
The company is the leader in the national production of the end product, and has formed a different product layout for the "5+1" product. It is expected to become a leader in the future in injecting the entire product line.
In addition, clinical progress in the production of botox products in cooperation with the Korean huons is well under way. In the future, companies are expected to develop botulinum acid.
We maintain a profit forecast that the company’s net return profit is expected to be $401 million in 2020-2022, and that increased competition in the market for boulina products has led to the risk of a decline in net interest rates: the impact of the epidemic on downstream demand could not be expected.
Period: product diffusion is not as fast as expected: product R & D and registration is not as fast as expected: risk of change in tax preferences, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged final rating, as average market investment