Lilalupi Clinical Trials were approved, and LLAVL was obtained 16 November 2020  Event: 16 November 2020, company announcement, subsidiary chronic weight management organisms similar
The product will be developed based on biologically similar drugs, first used for blood sugar control among adult diabetic type 2 patients, and then based on the original study, which has been developed abroad but has not yet been approved for new adaptive (weight reduction) conditions in the country.
Lilalupe is a congener of recombinant insulin glucose samples-1 (glp-1) with good sugar and weight reduction effects. Lilalupe is an original study of No and Nord, mainly for diabetes mellitus and obesity, and has improved cardiovascular effects. It was approved by fda in 2010 for the treatment of type 2 sugar urine.
In December 2017, the adult non-diabetes obesity patients reduced their weight by at least 10% after daily injection of Somalu. In November 2017, Noor and Nord announced the start of the iii phase of the somalutin for the application of dietary disorders.
Clinical research, hoping that Somalupe will lose at least 15% of his weight on average.  The country’s thin fibre market is huge, and the prospects for dietary and weight-reduction drugs are wide: the country’s obesity and overweight rates are rising rapidly, according to the National Plan of Action and the National Survey of Nutritional Health of the Population, 1992-2015
Year after year, the national overweight rate for adults aged 18 and over rose from 13% to 30%, and the obesity rate from 3% to 12%. According to data from the Willows Medical Journal in 2016, China has the highest number of obese people in the world.
Emmett’s 51% stake in Norbot organisms is expected to add new growth points in the area of weight reduction. In November 2016, the company set up a holding company, the Norbots, to restructure insulin high blood sugar.
For the research and development of products such as pyridium-1 (glp-1) analogues, the requested clinical adaptive condition is chronic weight management. For the initial body weight index (bmi) of 30 kg/m2 and above, or bmi of 27kg/m2 and above, with at least one weight-related complication, for example.
Adults with high blood pressure, type ii diabetes, or high fatemia. Senior consultant at the Numerical Disease Research Center, subsidiary Nobot, and others, have extensive experience in the diabetes biopharmaceutical industry. According to the Department of Public Education, the research and development project has a construction cycle of 76 months.
One of the main projects in the field of paramedical beauty is also an important business direction for the company in planning the strategic layout of the project, which is expected to become a new growth point for the company in the future if Lyla Lupe is successfully placed on the market. 1, Emmett (300896); q3
The strategic layout of the Division is thin, and it is expected to add a new growth point. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. 2, Emmett (300896).
Future dates 2020-10-22 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board