Lilalu Pin has been approved for clinical trials, weight management adaptation is the bright spot, and Lila Ru Pin Injection Project, a company-owned subsidiary, Nobot, was acquired on November 13th.
This product, developed on the basis of biologically similar drugs, should be used first for blood sugar control among adult diabetic patients, and then for clinical development on the basis of the original research that has been developed abroad but has not yet been approved for new adaptive (reduced) conditions in the country.
The clinical adaptation of the project is chronic weight management, targeting a large target client group and a wide market space. According to the Global Adult Weight Survey, published in Willows, 2016, China 1. q3.
About 89.6 million people are obese, the highest in the world. The Lilalu Injection Project applied for clinically high-situation-Emerica tri-quarterly review. The condition is chronic weight management, applicable to the initial body weight index (bmi) of 30 kg/m2 and above (fat).
2. “Medical tubes of bovine urinary acid, developing and marketing adult patients with high blood pressure, migraine diabetes or hemorrhagic disorders.
High Growth-Emergency Research, approved and expected to have good market prospects. The company's genetic restructuring of the protein research and development base was built to raise funds for a projected post-partum capacity of 113.57 million units per year to better meet market demand.
There are no available glp-1 drugs approved for weight management adaptive treatment in the country, which is expected to compete differently. Taking into account research and development of the same kind of drugs abroad, Leila Lupe, developed by Noor and Nord, was first approved by fda in 2010 for listing Noor and Nord Somalupe, whose clinical studies for obesity treatment are the same.
There are currently several glp-1 receptor agonists on the market, but they are mainly operated by pharmaceutical companies, which focus on diabetes treatment, and are still in the process of clinical research and exploration in the area of weight management.
The advantage of extension capacity is that a future company’s variety of successful clinically approved listings can be expected to compete differently and further expand the scope for company growth. Research and development of varieties does not meet the expected risks: increased competition in the market for boulic acid products leads to a risk of a fall in net interest rate: the impact of the epidemic.
Recovering downstream demand less than expected; product diffusion less than expected; analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market; then averaged the final rating as average market investment