q3 revenue continues to grow at an accelerated pace, with optimized cost rates leading to higher profit margins 28 October 2020 Events: 3-quarter reports by companies in 2020, with revenues of $464 million in the first three quarters of 20 years, an increase of 17.4 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $290 million, an increase in the same year
Emmett (300896.sz) has benefited from a three-quarter acceleration in income growth from downstream customer recovery and high-growth growth. The company achieved revenues of 80 million yuan/160 million/200 million yuan each in the first three quarters of the first 20 years, a year-on-year increase of -20 per cent/+16 per cent/+43 per cent, while 20q3 income has continued to grow at an accelerated rate, mainly as a result of: 1) downstream clients have been recovering since April this year.
At the same time, the company’s contractual liability as at 20q3 was $14 million, an increase of 37 per cent over the 20q2 ring, which predicts that the company’s product’s end demand remains high. The sales management cost rate continues to be optimized in size, and the profit rate continues to rise in the third quarter. The company’s Māori rate was 91.5 per cent in the first three quarters of 20 years, down from the same period last year.
\triangleright: 2.4 pct/2.6 pct. 3 quarters continues to enjoy the impact of rapid product growth on scale and the cost rate continues to optimize.
The net profit is $143 million, an increase of 56.0%. Mailbox: liyuanyuan1@cindasc.com does not change the profile of the American industry, and the company’s existing product lines are growing fast and its rich project reserves are supporting high growth.
\triangleright has six times more room to upgrade than in developed markets like Korea, where the track can maintain a high profile for more than 10 years; and where upstream manufacturers have a strict process of market entry with a more competitive pattern and profit level.
The scope of application has been enriched to raise the single ceiling, which is expected to become one billion-grade in the future. In addition, the company's reserves include a modifier sodium ecstasy-transparent acid project, meat poison, Amer (300896.sz): medical dragon head poles, in the form of the Eastern Toxics Project, the Injection Reorganization Protein Project, which helps to break the future growth ceiling.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies benefit from end-flow recovery and high-growth products such as Hives, which drive income growth to accelerate and profit \triangleright rates continue to rise; future growth is achievable, taking into account high industry growth and company-rich project reserves.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Annual share of ps 3.35/$5.01/7.15 per year, with an increase in the risk factor based on the corresponding valuation of the collection price on 27 October of 146 times, 98 times and 69 times, respectively: less than expected end demand for sodium injecting transparent acid products; less than expected progress on projects such as botulinum toxin, medical polyrocytic acid; \triangleright for downstream customers
Li Xing, a Master of Financial Sciences from the University of Gangan, three years of research experience in the consumer goods industry, joined the Sunda securities industry in 2020 to study the textile light industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sunda securities”) holds the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sunda securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.