On October 27, 2020, the company announced a three-quarter collection in the first three quarters of 2020.
In the wake of the epidemic, the US medical system has grown brightly in the first quarter of the year q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q2 q3 q3 q3 q0 = 43.18 % = 43.18 % = net return profit of the mother = 143 million = 55.97 % = increase in the first half of the year = 0.72 % increase and net return at the end of the first half of the year.
The profit ends increase by 14.59%, and the q3 quarter lift accelerates. As the epidemic dissipates, the demand for medicine is recovering rapidly, and it is expected that a small outbreak will occur, adding to the peaks of the celebration and anniversary celebrations of the major medical institutions in the second half of the year, and the service providers are actively promoting their products and projects.
Once a product has been approved for use in neck strips, there is a strong market demand and is in rapid release period, and it is expected that it will continue to grow at a high rate; the rest of the urinary acid series meets medium-to-high demand and the price system is well maintained; and the research of mammoth needles and bottox is expected to continue to boost performance.
Cost controls have been effective, net interest rates have increased significantly, with a Māori sales rate of 69.41 per cent (+5.73 pct) in the previous three quarters, good corporate cost-side controls, sales fees (-0.69 pct) and increased profitability, with a net interest rate of 62.53 per cent in the previous three quarters of the company.
The company focuses on medical beauty, clear product orientation, differentiated competition, product penetration, channel coverage.
There is still much room for improvement. As companies grow up in volume, new products are found, and business efficiency gains are being made, there is a trend toward full product lines and market differentiation of products, giving them an “enhancement” rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.