The new industry has led to growth in the first half of the year, and the main advantage of the rails is that China’s Chinese vehicle (601766.sh) has remained the same.
In the second quarter, the company achieved operating income of RMB 54,925 million, or 8.44 per cent, and the return net profit of RMB 2,845 million, a decline of 2.27 per cent.
For the year, the company’s growth in operating income was mainly based on railway equipment and new industry operations. The company achieved $28,563 million (+13.99%) in railway equipment operations, mainly by moving cars.
The growth was driven by income from group operations, of which $9,480 million was earned from motor vehicle operations, $1,263 million from passenger vehicles, $13,733 million from motor vehicle operations and $4,087 million from truck operations, and $19,052 million (-12.65 per cent) from urban and urban infrastructure operations.
As a result of the decline in urban track vehicle revenues, the first half of the year saw an income of $14,930 million for urban track vehicles, and business in the new industry generated an operating income of $36,848 million (+21.03 per cent), mainly driven by an increase in revenue from energy storage equipment and common spare parts.
At a level of $135.57 billion, of which $30.8 billion has been signed overseas, we believe that companies will continue to maintain market leadership in the new industrial competition, with fixed capital investments on a good scale and trade-overs on a relatively high scale.
According to Ministry of Transport data, the total value of fixed assets invested in the first half of the year was $30.49 billion, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period.
The human kilometre, with an increase of 126.4% in the same year, has also increased the aggregate volume of freight shipments and the volume of freight turnover over the same period of the previous year. By statistical calibre, the country’s transhipment industry has recovered steadily, remained high in the second quarter, and is expected to continue with the active flow of goods.
The relative depth of 300 performance is expected to benefit from the overall industrial climate as a global leader, well-developed, technologically high-quality equipment supplier, with positive year-round performance and long-term stability.
Following the construction of modern integrated transport systems, a new pattern of high-quality development is being created. As the strategy of expanding domestic demand is gradually being implemented, the construction of modern integrated transport systems is accelerating and the demand for trajectories is diversifying.
With regard to the post-market sector, companies have continued to deepen their strategic cooperation with key clients, such as the National Iron Group, and have continued to work closely with the international community.
Incorporation into the country’s iron-renovation reform, making full use of the advantages of integration of construction, repair, and services, deepening the farming, overhauling of the post-service market, and accelerating the improvement and upgrading of the capacity of railway equipment products throughout their life cycle. Investment proposal: taking into account the company’s leading position in the on-orbit equipment industry and the current industry landscape
This report is presented independently, objectively and with due diligence. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report's specific recommendations or views.
London School of Political and Economics, Master of Economics, eight years in Securities, served as a member of the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. Master of Arts, University of New Wealth, 2016; Bachelor of Arts, University of Harbin Industries, 2018; member of the Galaxy Securities Institute.