On January 13, the company announced that its national pharmaceutical group, Wuhan Blood, had received a single blood-promotion station.
The slurry station is expected to contribute to the new slurry increase. The slurry station was approved by a decision of the Board of Directors of the Department in August 2020 and agreed to be set up at a full cost of $25 million from the Wuhan blood system.
1. " Year-round performance meets expectations and budget lines are successfully completed. " According to Ishigang City ' s 7th National Census Bulletin, Ishigang City has a resident population of 474,000.
2. "A steady growth in performance, new slurry stations continue to break through -- a major breakthrough in the number of stations, with 15 new slurry planned in Hubei, Gansu, Hebei, Jiangsu, etc.
3. The number of single plasma stations (including those that have been built) reached 74 (including those that have not been built) as a result of the expansion and acceleration of the magma station. 55 single plasma stations (including substations) registered a significant increase compared to 2020, followed by a subsequent increase in the number of single plasma stations operated by the company.
4. " Domestic blood products, scarce and certain high-precision slurry stations are gradually operating, and the company’s forward slurry space is to be expected. Capacity-building is to be advanced and slurry capacity is to be effectively secured.
By the end of November 2021, the company Young-Aun base project had completed its pilot production and was under review by the national regulatory authority. According to the semi-annual report of 2021, Shanghai's blood-fed Yunnan project showed progress.
The installation of the managers of the integrated workshops, separation workshops, etc., has been largely completed, and work has begun on the outdoor master-level work, the overhaul of the office buildings, and the Land Blood Production Base project, which completes the bidding process for surveying, design, and supervision. As production capacity progresses, it is expected that the volume of slurry generated by the company’s new slurry station will be smoothed.
• Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Zhao Bowoo slurry station is not expanding as expected; new open slurry station leads to an increase in capital expenditure and depreciation amortization; and build-up of capacity
Less than expected; industry policy risks; recurrent outbreaks; risk of release of stock restrictions, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment