On February 28, the company issued an announcement on the resolution of the sixteenth meeting of the eighth Board of Directors, which considered the adoption of Guizhou.
The announcement shows that the company’s Guizhou blood system has set up four slurry stations in Ejiang, Fenggang, Le Ping, Rhodes, Wuhan blood system, and two in Yoo-Sung and Hung Lake.
In 2021, the Ministry planned to build 15 new slurry stations in the regions of Hubei, Gansu, Hebei and Jiangsu.
The company ' s new slurry station continues to make significant progress and the logic of future growth is clear.
City. Recently, the company's Wuhan blood system, “Singing covid-19 immunoglobin” (ph4), completed its clinical ethics review, clinical medicine clearance, pre-clinical grouping, etc., in 3. Steady performance growth, new magma stations are breaking down -
The United Arab Emirates conducts a ii clinical trial, which is currently not listed in the country and abroad. The company notes that covid-19 immunoglobin (ph4) was approved in September and October 21 for both the U.S. and U.S.
In the United Arab Emirates, the clinical trial batch, which is currently available for emergency use under the WHA ' s Program for the Treatment of Pneumonia with New Crown Virus Infections, is expected to contribute to the prevention and control of the epidemic in the future as clinical trials progress. (There is a high degree of scarcity and certainty of blood products in the country.)
Injecting human immunoglobin (injection fluid) is entering the clinical ii period, and no products are available in the country.
Research, pre-clinical preparation, formalization of the ii clinical trials, hypodermic human immunoglobin (injection fluid) adaptations, including primary immuno-deficiency (pid), common mutant immuno-deficiency, immuno-proteg sub-deficiency, etc., are not currently marketed in the country.
It is hoped that the domestic market will be filled in the future if clinical trials and listings progress well. Zhao Bowoo’s magma station will not expand as expected; the new magma station will lead to increased capital spending and depreciation amortization; and the build-up of capacity.
Less than expected; industry policy risks; recurrent outbreaks; risk of release of stock restrictions, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment