The Medical Health Research Centre (MHRC) is performing as expected throughout the year, successfully meeting budget targets throughout the year, with rapid growth in four quarters. In 2021, sales were increased and companies were owned.
1. The firm ' s performance has grown robustly, as a result of factors such as a steady growth in performance, the break-out of new slurry stations - the Chengdu Replenishment. According to the company ' s financial budget report for 2021, the company ' s main business objective for 2021 is to reach $3.8 billion in operating income.
2. " Slurry station expansion accelerates, growing space continues to grow, and net profits are expected to reach 1 billion yuan.
The company's 14th magma station has made a major breakthrough, with a solid long-term growth base. In 2021, the Ministry made a major breakthrough in the number of new extended magma stations, 15 of which are planned in Hubei, Gansu, Hebei, Jiangsu, etc., and 74 of which have single-plastic plasma stations (including substations approved).
By 2020, the company had achieved a significant increase in the number of single plasma stations (including substations), and as the follow-on slurry stations gradually became operational, the company’s forward slurry space was expected to continue to grow in terms of production pipelines, and the ton of slurry was expected to continue to increase in profitability.
The iii phase of clinical trials and the results of clinical trials have been completed and obtained in the Lanzhou blood system, the human condensation blood enzyme complex, the Wuhan blood system, the "static covid-19 "
Immunoglobin (ph4) has obtained clinical trials for drugs issued by Nmpa and the United Arab Emirates, respectively, and the continued increase in product line abundance in the future will effectively drive the growth of company ton magma.
The slurry station has not expanded as expected; the new slurry station has led to an increase in capital expenditure and depreciation amortization; the build-up of capacity has not progressed as expected; industry policy risks; recurrent outbreaks; and the risk of stock-restriction.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment