Sealight Information: National Production Calculators, cpu+dcu Double-wheel drive Investment Rating: Purchase (first time) • Sealight Information: The Company's main product: General Processor (cpu)+Accessor (dcu)
Common processor (cpu) products have strong performance, product lines are rich, compatible with the X86 command set, and have significant ecological advantages. The company ' s cpu products have built multiple processor cores, integrated into a common high-performance extraneous interface, and have well-developed hardware and software environments and well-developed system safety mechanisms.
Application landscape requirements for technical indicators such as high-end processors ' computing performance, functionality, power consumption, etc., providing a range of 7000, 5,000 and 3,000 products, respectively, of which the series of 7000 and 5000 are mainly used on servers, and the series of 3,000 are used mainly for work.
Stations and margin computing servers. The company ' s cpu product has now evolved to the third generation (Sealight III), and its performance has improved significantly. Sealight III is the company ' s main saleser in 2023, with a firm price compared to 300 deep.
Research and development has continued to be carried out on the Sealight IV and V. At the same time, the Compatibility of the Company’s cpu Series X86 Directives and the International Mainstream Operating Systems and Applications, which are ecologically rich in software and hardware, have been widely applied in important industries or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, transport, etc.
The co-processor (dcu) product is compatible with the “cuda” environment and has a wide range of applications.
Now the company's dcu product is 8,000 series, the first generation of the 8,000 series in the first half of the 23rd year.
Compatibility of rocmgpu computing ecology, better adapted to the international mainstream commercial computing software and artificial intelligence software, which can be widely applied to computing-intensive categories such as large data processing, ai, commercial computing, etc. Fields of application, mainly deployed in server clusters or data centres.
• National cpu markets are wide-ranging, “introduction” or “autonomous” in line with national circumstances. The country attaches great importance to information technology and industrial development, and autonomous control of cpu is the core chip. cpu is the core chip of the computer, and if the design process is not self-controllable, it is highly likely to be implanted into the system.
In the early stages of the country's production of cpu, the offshore cpu enterprises packaged the cpu into an “autonomous cpu” model, hoping to open up larger markets such as the party's informatization applications.
In the wake of the Prism Gate, the Mid-Engine Event, our country's total autonomous demand for cpu, and, in order to overcome its long-standing cpu-based problem of human necks, through the 863 Project and major nuclear high-level support, has developed a cpu-owned design and the introduction of designs.
Two patterns. Currently imported and improved cpu manufacturers are mainstreamed, such as X86 mounds, crowds, magnifications, arms, arms, alph's Shinwi, Powerpc's macros, and currently fully autonomous intellectual property and industrialized national production structures only have a middle cologne core.
• The continuous accumulation of critical technologies by sealight, client coverage of head server manufacturers, and extensive cooperation with key national companies/numbers, according to the Centre
Since 2018, the products of waves, conjectures, Xinhua III, co-owners and other well-known servers in the country have been loaded with sealight cpu chips. In terms of specific industries, a large number of financial institutions have adopted the sealight program, and products have received a large number of financial instruments that are representative of the behaviour of the five major countries.
Institutional accreditation; in the area of communications, sealight cpu products are heavily integrated into the three core application areas of operational int cloud, core network, public cloud, etc. In the area of government, thanks to the advantages of high performance and good ecology, the core operational systems of a number of ministries use sealight technology routes, and sealight products are also used
• Sealight has triple advantages, including ecological advantages, performance advantages, safety advantages, and ecological advantages, and companies are widely recognized by the mainstream servers in the country, including waves.
In terms of performance advantages, the company's products were released in the same time as intel.
In terms of security advantages, the sealight has source code, built-in safety processors, which support credible calculations. Full-scale safety protection, nationalization and ownership address subjective back-door problems and technologically significantly enhance security defense capabilities.
The technology is not as full as expected, the demand for the ai and the overcalculation is not as high as expected, the production capacity of the products in question is limited and the procurement of the universal computing server is reduced.
1.1 Development history of G-national high-end processors leading the enterprise The company, as the leading high-end processor in the country, has developed since its inception a number of high-end processor products to meet the country's information development, a well-developed high-end processor research and development environment and processes, and product performance
The main products include high-end generic processors (cpu) and co-processors (dcu). A series of high-end processor products launched by the Division have been widely applied to data centres in various industries, such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, and in the areas of large data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing.
In keeping with the strategy of “sale generation, validate generation, develop generation” product research and development, Sealight cpu evolution: the product design of Sealight 1 cpu was launched in March 2016 on the basis of anmd-authorized technology: Sealight 1 achieved production in April 2018: July 2017, the company
Optimization of core microstructure on the basis of Hai Xia I, enhancement of core and safe application performance of processors, design optimization of core and film network microstructures on the basis of Hai Xia II cpu, design of new process nodes, initiation of research and development of third generation cpu product Hai Xin III, 2022
In October 2023, the company launched its research and development work on the fourth generation of the cpu product, Sealight IV, and released the sealight evolution of the sealight dcu: the company launched the design of the deep-counting duc product in October 2018 and commercialized it by the end of 2021: the company launched the second generation of the dcu product code II in January 2020.
R & D work, published in November 2023. Chart 1 The history of research and development of the main products of Sealight Information Inc. 1.2 The main products of the company are the general processor cpu and co-processor dcu
The high-end processors, as core components of modern information system equipment, play an irreplaceable role in large-scale data processing, complex commissioning and logical operation. Depending on the field of application, technical routes and product characteristics, the high-end processors are divided into sealight cpu and sealight dcu products.
Sealight cpu: Sealight cpu is primarily oriented towards the need for generic processor applications such as complex logical calculations, multi-task dispatches, combined with the international mainstream x86 processor architecture and technical routes, with excellent system architecture, high reliability and high safety
There are advantages, such as sex, rich hardware, and ecology. Sealight cpu upgrades by intergenerational, with each intergenerational product broken down into a series of 7000 products, 5,000 products and 3,000 products, according to the technical indicators of performance, functionality and power consumption of high-end processors from different application scenarios.
Sealightcpu, which has a wide range of generic and industrial ecology in national processors, has been used on a large scale in such areas as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, transportation, industrial design, graphic image processing. Sealightcpu supports both high-end servers for data centres, cloud computing, etc., as well as government-oriented, business-oriented servers.
Mid- and low-end servers, as well as workstations and margin computing servers, in the context of information-based construction in the field of education.
Like cpu, the sea light dcu upgrades by intergenerational pattern, with each intergenerational product divided into 8,000 series models. The sea light 8000 series has full accuracy floating point data and a variety of common intuitive data computing capabilities that fully exploit the parallelity of applications.
Rapid development of energy-efficient applications with the capacity to maximize large-scale parallel computing. Sealightdcu is deployed mainly in server clusters or data centres to provide high performance, energy efficiency and arithmetic for applications, supporting high-complexity and high-absorption data-processing tasks.
In an intergenerational context, sealight dcu can support full-precision model training to achieve the full application of large models represented by llama, gpt, bloom,chatglm, missionary, Yorkung, etc., which are fully compatible with large models in the country, including rhetoric, and reach national leadership levels.
Figure 3 Sealight Information Company operating income of 2020-2024q1 (millions of dollars) 1.3 Clients cover head server manufacturers and major company/data centres.
The main customers of HYDRA (server customers + downstream customers) in the data centre class of telecommunications operators were obtained from customers in the field of energy chemistry in China, such as oil and petrochemicals, which were loaded with sealight cpu chips and successfully applied to customers in the financial sector, such as business banks and Chinese banks.
The technology of the company is growing.
The company developed safe and controlled sea light cpu and sea light dcu products.
The company has taken the lead in completing a successful stream of high-end generic processors and co-processors products in the country and has achieved commercial applications.
In addition to sealight cpu, the main foreign manufacturers of cpu are intel, amd, and domestic cpu are mainly Heath, dragon core, magnified core, fly totem, Shinway. Chart 8 corresponds to the product advantage of information technology capabilities of sealight.
The command set is an important factor in the application area of the processor. Some product parameters under the different command set structures, such as core numbers, ultra-lineal ranges, have different degrees of impact on product performance and are only indicative. Normally, the processor cores have a greater number of cores, which limit the enhancement of the main frequency while increasing performance; memory channels, memory main frequency, pcie
As the processor i/o performance is directly affected by parameters such as tunnels, and is also an indicator of processor materiality. Because the processor product of Intel is dominant in the market, the company distinguishes product location from the label intel. The company calls the 7,000-series chip for critical tasks and data centre critical applications high.
The end chip, which calls the 3,000-series chip for the peripheral computing server, the workstation application, the low-end or the workstation chip, and the 5,000-point chip for other mid-end or lower-end application scenarios, the middle-end chip.
The following table compares the classification of the company ' s chip product with the intel chip product: The company selected the Inel series of six items (same as the 7285 Sealight) released in 2020 (which can reflect Inel 2020) through the integrated comparison processor ' s market positioning, core quantity, and price of the product sold, among other things:
Performance level of the main cpu product published, performance comparison with sealight 7285 (using International Standardized Test Program speccpu2017 test data) Figure 10 Sealight Information Products and International Competing
Test results. Therefore, the results of the intel processor 4 path test are converted to the results of the double-circuit test, compared to the sealight 7285. Based on the results of the four-circuit test and the results of the double-circuit test of the intel 8253, intel 6252, intel 6248 and intel 6240 processors released by the Intel in the second quarter of 2019, the results of the four-track test results are approximately two times the results of the double-circuit test (1.97-2.01 times).
By contrast, the results of the double-circuit tests can be converted using the results of the four-circuit tests. The sealight dcu series was commercialized in 2021.
Compared with the high-end gpu product (model a100) and the high-end gpu product (model mi100) of Emd, the company has calculated that, in a typical application scenario, indicator 1 has reached the international level of high-end products of the same type. Sealight dcu will be widely applied to large numbers in the future.
Corporate investment in cpu and dcu chip technology, company structure design, core microstructure validation of processors, processor security structure, processor ip development, processor detectability and debugging
The core technologies of design, processor physical design, processor advanced encapsulation design, processor testing, processor basic software design, and processor eco-optimization of processor eco-software continue to be developed, optimized, and enhance the performance of the company’s products. On the other hand, the sealightcpu is immune to melting holes, while the phantom and side-configuration holes are defended by effective hardware and software techniques that can be provided.
The company has a high-level custom-designed circuit design platform, a well-developed design process and design methodology, a mature custom-made and semi-custody circuit development capability. It has a custom-made standard modules library, a memory compiler, various generic interfaces (gp10), kernel high-speed caches, high density.
vcachesram, high performance digital ball clocks, video simulations and digital power sources, simulations and digital temperature measurements of key ips. High bandwidth, low power, low delay core particle interfaces are developed, and advanced ips such as standard encapsulation and interposer are supported.
Encapsulation interconnectivity, which has resulted in a reorganization of the structure of the processor system at the chip level. By simulation and full-digit low-pressure differential linear stabilizer set-up under process nodes, metering techniques, energy-efficient processor power supply technology, independent control of individual single-nuclear voltage by processors, combined with self-adaptation of voltage and frequency, dynamic regulation of voltage, reduced processor power consumption. By optimizing performance, area and power usage of custom standard units, memory compilers, and compaction.
Small processor size has improved processor performance and efficiency ratios. A full set of advanced dft and dfd design processes has been established. Dft is based on top-down design concepts, using a test access mechanism that combines distribution and multiple path selections, divides top-level test tasks based on the results of the modular level assessment, completes the mapping of top-level test protocol files and generates jump-time delays
Design options such as built-in self-testing for specific pip and embedded storage structures. For advanced encapsulations, targeted chip testing mechanisms are in place to guarantee efficient test coverage and diagnosis. dft over-swipe test coverage, secure good product screening in chip production, quick diagnosis of assistive process problems. dfd by inserting debuggered special circuits.
In addition, the company developed software and hardware debugging tools, including field analysis tools, in-house signal observation tools, jtag debugging tools, and configurations, for post-silicon microchips.
A well-developed physical design process that supports mainstream processes in industry and a signature standard validation process that adapts to different product and process needs has been put in place to achieve a rapid conversion of different processes. The design process platform covers the full process from logical integration, physical design, physical validation to signature approval. The process supports the standard trade module library, which combines customized high-speed units to achieve rapid convergence in high-performance design. The top-level physical design process supports multi-level design and multi-layer design.
Sub-module reuse, which supports the reuse of modules through wires and bus flow lines, applies to different designs and effectively improves the efficiency of the design of super-large-scale integrated objects. Self-researched clock grid design, wiring and analysis support high-end chip clock grid design in parallel with other physical design tasks
Conduct. The self-approval design process can analyse and derive the appropriate time series, pressure, and temperature signature standards, for example, for different design models, processes, voltage, temperature. The nuclear technology supports dynamic working voltage and frequency changes in the chip to adapt to different performances and saves effort. It supports self-adaptation to work voltage changes to ensure that different process deviations have the best working voltage. The physical design process can be adapted to state-of-the-art.
, complete the layout of the cross-chip, power source and clock network deployment, data circuit analysis for timely sequence and pressure down, etc., for validation. The company has multiple chip interconnectivity, base plate design, encapsulation/thermal/mixing, large-sized multilayer design, bumping, high processing technology
Advanced encapsulation and heat evaporation techniques have developed a whole range of containment solutions.
The processor testing system covering crystal circle tests, wrapping tests, finals and system-level tests has been established, guaranteeing sea light cpu and dcu tests.
In the case of crystal circle tests, the development and production of crystal circle mass and sex can be judged by using crystal circle test data in low-temperature and high-temperature environments to model and fine-tune the chip. In the case of seal tests, optimize the product by combining the characteristics parameters of the crystal circle tests at different temperatures, optimizing the voltage, etc.
In terms of reliability, self-built research and development of an ageing test system, self-control of reliability tests, continuous improvement of problem resolution capabilities, and further improvement of product reliability. A set of software and hardware integrated processor basic solidware design and validation methods has been developed to achieve the functionality, performance, and stability of the solids.
Solidware is responsible for the configuration, management and maintenance of the ip integrated by the processor, thereby simplifying the soc architecture and increasing the speed of cpu and dcu product development. Sealight processors use secure start-up technology to ensure the safety of loading into the cpu and dcu internal running solids. On microcoding, companies are autonomous in designing and defining the microcoded command set and functionality to form microcode programs, microcode compilers, microcode patches, microcode-specific hardware and microcode verification.
A microcoded system of sea light processors, such as the environment, supported microcode compilation and debugging, advanced language programming, achieved microcode safety loading and validation machines, analysed and optimized the extensive use of mathematical databases such as dense and thinlineal algebra, fast Fourier switching, resulting in a wide range of coverage, sex, and ecological softness.
High-performance, high-efficiency mathematical libraries, with technology such as multinuclear parallelization, self-adaptation storage management and command-based adaptation optimization techniques. Cache life chances and process performance are constantly increased by optimizing the layout of the structure, recycling optimization and reducing the number of dynamic commands. 1.5 Core technical teams have a wealth of semiconductor industry experience and shareholder support.
The company’s core technical team has a great deal of semiconductor industry experience. The company’s core technical staff have a great deal of experience in research and development design from the International Large Factory/China Research and Development Centre. Liu Xinchun’s current deputy director-general, the company’s core technical staff, was in the middle of Chinese research and development from January 2009 to February 2016.
From June 2012 to September 2017, Pan was the senior manager of the chip design at the end of the year and is now the company ' s deputy director-general and the company ' s core technician.
China’s share share is 27.96%. China’s share is dependent on the Chinese Academy’s calculations or is able to provide business support to companies.
Figure 14 Shareholders and Holdings of Sealight Information Company (as of August 2024) 2 Overview of the Broad Cpu Market: 2.1cpu Market Overview: pc, server markets, x 86, arm
cpu can be applied to different devices such as servers, workstations, personal computers (desktops, laptops), mobile end-ends and embedded devices, and there are differences in their structure, functionality, performance, reliability, energy efficiency ratios, etc. depending on the field of application.
The server has high-speed data-processing capabilities, strong i/o data-absorption capabilities, good scalability, and requires long and reliable operation, and its cpu chip is more demanding in terms of performance, reliability, scalability and maintenance. Therefore, the server processor is the most capable of data-processing, the most complex and reliable design process.
The application areas of the server include real-time analysis, 5g applications, artificial intelligence, machine learning, finance, big data, and cloud computing. Workstations are high-end microcomputers that provide more powerful performances for single users than individual computers.
The typical applications of workstations include science and engineering computing, software development, computer-assisted design, etc. Personal computers include two main categories: desktops and laptops, which are used primarily to satisfy personal work, learning, etc.
The core number of personal computer processors is small, with fewer mobile terminals including mobile phones, notebooks, tablets, poss, etc. As integrated circuit technology advances and mobile networks move to broadband, mobile terminals are gradually moving from simple to integrated information processing.
. The mobile terminal processor is low-power, light-quantifiable, concerned with the enhancement of multimedia functions, requires higher stability and low-power consumption for more embedded equipment, and is adaptable to the environment (e.g. temperature, humidity, electromagnetic field, vibration, etc.), small in size and high integration for industrial control, mobile portable equipment, etc.
Over the years, several Ric structures have proposed attempts to destabilize x86, and the mainstream Ric structures are now mainly arm and arm-risc-v. Cisccpu (complex set of instructions) is represented by x86, as a result of a forward compatible design approach.
Slightly, the command function is complex, varied, and the internal design of the chip is relatively complex. With a very rigorous licensing strategy, only intel and amd are the global mainstream companies in the architecture, and the country’s historically authorized manufacturers have the osmosis of cores, masturbations, sealights, and so forth. The risc-cpu has streamlined many of the “old” and usage frequencies of the cicsc.
Lower commands, simple command set functions, and cpu interior structures are simplified and suitable for high-speed operations. The architecture used for the rsc set includes arm, mips, rsc-v, sparc, powerpc, alpha, etc. But, with the exception of arm, other structures are usually used only in specific settings and have not opened up markets in recent years.
Ric-v is growing rapidly in the field of iot and is expected to replace some of the shares of the arm. The main manufacturers using the arm structure in the country are Heiss, the Ultraviolet Exterior, Rixim, and others with experience in R & D of the products of risc-v.
Intel is the absolute leader of X86 ecology, and amd has taken up a share in recent years. According to Mercury research data, in servers X86cpu, as of 2024q1, intel X86 structures account for 76.4% of the market, while inmd X86 occupies 23.6% of the market; and in the mobile cpu market, intel.
The x86 structure accounts for 80.7 per cent and the X86 of the amd for 19.3 per cent of the market; in the X86 structure of laptops and desktop cpu, 76.1 per cent of the market is occupied by Intel x 86 and 23.9 per cent of the market by the amd x 86; and intelcpu accounts for the majority of the market share, forming a “wintel” technology union.
The basic feature is that the x86 architecture optimizes various software applications, giving the x86 architecture a significant industrial ecology and consistency between the open access to the independent software developers' command set and the application of the platform ' s operating system, significantly lowering the threshold for technology start-up and giving the x86 architecture a distinct advantage over other architectures in terms of maturity of the software and hardware environment.
2.2 The market space for the national product cpu market is wide, the "introductionist" or "autonomous" is appropriate for the country's circumstances, and the market space for the domestic production server and the pc cpu market is wide. The server cpu market, according to idc data, shows that Chinese servers have increased their delivery from 3.19 million in 2019 to 4.49 million in 2023.
The total number of cpus on each server is almost 9%. The x86 processor starts early and has a clear ecological advantage, and the sales of servers applying the x86 processor account for about 90% of all server sales, while the Chinese x86 server is dominated by two-way servers, accounting for 88.8%; single- and 4-way servers together account for over 10%;
The number of servers above 8 is smaller, at less than 1%. The server is assumed to be in a two-way pattern. The product series cpu from cpu is used mainly on mid- and low-end servers, at an average cost of between $5,500 and $7,800. This is how to calculate the national product, cpu, with a total market space of $71.8 billion rmb.
According to data from Canalys, 41.2 million sales were made on the mainland Chinese market in 2023 (excluding flat-board computers). The number of cpus per pc was one. According to the average price of the products of the sealight information, the 3,000 series of cpu was used mainly for workstations at an average cost of $960 ~ 1300.
The size of the cpu market for the national product pc is based on 4.1.2 million shipments in 2023, with one cpu per pc at an average price of $1,000, and the total market size for the national pc is 41.2 billion. The country attaches great importance to information technology and industrial development, and autonomously controlled cpu is the core chip.
The core chip, if not designed to be autonomous, is likely to be embedded in a system gap or back door to detect, affecting the overall performance and security of the computer. In the early stages of the development of the national product cpu, the offshore cpu enterprise packaged the cpu into an “autonomous cpu” model through a joint venture with a domestic enterprise, thereby hoping to open it up.
In the wake of the Prism Gate and the Middle-Emergence event, the need for full national ownership of cpu became even more urgent. The plan and the major nuclear-high-base support have led to the creation of two models for the design and the introduction of the design.
Improved cpu manufacturers are mainstream, such as X86 mounds, crowds, masonry, sealights, arm foiling, walnuts, alph's vine, Powerpc's grand core, and now fully autonomous intellectual property and industrialized national production structures are the only loongarch of the middle cologne core (and early use of mips).
The main manufacturers of the national production x86 structure include mound cores, sealights, incendiary technology, and public interest. On the basis of the md-authorized x86 command system, the capital of the country was the first to develop a cpupkunity 86-2 compatible with the x86 structure, a flow technique, and the via had a long-term intel X86 command set authorization, and, after acquiring the via-x86 structure, a mega-chip was developed.
zx-c,d,e series processors, which have generally reached the level of performance of the mainstream international processor, met the needs of the Party ' s desktop office, and the application of 4k to ultra-high-quality visual and visual entertainment; Sealight Information has received 19 amd patent authorizations and technical support since 2016, based on the amd first-generation zen architecture, with a research and development capacity of 7,000,
The three product lines of 50003,000 can be used as a high-performance processor for data centres and as a mainstream manufacturer of national production arm structures for industry clients, including Flying.
ft2000 et al., ft series cpu positioning high performance servers that have been successfully applied to our high performance computers at the Tianhei I, II and III. Heath has built an ecological industry union based on a series of silicon chips whose server performance is larger than that of the international mainstream, and the chip at the end of pc completes its compatibility with multiple national production operating systems.
In the case of alpha architecture, Shinwe uses the introduction of self-research and actively expands the sw64 command set. For other products, the Great Bluelight supercomputer uses nearly 9,000 sw-1600 pieces, constructed using sw-26010.
And the company is actively planning to develop its own set of sw64 directives, which is expected to become a fully independent intellectual property structure that further meets the country’s need for self-controlled security.
2.3 The server market is wide and x86 ecosystems are more compatible at an early stage, and according to idc data statistics and projections, the global server market grew by 20.1 per cent in 2022 on a year-on-year basis.
At $123.224 billion, the market size is expected to increase marginally to $128,471 million in 2023, specifically, global sales of x86 servers in 2022 amounted to $11,955 million, an increase of 18.8 per cent over the previous year, compared with sales of non-x86 servers, which increased significantly by 32.8 per cent to $12,269 million over the same period.
The growth in the server market slowed, with sales of servers x86 increasing by only 2.3 per cent to $11.955 billion on a year-on-year basis, while sales of servers non-x86 remained at 22.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, reaching $14.984 billion. Server sales will also increase to $23.571 billion.
The non-x86 server maintained a sustained high rate of growth, but the x86 server remained the main stream in the overall server market, with sales accounting for more than 87.5 per cent. Even by 2027, the market share of non-x86 servers was less than 12.5 per cent, compared to 11.66 per cent in 2023, an increase of only 1 percentage point.
3 Sealight Information Future Growth and Competitiveness Analysis 3.1amd Granted Patents to further develop cpu and dcu patents at a price of US$ 46,683,673.5 million as a contribution of md to HYDE.
The transfer process for the 19 patents listed above for financing has been completed and the patents have been registered in the company’s subsidiary name.
The 19 patents financed by figure 23amd for the transfer and pricing of sea light integration involve basic technology for high-end processor design, which can be divided into high-performance low-power circuit structures, voltage oscillators, power protection and pre-positioners, depending on the technical field.
Chart 24amd finances specific applications of patents in subsidiary products, four types of patented technologies, designed multiple depositor stacks and storage arrays with different specifications (size, port number, target frequency, etc.) to ensure circuit reliability.
The power-consuming circuit structure is patented to reduce the size of the circuit. The above-mentioned custom-made circuits have been applied to the sea light processor, increasing the processor core work frequency and reducing the core area of the processor.
A variety of high-frequency clock locks have been designed, with low noise and less shaking. The aforementioned clock source support processor core quickly changes the frequency of the clock depending on the load, increasing the high-precision clock above 10 ghz for the processor soc string bus controller.
Ten foot static circuits have been developed to increase the rate of loss of electrostatic power and reduce the impact of noise on the normal working condition of the circuits, using the plier circuits to reduce the area of the circuits further by using source feedback loops. Sealight processors are all complex soc processors with 10 limits (ten lengths and layouts determining the size of the chips), and smaller 10 tubes of electrostatic protection.
The command data advance module was designed to make full use of high-speed cache missing techniques Statistics to improve the accuracy of data pre-emption and to improve the efficiency of the PV core indexing operations.
Billion yuan, representing a 8.3 per cent increase of 2,097.2 million won in 2022, for the design of the Chengdu Sea light integrated circuit, limited public design, analysis of market demand, definition of product code, development of the ocean light microelectronic processor core under licence agreements, joint product R & D, sea light integration, design phase, primary testing and physical design;
During the production phase, sea light and microelectronics are responsible for fluids, foreign association production, sealing and testing; during the marketing phase, the sea light integration is responsible for the external marketing of joint ventures and the provision of technical support; under the Intel and amd cross-authorization agreement on X86-related intellectual property rights, each party holds a share of 50.00 per cent.
A subsidiary company on board may legally use intellectual property within the scope of the cross-authorization.
Nuclear-related technology of the instrumentor, responsible for the development of nuclear-related technology of the sealight processor.md authorized the integration of the sea light (70% of the company, 30% of the amd) with technology related to the peripherals of the processor x86 and the integration of the sea light in charge of the development of the technology related to the outer edge of the sea light processor, which does not involve intel.
The structure is based on reasonable commercial claims, and after consultation, on the specific R & D, design, production, marketing of the joint venture of figure 26 MSI.
The main division of work between the processes in the ocean light microelectronics and the integration of the sea light 3.2 sea light cpu and dcu products are based on x86 structures and class cuda ecology. The command set is an important interface for computer software and hardware systems, but it is reflected in a set of “rules”, true.
In 2020, according to idc data, the Chinese server market delivered 3,534,000 items, of which X86, or 97.3%, delivered only 95,000 items, or 2.7%.
The x86 set of instructions has the best industrial ecological support, and the vast majority of servers, hardware equipment and software systems that are currently operating and under development are based on or compatible with the x86 set of instructions. In collaboration with the md, the company acquired the core technology of the x86 processor design, enabling it to successfully cross the core technical barrier of the x86 processor.
Entering the X86 processor design area to develop a national X86-structure processor product that meets China’s user needs and features such as “ecology, performance, and security.” The R & D A kit can significantly increase the degree of autonomy of technology. At the same time, it can make the ecological environment of existing industries difficult to support, and the cost of user applications migrating.
At this stage, companies have not chosen the technology. Sealight cpu compatible x86 command set, processor performance parameters are compatible with the same type of mainstream processor product, supporting mainstream operating systems, databases, virtual platforms or cloud computing platforms at home and abroad, and can be effectively compatible.
Millions of pre-existing system software and applications based on the x86 command set, excellent ecosystem features, sealight dcu compatible with the "cuda class" environment, rich in hardware and software, typical applications with performance indicators at the international level for the same type of high-end products. Sealight dcu is mainly oriented towards large data processing, commercial computing, etc.
Fields of intensive applications, and accelerated areas of artificial intelligence, general artificial intelligence, etc. 3.3 Sealight cpu has multiple advantages of safety and credibility, universal compatibility and high performance. Sealight cpu is primarily oriented towards generic processor applications such as complex logic calculations, multitasking schedules, and so on.
International mainstream x86 processor structures and technology routes, with the advantages of advanced processors, excellent systems architecture, rich hardware and software ecology. Moreover, the sealight cpu supports national secret algorithms, expands security algorithm directives, combines security algorithms for accelerated circuits, supports credible calculations, and significantly enhances the safety of high-end processors.
Sealight cpu, defined in terms of different product specifications, needs one or four nudity pieces on a base plate. The interior structure of the nudity is complex, and the main functional modules include the core of the processor (core), the web, and the various interfaces.
Controllers, etc.; in addition to hardware circuits, there are complex program codes (the “microcode system”) incorporated into the nudity film.
5000 series and 3,000 series of sealight. Three series of products have the same technical design source, processor core, etc.
Sealight cpu is used mainly for servers and workstations. The server using sealight cpu is used mainly in areas such as telecommunications operators, finance, the Internet, for example, cloud support systems, bank and securities company queries, trading systems, Internet search, computing services, storage, etc.
Sealight cpu workstations are mainly used for industrial design and applications, graphic image processing, such as vr, ar graphics, and digital twin applications of smart plants. Sealight cpu, in its national processors, has a very wide range of generic and industrial ecology and has been used on a large scale in telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, transportation, etc.
Figure 33 Use of sealight information cpu in servers and workstations and related forms
Sealight cpu servers: main applications and teleports, sealight cpu workstations: main application sites for industry, finance, Internet, for example, telecommunications
Planting and applications, graphic image processing, e.g. vr, ar graphics carrier cloud service pool system supporting cloud operations, rendering scenes, and smart factory digital twin applications.
Banks and securities companies search, trading systems, Internet search, computing services, storage, etc.
Sealight dcu belongs to a gpgpu. Cuda is a common parallel calculation structure introduced by nvidia, which contains instructions for nvidiagpu (isa) and an internal parallel computing engine for gpu. The luminous dcu processor is fully compatible with rocmgpu computing ecology, because rocm and cuda are alive.
The state, programming environment, etc. are highly similar, and cuda users can move quickly to the rocm platform at a lower cost, so the rocm is also known as the class cuda. Therefore, the sealight dccu processor can be better adapted to international mainstream commercial computing software and artificial intelligence software, soft and hardware are ecologically rich and widely available.
Applications applied to computing-intensive applications such as large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing and mainly deployed in service set or data centres to provide high performance, energy efficiency and arithmetic for applications and to support high complexity and ingestion data processing tasks.
The original design of gpu was to improve computer handling of data such as graphics, images, videos, etc., to solve the problem of cpu's inefficiency in processing graphic images. As gpu's performance advantages in parallel calculations gradually emerged and the range of applications in parallel were expanded, gpu gradually splits into two branches, one being
The traditional gpu, which continues to be dedicated to graphic image processing, has built up special operating modules such as video code-decoding acceleration engines, 2d acceleration engines, 3d acceleration engines, image rendering, etc.; the other branch is gpgpu, which serves as the computing protocol processor and increases the dedicated vectors, lengths, matrix operations, etc., in response to the needs of different fields of application
The main functional modules of the wavedcu include the calculation module (cu), the video network, high-speed caches, and all kinds of connections.
Chart 35, basic composition of sea light information dcu product, etc.
Energy-efficient applications. Sealight 8100 uses advanced finfet processes, and performance indicators for typical applications can be at the same international level as for high-end products of the same type.
Sealight product pattern. Sealight 8100 is capable of fully exploiting the parallelity of applications, using its large-scale and computational capabilities to rapidly develop energy-efficient applications. Sealight 8100
Using the advanced finfet process, the typical application site performance indicators can be used to reach the same levels of international high-end products of the same type, and their use is further exploited as the technology of gpgpu and associated eco-environments evolves.
gpgpu has been widely used in commercial computing and large data processing, such as weather forecasting, industrial design, genetic engineering, drug discovery, financial engineering, etc. In the area of artificial intelligence, using gpgpu to run model algorithms on cloud ends can significantly reduce the length of training in big training data and energy consumption, thereby further reducing the application of artificial intelligence.
Ben. At the same time, gpgpu can provide a well-developed software ecosystem that facilitates the transplantation of existing applications and the development of new algorithms, so the global AI-related processor solution is still dominated by gpgpu. As a result, gpgpu is the leading co-processor solution in the area of artificial intelligence, accounting for more than 90% of the market for artificial intelligence.
Well, there is a wide market space in areas such as smart factories, unmanned, intelligent cities, etc. The main areas of application of figure 38gpgpu, gpgpu, are mainly used in the following areas:
4 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation cpu: company product lines are divided mainly into 3,000 series, 5000 series, 7,000 series, corresponding to end areas such as workstations and engineering and control equipment, general servers, high-end common servers and advanced computing systems, respectively.
With respect to dcu, the company ' s product lines are mainly 8,000 series, mainly applied to the advanced computing series of the artificial intelligence domain, with a core specification of 60-64 depth calculation units. They are expected to be in place in 2024e, 2025e, and 2025e, respectively, with a higher share in the domestic cpu bidding process, with industry scarcity, with the first “buy-in” rating being overtaken.
The research framework and financial analysis system are well developed and are good at analysing investment opportunities from a buyer's perspective, and are fully responsible for team electronic industry research using information on legal compliance, and the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.