Strategic Replenishment Epqiang, a forward-looking field of distribution therapy: In recent days, the company published "About Open Deportation to Obtain Apex Particle Devices in Shanghai."
The Proton Treatment System, approved in 2022, has been an autonomous innovation since its inception in June.
The product consists of an accelerator system and two parts of a treatment system. The accelerator system includes an injection system, a low-energy transmission system, a master plus speed system, a high-energy beam transfer system and an auxiliary electrical system, and the treatment system includes fixed beams.
Treatment system, 180° rotation beam treatment system and treatment plan system. As of 30 June 2022, Ipqiang had assets totalling $396 million, owner equity total equity/flow (million shares)
Ten thousand dollars. The final price of 4.6875% of the shares after the APUG replenishment is a natural physical advantage in the treatment of oncological particles, with certainty in medium- and long-term growth.
Proton treatment systems provide proton beams for radiotherapy and achieve high doses of tumours Report: The domestic market is growing steadily, and the international market can be accompanied by a reduction in around normal tissue doses, especially in target areas.
- 2022/11/02 on the treatment of malignant tumours and certain benign diseases in the whole body.
With 16 licences, the Proton Treatment Centre, which was operational in the country as of May 2023, has a fully autonomous, technologically accessible, video-guiding system, and with the first national proton treatment system approved for listing, we expect Proton treatment facilities to be released.
The number of available units is expected to increase, and the increase in the availability of treatment will be a trend in the future. As proton equipment in the country is marketed and subsequently gradually integrated into health care, this technology can become more mature and accessible, and will greatly activate the demand for proton treatment.
With a strong alliance to strengthen the long-term layout of joint therapy, the overseas medical equipment giants have already set up a set-up, with $16.4 billion in 2020 for the purchase of an oncology treatment tap, Varian, which has installed over 8,000 radiotherapy units around the world.
The system, with a global market share of over 50%; the 2022 gehealthcare partnership with the old company accury, has been an important part of the development of the UIMS strategy.
Together, the key to building an all-intelligent medically healthy ecology; based on multi-model image-guided therapy, proton therapy also needs to be equipped with video devices (ct, mr, pet), which complement the company's high-end images, X-ray devices.
The resources of the channels of film medicine continue to consolidate their pre-existing advantages and grow into national proton equipment leaders enterprises; at the same time, solutions can be developed with joint film medicine in proton centres, leading to multiple diagnostics Profit forecasting and investment ratings: based on analysis of the company's core business units, we anticipate
Risk of clandestine disclosure, risk of non-renewal of major client cooperation agreements due, new products Profit forecasting and financial indicators: Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report