Joint film medicine (688271.sh) 2022 and the first quarter of 2023: a rapid increase in the collection of staple products and a continuing rise in the share of overseas businesses due to fluctuations in the prices of raw materials purchased out of the chain.
In 2022, the main business line grew at a rapid rate, and the product mix’s advantages became apparent. The equipment product benefited from the company’s increasing R & D inputs from the collection structure, with double-digit growth in all lines of operations. In 2022, the Mi, mr, and rt lines increased by 30% on a year-on-year basis.
70.44 per cent, largely benefiting from the accumulation of company loads, has led to a high growth in revenue from services, with the advantage of a product-portfolio effect becoming increasingly apparent. 202,231 battalion harvests have grown rapidly and R & D rates have continued to rise. 2.213 billion in the first quarter of 2023
In 2022, the company received a total of 10 Nmpa products, including the industry ' s first full body magnetic resonance umr jupiter 5t, and the industry ' s first highest time resolution full-core number of pet/ctumipanoroma.
uangio 960; 39 products approved; 37 products. Joint Film Medicine (688271.sh) Quarterly Review 2022: Year-on-year increase. fda. New local products registered in 27 countries and territories, involving 42 products.
In 2022, the income of $7,946 million in the country was less than expected; there was a risk of overseas operations.
The slowdown in profit-end growth is mainly due to the price swings of raw materials purchased from the global epidemic’s supply chain problems and exchange rates, as well as high R & D spending. § 2022 is growing rapidly, and the portfolio’s advantages are becoming apparent.
The increase in revenues from maintenance services increased by 70.44 per cent from the year to year, mainly as a result of the company's loading capacity, and the cumulative effect of this trend, which has led to a high rate of growth in service earnings and a gradual increase in the product-portfolio effect.
Quick growth at the end of Camp 2023q1 and continued to raise R & D costs. 2.213 billion yuan (+33.42%) in the first quarter of 2023, $330 million net profit from the mother (+7.68%) and $277 million net profit from the non-return from the mother.
Jupiter 5t, industry ' s first maximum time resolution full core number of pet/ctumipanoroma, smart imitation micro-interruptive surgery system uangio 960; 39 products approved ce; 37 products approved fda; and new local products registered in 27 countries and territories, involving 42 products.
In 2022, between $7,946 million and 11.94 per cent of the country’s revenues continued to grow, with rapid internationalization in the face of the epidemic. The risk of exchange rate fluctuations; the risk of less than anticipated progress in research and development; and the lack of supply of externally purchased components for friction in international trade.
The risk of short-term stock-outs or higher costs arising from the outsourcing of some core components. The risk of offloading some of the products is mainly the result of supply chain problems that may result in companies not being able to deliver their products to customers in a timely and stable manner in the short term;
If global trade friction increases further and other countries or regions become more protectionist, China may take counter-measures to impose tariffs on some of the imported core parts, raising the price of imported parts. Exchange rate volatility may also increase the price of imported core parts to some extent, thereby increasing corporate products.
Costs of production, with a negative impact on the market competitiveness of the company ' s products. Risk of increased competition in the industry: companies already have a higher share of large quantities of goods in international and domestic markets, and as competition in the industry increases, firms are becoming more competitive if they are not able to sustain their competitive advantage in the future.
In strong market competition, firms face the risk of falling market shares. Trade protectionism and trade friction risks: corporate products are growing overseas, some core parts are purchased out, and if trade friction increases further, offshore suppliers may influence the supply of components, customers may
Reducing orders, requiring companies to reduce prices, or assuming corresponding tariffs, thus creating a risk of not operating abroad: the company works closely with Shsaker and faces regulatory requirements under national laws and taxes.
At the same time, the lack of managerial experience and capacity on the part of the actual controllers and management of the company will increase the difficulty of corporate governance coordination and create business management risks that will adversely affect the performance of the company.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject