High-end products continue to break through, medical equipment has a promising future, so the joint medical service (688271.sh) - the joint medical service (688271.sh) 2022 and the quarterly reviews.
+ 7.68%; deductible non-net profit of $277 million (+3.14%).
1,000 Tri-A hospitals, 49 of the top 50 hospitals in China's ranking of authority, are users of corporate products; company ct, pet/ct, pet/mr and xr products are ranked first in the industry, and mr and rt are among the top in the industry; the company's overseas client groups are covered in Asia.
In more than 50 countries and territories, including the continent, the Americas, Europe, Oceania, Africa, the share of central and foreign business receipts rose from 7.15 per cent to 11.94 per cent in the same period the previous year.
Markets: By the end of 2022, the company had accumulated more than 90 products, and a large number of soft products were certified to be marketed. In 2022, the company received a national Nmpa book of 10 products, including the first industrial whole body magnetic resonance of umrjupiter 5t, and a total core number.
By the end of 2022, 39 items of the company’s products were certified by the European Union (EU) and sold to more than 60 countries.
Homes and territories; 37 products are licensed for sale in the United States through fda certification, and sales networks cover major developed and emerging markets around the world. In 2022, companies were newly registered with local products in 27 countries and territories, covering 42 products.
High R & D inputs drive continuous corporate innovation, and the IP layout is further improved: companies attach great importance to R & D inputs and the development of top talent. In 2022, companies invested 13.06 in R & D, of which patent applications for inventions accounted for more than 80% of all patent applications, and companies acquired cumulatively
More than 4,300 IPR authorizations, of which more than 2,300 patent authorizations for inventions, have resulted mainly from the company ' s continued introduction of new products, the expansion of new markets abroad, and the growing scale of sales. R & D inputs total $430 million (+68.51%) and R & D inputs account for the revenue generated.
Increased numbers of research and development staff and the increase in human costs are the result of investment proposals: as the leader of the domestic medical image industry, the bottom-up domestic market is replaced by national production, and the vast offshore market is the driving force behind the company’s long-term growth. We expect the company to grow.
A steady growth in performance, with a sustained increase in the share of product markets 40.83 per cent of corporate revenues, the largest group of products sold by companies, has been admitted to more than 1,000 tri-a hospitals throughout the country, with wide recognition from clinical institutions at all levels, according to the University of Khetan Medical Clinic.
The company’s full-line products are ranked first in terms of market value and desk occupancy, with major breakthroughs in medium-to-high-end and ultra-high-end products. The company’s ct, pet/ct, pet/mr and xr products are ranked first in the industry, and mr and rt are ranked first in terms of market value and market value in the country in 2022.
ii. Focus on research and development innovations to accelerate the breakthrough of core technology: magnesium resonance in the human body 5t; full-core digital pet/ctumipanoroma; smart imitation micro-intrusive surgery system uangio 960. By the end of 2022, 39 company products were certified by EUce and could be sold to more than 60 countries.
Homes and territories; 37 products certified through fda, approved for sale in the United States, with distribution networks covering major developed markets and emerging markets worldwide. In 2022, companies were registered in 27 countries and territories with new local products covering 42 products.
The increase in the human cost of research and development is mainly due to the increase in the number of personnel; expenditure on R & D is 1.306 billion yuan (+34.92 per cent), compared to 14.14 per cent (up 0.79 percentage points from last year), mainly due to higher R & D inputs by companies, and to a larger increase in research and development projects and R & D personnel, resulting in a faster increase in the cost of R & D materials and R & D manpower. q1 companies sold in 2023.
Added to this is the increase in sales personnel and market activity; the increase in management costs is mainly due to the increase in the number of managers and salary increases; and the increase in the rate of R & D costs is due mainly to the increased recruitment of R & D talent by companies.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.