Performance met expectations, with continued high growth in overseas earnings The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: companies released their annual 2022 report, generating $9.24 billion (+27.4 per cent) and net return to the mother
1.66 billion yuan (+16.9 per cent) was written off, resulting in a deduction of 1.33 billion yuan (+13.9 per cent) from the parent. The cash flow from the business activity was 0.33 billion yuan (+33.4 per cent), resulting in a return net profit of 330 million yuan (+7.7 per cent) and a deduction of 280 million yuan (+3.1 per cent). The net cash flow from the business activity was $310 million. The performance was in line with market expectations.
The increase in the cost of material purchases slightly exceeds the increase in revenue. A rate of 32.1 per cent is a faster increase in the cost of R & D materials and human resources as a result of a significant increase in both research and development personnel. Taking into account the reduced impact of subsequent epidemics and upstream costs, as well as the increased efficiency of operations, profitability.
• Reverse growth in equipment operations, with continued high growth in service earnings and overseas earnings. 1) total equipment revenue for 22 years (+23.8%) is about $8.2 billion (+23.8%) and the domestic image industry has declined in scale due to the impact of the epidemic.
Against this background, the firm achieved a negative growth, and with interest-bearing loans at the medical and educational levels, the company is expected to benefit from diagnostics, treatments and scientific instruments.) The revenue from after-sales services increased with the continuous growth of company holdings and the strategic focus of the company for 22 years (+70.4 per cent)
With policies such as industrial support, hierarchies, and deregulation of configurations, China’s image equipment market in 2020 was set at 53.7 billion yuan, and is expected to exceed 100 billion in 2030, and with corporate technology breakthroughs and new products, the country’s image industry has been able to grow.
The company is expected to increase its profitability by leading import substitutions and by increasing the share of high-end products and the gradual self-production of core parts.
Pet-ct, umrjupeter 5.0tmri, global top-of-the-ground magnetic resonance system, umnx, sustained high income growth, long-term growth space for identifying innovative products such as neuroexporer neuroscientific research for ultra-high performance 3.0t, technological breakthroughs and product upgrades
2. Joint Shadow Medical Care (688271): National Production Image Device Head, “Technology Break + Product Upgrading” opens up the growth space
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.