Product innovation optimization, faster growth of rt, mi, mr, joint film medicine (688271) 2022 and a review of the first quarter of 2023 28 April 2023
Events: The company published its annual report for 2022, which achieved gross operating income of RMB 9,238 million, an increase over the same period in the previous year, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of RMB 330 million, an increase of 7.68 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
In 2022, the company generated 3,072 million yuan, 2,069 million yuan, 1,532 million yuan and 572 million dollars.
Roe (ttm) has maintained double-digit growth in all lines of business.
Overcrowding has contributed to a high rate of growth in revenue from services. 48.37 per cent of corporate sales have fallen by 1.05 percentage points from the same year; the share of sales of mr and rt products in the medical appliances industry has increased, while the share of income from Māori products has also been relatively high.
This has increased; in 2022, the Māori rate for companies selling medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment decreased by 1.39 percentage points to 48.46 per cent in the same year. Moreover, the Māori rate for companies providing maintenance services has increased by 7.58 percentage points to 55.79 per cent in the same year, while maintaining a high scale.
By the end of 2022, the company had been admitted to more than 1,000 tri-a hospitals in the country, widely recognized by clinical institutions at all levels. By the size of the new market in the country in 2022, the company's ct, pet/ct, pet/mr and xr products were ranked first in the industry.
On the overseas side, the client group of companies has covered more than 50 countries and territories in Asia, the Americas, Europe, Oceania, Africa, etc., with high rates of growth in offshore sales and an increase in offshore revenue collection from 7.15 per cent to 11.94 per cent over the same period the previous year.
Investment proposals: The joint film medicine department, the leading company in the high-end medical image industry in the country, focuses mainly on the development, production and servicing of high-end medical imagery products, radiotherapy products and life science instruments, and has a leading position in the country in the fields of mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr and dr.
New developments, with the addition of dividends from the medical equipment industry, with future performance growth in time. We expect corporate risk; centralized procurement policy risks; internationalization and business expansion risks; industry research from the new crown epidemic, “positive” investors only for those with a risk level not higher than “medium and high” risk, and “radical” investors for each division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.