Cloud operations doubled, and large head business markets made significant breakthroughs, using the Friends Network (600588.sh) Focus Cloud Transformation Strategy to continuously increase inputs and maintain “buy-in” ratings.
The historic opportunity of the convergence of globalization, nationalization, and internationalization is expected to accelerate development and maintain the “buy-in” rating. For the first time, the growth of cloud operations doubled, exceeding the revenues of software operations by $3.17 billion in the first half of 2021, an increase of 7.7% over the same period.
The revenue from software operations was $1,445 million, a decline of 8.9 per cent over the same period, accounting for 51.0 per cent of the total income from cloud services and software operations, which for the first time exceeded the revenue from software operations. In addition, subscription income grew at a full rate, the liability for cloud services contracts was $1,243 million, an increase of 14.6 per cent compared to late 2020, and cloud services arr
• Significant breakthroughs have been made in large head clients, with a number of typical poles, companies refocusing their operations, taking advantage of large-scale and large-scale customer markets, and achieving remarkable results in the first half of the year. Companies have made significant breakthroughs in such fields as tobacco, energy, military industry, etc., and have successfully signed contracts with nuclear groups, shipware, China.
China Oil Information, China Chemical Industry, China Gold, China Expatriate Group, China Pharmacy, China Jianxing Five Bureau, Singaporek Jewellery, crane milk industry, Shandong Wei Bridge Enterprise, Shandong Port, Dragon Coal Logistics, among other important customers.
In 2021, the company upgraded its industrial Internet research and development technology to drive the development of a friendly industrial Internet platform with a new five technology engines. In the first half of the year, the company was oriented towards a medium-sized system.
The company update report - the firm's u9cloud cloudp product, which focuses on the growth of semiconductors, new energy sources, photovoltaics, etc.
Precision manufacturing enterprises that combine applications such as aiot, plm, smart factories, etc., with cloud integration, production intelligence, 2021.8.3 Capability, operational agility, internationalization, and fine-tuning.
Corporate Information Update Report - Launching a new round of motivation, Focusing on Cloud+Soft Masters - Corporate Information Update Report - Cloud+Soft Revenue