Use of the Friends Network (600588), company review report, for approval, to speed up growth, and use the Friends Network (600588.sh) event review.
On August 2nd, the company released an application to obtain clearance from the China CSRC to invest $5.298 billion in projects such as yombip to optimize the organizational structure and release its dynamism, in accordance with the company's decision on July 22nd on the request for a public distribution of the CIVICUS network.
Circulation of market value (millions of yuan): response to the Job Readiness Letter, the company intends to invest $5.298 billion in the Yonbip construction project, etc., of which the Yonbip project will invest $4.597 billion, and the R & D centre construction project will invest $4.597 billion.
For $628 million, follow-up research and development is guaranteed for yonbip. In addition, the company has created a dedicated Department of Products for the development of yonbip products technology, which is responsible for integrating cloud products within the cloud platform complex, group products and business planning, group technology and architecture planning, and supporting cloud platforms, mid-end operations and the development of high-end operations.
In terms of marketing, companies plan to further expand the dissemination of yombep products throughout the country over the next three years. We believe that this increase will help to further sharpen yombep’s products, and that yombep is expected to maintain technological leadership and accelerate the process of scalding to cover large business clients.
On July 16, the company announced the transfer of 44.62 per cent of its subsidiary's alumni holdings to the Beijing Institute of Research, and after the transfer was completed, the company no longer held an equity interest in the alumni and no longer held financial assets.
It is argued that stripping financial assets helps companies focus on cloud service owners and is in line with the company’s business development plan, the SMS Research-Friends Network (600588.sh) Event Review: Strategic Layout. yombip is the company’s most important strategic product in the 3.0-ii phase, marking the company’s success.
Cloud services have gone from product service mode to platform service mode, and since 2021 companies have collaborated with a number of large companies on yombip products, reflecting market recognition of yombip.
The Division announced that it would launch a joint tobacco marketing solution with China, and that it would work with the yanbip cloud platform and the United States Mission strategy to promote the digitization of the catering sector. 2021.05.18 iuap, which would provide a full-scale tobacco industry based on technology, data, intelligence and business hubs.
In June, the company signed a strategic and project cooperation agreement with the Space Science and Technology Consortium, which plans to create best practices for “friends with bip+ godship”.
As of June 2021, over 12,000 products and services from more than 8,200 business applications and service providers have been connected to the lonbip platform. yombip, as the intellectual base of technology for large enterprises, is expected to continue to support high growth in corporate cloud services.
The company has been farming for many years in the field of traditional business management software, and the industry is well established; cloud services are strategic development; Chen Tunan has a recurring new coronary pneumonia epidemic; the process of transformation of cloud services has not advanced as expected; and the development and promotion of new products has progressed.
Less than expected; brain drain; increased competition in the industry; less than expected market expansion of the yonbip platform. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on portfolio investment, produce the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. Data used in my commitment to report are derived from compliance channels, analytical logic based on author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.