Cloud computing + the core of industrial software shows value, using Friends Network (600588.sh)
In the reporting period, companies increased their product R & D inputs through a sustained focus on major industries.
Regulation of the conduct of financial operations, which have been phased out from financial operations such as smooth and easy payments, with revenues of 225 million yuan in financial services and 31.77 Prince Road in the first half of the year.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 7.68 per cent over the previous year, after deducting the related revenue-related effects of the related financial operations for the same period of the previous year, the company ' s income grew by 35.90 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period. At the same time, the impact of the same increase in non-recurrent returns, such as the return on investment resulting from the transfer of equity, was attributed to the shareholders of the listed company.
The net profit was 215 million yuan, an increase of 74.02% over the same period. In the first half of the year, the company continued to focus on the main industry, moving towards cloud services and upgrading its research and development inputs. During the reporting period, the company invested $953.94 million in R & D, an increase of 38.9% over the previous year. R & D accounted for 30.0% of revenue, compared to the same period in the previous year.
The transformation of cloud operations began with the strategic focus of large firms. Companies remained steadfast in their strategic transformation objectives, with cloud services achieving revenues of $1,506 million over the reporting period, representing an increase of 100.7 per cent over the same period, and corporate cloud revenues amounted to 47.4 per cent of total revenue, an increase of 22.02 pcts over the same period.
While cloud revenue accounts for 51.0 per cent of the total revenue from cloud services and software operations, the first time a company revenue from cloud operations exceeds revenue from software operations, and the revenue structure of the company has gradually improved, leading to a breakthrough in the corporate cloud transformation strategy. Companies have continued to consolidate their leading position in large corporate customer markets during the reporting period.
At the same time, by seizing historical opportunities of national production and intellectualization, the company continued to capture its share in the market of large enterprises, with companies earning 1,979 million yuan, an increase of 33.77 per cent compared to 33.77 per cent, and its central cloud business, a gain of 1,062 million yuan, an increase of 91.51 per cent compared to the previous, and companies generating revenues in large companies.
At the same time, companies need to take advantage of the technological upgrading cycle of large firms and fully utilize their accumulated and innovative capabilities in product technology, application services, and successfully sign large companies such as Johua, China, Biadi, Chewie, and a group of high-quality industries.
Clients. The company’s small and medium-sized clients’ incomes are rising at a lower rate than expected, but the growth in cloud operations is high, delaying the company’s performance, but has made a qualitative change in the structure of the company’s business in the future. [Galactic Computer] company appraising friends’ network (600588.sh):
The contract liability for cloud operations continued to rise, with high client rates proving the firm ' s strong capacity for products.
14.6 per cent, while the company first disclosed annual recurrent revenue (arr) from publicly owned cloud services of $834 million, of which the large client arr was $431 million, mostly because of the mix of cloud deployment patterns of large clients.
94.53%, medium-sized 71.38%, small clients 79.86%, g-end customers 100%, continuing high rates and strong competitive advantages for corporate cloud services products. Enhancing the manufacturing layout, industrial software growth in the future. Company launched u9cloud this year, downstream of u9cloud.
The target client is a medium-sized manufacturing enterprise, while u9clud, as part of the Internet using alumni and intelligent industries, integrates applications such as aiot, plm, smart factories, etc., to achieve cloud integration, production intelligence, operation agility, internationalization, and fine-tuning.
Ipr and mpo functions. Companies rely on the accumulation of manufacturing erp, the interface between plm, mes and erp, and now have plm R & D centres in Shanghai and Chongqing, and companies will continue to demonstrate their capabilities in the field of industrial software.
Equity incentives are approved separately from fixed increases, and companies have unlimited potential for future development. On July 24, 2021, the company disclosed a restrictive equity incentive scheme, which targets senior managers and business cadres, and which enhances the motivation and stability of key business people.
With the approval of the Division's closed plan, the consolidation of the capital base will guarantee further expansion of the company's business, future corporate development, investment advice to the company's performance as expected, and with the emergence of a hub where strong products and high-quality cost control and R & D capabilities of the company, we keep looking at the company's current business model and future development.
The short-term profit throes caused by a complete change in corporate business, we lower the net profit forecast. We track the business performance of the company as a whole, figure 1: operating income and the same rate of growth.
Figure 2: Mother ' s net profit and rate of increase over the same period Figure 4: Changes in cost rates over the period Figure 3: Māori rate and changes in net interest rates
Figure 5: p-bands Figure 6: pb-bands personally committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has been past
He has a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on research by technology companies.