In the first half of the year, we turned over bright answers to speed up the capture of the big business market, using the end-of-life network 2021 as an example of a multi-dimensional, multi-dimensional, multi-dimensional, multi-dimensional, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year, multi-year.
At the end of the income spectrum: cloud operations have increased by 100% and cloud revenues have exceeded software. From the three main operations, cloud operations have earned $1,506 million and 10.7%, while software operations have earned 1,445 million and decreased 8.9%, and financial operations have lost 230 million and 63% of their earnings, which are affected by stripping. For the first time, cloud operations have earned 51% more than software.
In large-scale customers, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) markets are actively pushing the public up against each other. From large-scale customer markets: large-scale firms earn 1.06 billion and 91.5 per cent, or 70.5 per cent. Large-scale customers’ poles are one of the core competitiveness of their friends, with companies breaking through in the first half of the year in areas of advantage, with large firms earning more than one dollar.
By 70.5%, the total value of more than 5 million orders increased by 37%, showing the company’s success in large corporate markets. From the medium-sized/small customer markets: cloud operations accelerate and are driven mainly by public clouds.
The growth rate of cloud revenues in the three main areas of small scale and government is 99%, 133%, and 140%, respectively, is high. The high growth in contract-based indebtedness also shows that companies have been able to make a significant difference in SME markets.
Looking to the future, friends will transform the cloud with intelligence and national production. The transformation of the industry resulting from cloud computing has become an immutable long-term trend, with public and private cloud markets s0100120090026, according to ICAC data, for 20 years.
It is expected that the financial, manufacturing, energy, telecommunications, and other industries, led by large multinational corporations, will continue to choose national software producers for a digital transformation. Friends are expected to capture the demand for digitalization that has flourished in this industry, and the current producers of erp are growing rapidly.
Review: Cloud transformation has accelerated further, and products have continued to hit, taking into account the decoupling of financial services, the strong investment in markets and research and development, and the decline in the Māori rate in the early days of the cloud transformation, we 2.
The market is generally based on the ps valuation method, with the current market value corresponding to 21 years of ps being 12 times the comparable fine-tuning management contributing to a significant increase in profits The average 21 years of ps being 16 times the company's average is still undervalued and the company maintains a “recommended” rating.
Downstream demand is subject to less than expected macroeconomic fluctuations; yonbip research and development progress is less than expected; increased competition leads to a decline in the Māori rate; corporate financial statement data projections are aggregated; authors are qualified for securities investment consultancy or considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association; and the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,