21H1 Clouds account for the first excess of software, and 1Cs continue to break by 7.69% on a year-on-year basis. If the impact of financial operations is removed, Software Plus Clouds achieves income of $2,951 million, and is affected by the investment gains from smooth and easy payments.
The net profit from the return to the mother (million shares) - $81 million, with an increase in losses on the same basis, is mainly due to the fact that the company continues to exploit the opportunities of intellectualization, nationalization and internationalization, and its investment continues to grow.
Clients continue to break through, and there is much room for future development. Corporate prices are growing faster than the depth of 300 – 21h1 cloud business, which accounts for the first excess software revenue, and the cloudy tipping point is visible.
21h1 achieved a gain of RMB 1,506 million, or an increase of 10.7 per cent, representing 51 per cent of the “software plus cloud” revenue, and for the first time exceeded the software business, which, in our view, marks the turning point for the transformation of the company, and the prospect of a sustained increase in the future of corporate income from cloud business.
A shift from traditional business information providers to the world’s leading corporate-level cloud service providers. In concrete terms, cloud operations have developed as follows:
We believe that the number of customers in corporate cloud business continues to grow and that the rate is maintained at a better level.
This is a positive development for cloud operations. The liability is reflected in advance payments for the unacknowledged income component of corporate cloud operations, subscriptions to relevant in-depth reports - a friend network: new blue for corporate cloud services
The rapid growth in contractual liabilities reflects the rapid development of corporate publicly owned cloud business. (4) Annual recurrent revenue (arr) shows that company 21h1 annualized arr is 834 million.
An evaluation report _ Friends Network: The cloud business continues to grow by billions and the government and public organizations by 41 million yuan. We expect the company to earn $6.2 billion in cloud business throughout the year, and the current arr estimates that the share of subscription income will reach 13.5 per cent for the year.
The company is now actively building the industry’s ecology, and its partners are growing.
The company's digital transformation towards mega-/super-large/large-scale firms is actively promoting yombip as a nuclear mind's multi-brained business innovative solution, trying to grasp new opportunities for the nationalization of mega-enterprises.
In the case of 21h1, the company ' s 31l customer outreach is good: 1) The revenue growth rate is seen as: 21h1 large companies have achieved total “software + cloud” revenues of $1.979 billion, and the growth rate of the company as a whole is clearly faster than that of the company as a whole.
Ten thousand orders grew by 33.7 per cent, and more than five million orders grew by 37.0 per cent. We believe that this order is growing in a way that reflects the company’s continued expansion in terms of its large clients. 3) Marker cases show that the company’s 21H1 successful contractors and others have made a big breakthrough and successful signing.
A group of 11 customers, such as the Nuclear Group, the Shenzhou Software, the China Sea Oil Information Group, China Chemical Industries, China Gold, the Hong Kong City Group, China Pharmacy, China's 5th Bureau, Singaporek Jewellery, the crane milk industry, the Shandong Wei Bridge Enterprise Group, Shandong Port, Dragon Coal Logistics, etc.
• Sales and R & D inputs continue to grow, yonbip products continue to overlap, and companies fully implemented their business development strategy of “strength products, access to markets, capacity” in 2021, resulting in an overall upturn in R & D, marketing and management, with a 24.79 per cent sales cost for 21h1 companies,
Upgraded by 6.96 pct, R & D by 23.44%, up 2.2 pct, up by 15.19%, and cloud services operators, with 1,500 more R & D staff, 60% more. R & D staff are mainly involved in the continuous research and development of the new generation of ionbip products. 21h1, the company has launched the yombip flagship.
Releases 202102, Yonbip flagship (exclusive/private cloud), 202105, with continued enhancement of the ioap development of the unified technology platform yonbip, launch of the low-code development platform yonbuilder, data center (data workshop, business portrait), smart center (ai workshop), block chain service,
Many new applications and features of products such as e-contracts. Quicker ecological construction, widening product boundaries, acquisition of big clouds, hrsaas. The company issued an announcement on the evening of 9 February, to be paid in RMB 283 million.
Dollars, 56,57% share in Shanghai Big Eycoon, a company that has been invested in it. Once the deal is over, the company holds 84.74% share in the stock. Big Eyco is a service provider that uses business and management services as its core business. We believe that by buying the Big Eycoon, the company will be able to make a difference.
Human resources are an important aspect of the intellectual transformation of business, and the human cloud is one of the core areas of a friendly business innovation platform. This acquisition is a big one, and the company is expected to be more powerful and easy through technology empowerment, product integration, customer and channel sharing.
Smart cloud recruitment and yonbip ' s overall human cloud services provide clients with complete hrsaas solutions and services to help them improve recruitment effectiveness, enhance talent supply chain management, better serve businesses talent development, business innovation and management change, and make enable clients succeed.
The subsidiary issued an announcement on May 16 and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the United States Mission to provide comprehensive catering management system services to its clients. The two sides will share the resources of their clients and jointly provide comprehensive catering management system services and charge user fees.
In addition to the supply chain management system and the financial management system, the United States Mission provided its own catering management system and a single machine, the acquisition of grapefruit mobile low-coded platforms was announced on the afternoon of 3 June, with $151 million.
The renminbi has a 100% stake in youuziholdingslimited, you know, grapefruit (Beijing) Mobile Technology Limited. The grapefruit movement has the technical advantages and ecological customers of the mobile low-end platform. To date, api, which brings together a large number of mainstream domestic and foreign third-party Paas and saas cloud service providers, has accumulated.
One million registered developers are widely used, with more than 1,300 publicly owned modules, more than 20,000 privately owned modules, and more than 20,000 publicly owned apis, which can be used by developers as a button to develop various types of applications to continuously accelerate changes in the productivity of it.
The platform is primarily oriented towards a 2b backend management application, while the grapefruit movement is mainly directed towards a mobile end at the 2c front end, an app application that complements each other, and this acquisition has made the user the rare domestic owner of a full low-code platform that has a front-to-back end, from 2c to 2b application.
Eco-building continues to accelerate, and the boundaries of products are widening. We believe that, from the acquisition of Big Lei Cloud, to the United States, to the acquisition of grapefruit mobile and expanded mobile low-end open-source capabilities, corporate eco-building continues to accelerate. In 2021, the company proposed five eco-programs, and we believe that friends can rely on the Toyonbip war.
In the future, companies are expected to build on internal R & D and external M & As to continuously broaden their product margins.
The corporate cloud priority strategy continues, 21H1’s cloud business sustains high growth, 1’s customers continue to crash, yonbip’s eco is gradually improving, and we're looking at corporate cloud service providers and business innovation.
Development prospects for the transformation of the provider. Considering the decoupling of financial operations, it is expected that revenues from the company's 2021/22/23 cloud operations will continue to grow, with an increase in cloud operations, which is expected to increase at a faster rate 2), and that product applications and industrial ecological construction will not be as well as expected;
Contact person: Shau Yiu, Applied Mathematics Promulgation University, five years of financial experience, formerly employed in the self-employed and foreign portfolio research sector. Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of Arts, Xiamen University, eight years of work experience, formerly employed in ni, keysight, 5g, and Smart Networked Motors.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.