Incident: On July 16, the company announced its intention to hold the holding of a controlled subsidiary, Shenzhen Pre-Sea Friendship Alloy \triangleright
After the transfer has been completed, the company will no longer hold an equity interest in the equity, and no longer hold a class of money.
Focus on corporate cloud service owners, when the platform transition is under way. “Friendship Holdings” mainly provide interconnected \triangleright financial information intermediaries that provide direct links between borrowers and lenders (including institutions and individuals).
Loans provide information to facilitate intermediary services such as the supply of services, which are recognized under an agreement for the provision of services to intermediaries, and for 20 years the company has invested $260 million in financing information operations. This severing is followed by a quick and easy payment whereby the company is once again displacing its financial assets and has since focused its efforts on business figures.
We believe that the company is now focusing on platform farming, core product research and development, and ecological empowerment, and that with its many years of business experience and client channels, it is transforming itself into a digitized industrial platform service provider with a strong income sustainability in the medium to long term.
According to the company's latest revision, the company's Yonbip platform was built with a total of $5.298 billion, of which $4.597 billion was invested in the construction of the Yonbip platform to create smart data landings, leading business service platforms, and eco-exploitation of business innovation.
The Business Innovation Platform for the Continent’s First Ecology is targeted for a period of three years. We believe that corporate-type financial operations are a major impediment, and that after this stripping, targeted incremental projects are expected to accelerate, yombip products will receive substantial R & D funding and technical barriers will continue to rise.
Profit predictions and valuation ratings. We value the company ' s long-term development: (1) medium-stage advantage support, platform-based transformation, enabling from digital bottom, client glue will increase significantly, single-client services will deepen sustainably (2) national production opportunities will be high, and mega-client projects experience will be developed for new products.
Provides valuable models (3) enabling ecological partners, with small and medium-sized clients covering or accelerating. We expect public use of the Friends Network: Business in the New Age of Services, with a strong national leader.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
We have selected 2b information service providers that are moving faster on cloudization in the country: Hiroshima, Golden Fluttershy International, Ming-yuan-Yun-Yun-Yun-Yun-Yun-Yun-Yun-Sun as a comparable company, the company yonbip based on cloud-based technologies, providing business innovation services to businesses, the medium-level advantage support platform model, the transformation, enabling from digital bottoms, the customer stickyness will be greatly enhanced, and single-client services will be further enhanced.
Clouds: The 20-year newspaper sap revealed that "ambition" in 2025: “The cloud business earned more than $22 billion in 2025, 30% (about 35% of the comparable caliber of software + clouds). We think that the market should value the sap cloud business well above the overall ps. Corporate cloud services revenue is expected to grow more than three times faster than the sap cloud business, while centralization, intelligence, biochemistry.
Non-Cloud Business: We have selected as a benchmark a few of the more slow-changing IT service providers, with an average of 49 times pe in 2022 and a net annual profit of 1,432 million yuan (assuming that the company ' s cloud business achieved a balance of gains and losses in 2022). The corresponding market value is $28.6 billion. For clouds, we propose an alternative valuation that divides the company ' s cloud computing business into three parts: 1.
A more pure subscription model, with 25-30 times ps valuing, with reference to overseas cloud computing companies. 2. Corporate cloud services, based on cloud-based technologies, help businesses to innovate commercially, with significant advantages, leading to high customer stickyness and monolithic customer value, continued deep-digging space, with 20-25 times ps valuing, with reference to overseas cloud computing companies pecs valuing. 3. company erppp
In view of this, Lui, the University of Defense Science and Technology is very active in research into computer science. Six years of industry experience, former head of the Global Store Information Technology Research and Development, Solutions Sector Team, joined the Seaton Securities in 2016, the fourth in 17 and 19 and the fourth in 2020.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.