The cloud turning point breaks, the cloud services are growing fast - the year and a half 2021.
A small increase in operating income and a turning point in the cloud transformation, influenced by financial operations such as the unwinding of smooth and easy payments, led to a growth of 3.7 per cent in the first half of the year 2021, as a result of the accelerated transformation of cloud services.
Inputs from distribution, marketing and sales increased by $6.472 million on the same basis for non-mother-to-mother net profits. Companies seized intellectual and national production opportunities in large enterprise markets, promoting publicly owned cloud business in MSMEs, and cloud services and software generated revenues of $29.51 billion, an increase of 26.3 per cent.
The cloud services industry has achieved revenue of $1,506 million, an increase of 10.7 per cent over the previous year, surpassing the software business for the first time by more than $1 billion. The company’s business and income structure have changed qualitatively, marking a breakthrough in the cloud transformation strategy.
The company has accelerated its strategy to promote strong products by introducing relevant high-end R & D talent, with R & D investment of 954 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 38.9 per cent in the same year, and a ratio of revenues of 30.0 per cent, an increase of 6.7 percentage points in the same year; the total number of employees was 19473, an increase of 13.8 per cent in the same year, with Yonbip achieving the same technology base, the same technology base.
Sets of codes, deployment of different sizes of clients by the same platform for public cloud, private cloud, mixed cloud requirements; increased integration of the iuap platform, and a breakthrough in data intelligence enhancement scenes, building an event review of the research-friends network of the National Dollar Securities Corporation (600588.sh):
The country's leading cloud power; yonsuite is new every week, and product properties can be increased in succession, with accelerated growth likely to increase, creating a product advantage for the high growth of companies in the market for cloud services for medium-sized enterprises.
In the first half of the year, the company stepped up marketing, seized the market of huge corporate customers, and the cloud service and software business went straight.
The value of sales contracts increased by 28.4 per cent over the same year, with new contracts of over $5 million increasing by 37.0 per cent over the same year, new contracts of between $1 million and $5 million increasing by 33.7 per cent over the same year, with several intellectually modified and nationalized orders landing at an accelerated pace. The company’s demand coverage for customers is increasing and customers are satisfied.
The company’s clients are growing in size, headlines are breaking through, and a group of leading pole customers from leading companies and industries, such as the Nuclear Group, the Paulie Group, the Godship software, China Sea Oil Information, etc. are under contract.
The company has been in the traditional business management software business for many years, and the industry is strong; cloud services are strategic development Chen Tunan, in the direction of rapid growth and long-term, and there is much room for future growth.
During critical periods of this type, the cost inputs, such as R & D, are higher, the net profit margin is lower, and the ps valuation method is more reasonable. The company’s pss have operated mainly between 5 and 21 times over the past three years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, taking into account the dollar of the cloud services business.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated: cloud services have not moved as fast as expected: research and development and extension of new products have been less advanced than expected: brain drain: more manufacturers have entered the corporate cloud services market and industry competition has increased.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.