Date of launch: July 17, 2021
The shares of the subsidiary Shenzhen Pre-Sea Friendship and Financial Services Co. Ltd. were transferred to a Beijing-based company to strip away its financial assets, with a focus on cloud service owners: on July 16, the company issued an announcement that the transaction did not meet the audit net asset absolute standard and therefore did not constitute a major asset reorganization.
When the transfer is completed, the company will no longer hold an equity interest in amity and financial assets, and in the future it will focus on cloud services, continuously increasing the level of corporate ownership and innovation, making full use of the company’s accumulated “knowhow” and platform innovation capabilities in terms of products.
▪ Friendship holdings have suffered losses from industrial policies and listed companies have been less affected: in recent years there has been a significant decline in earnings earnings, mainly as a result of regulated policies, industry development and macroeconomic influences on operating subjects under the flag, their Internet financial information brokering services, Internet lending and information brokering services
The decline in volume has led to a decline in income profits. The Internet finance sector follows regulatory policies, with large-scale de-escalation of its operations, especially with regard to Internet lending.
In 2020, the amount of the net profit from the friendly holdings was -45 million yuan, and as of 31 May 2021, the net profit from the friendly shares was -33 million yuan, and the amount of the loss had less impact on the profits of listed companies, so that the transfer of equity would not have a significant impact on the finances and operations of listed companies.
▪ Business separation is in line with company strategic business planning, and growth is expected to accelerate: the purpose of this transaction is to enable the company to fully pursue its own development planning and the future of cloud-based services. In July of this year, the company released a proposed addition, the main purpose of which is to build yombipping, the company's core product.
1. Friends Network (600588): One season, while in recent years regulatory scrutiny of the financial asset category has become more stringent, corporate financial asset reporting points: cloud services are better than market forecasts
This will increase the difficulty of auditing, and it is expected that the divestment of financial assets will push forward the process of refinancing the company by making it available as soon as possible, using a friendly cloud, a strategic acceleration.
Development is important, and companies in the future will continue to be determined to advance the friendly 3.0-ii strategy, increase investment, and accelerate the transformation of cloud operations.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We maintain income projections 2021-2023, transformational gains 2021-03-27.
Golden Fluttershy International is in a position of discount. Friends have a clear advantage in large businesses, and cloud services are growing up in the lead. 2021-03-07 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.