\triangleright deducting non-net profits - $65 million, mainly due to the company ' s accelerated transition to cloud services.
Over the reporting period, corporate financial operations continued to contract as a result of strategic planning, with revenues of $220 million, a decrease of 63.2 per cent over the same period.
The company's income from cloud-plus software amounted to $2.95 billion, an increase of 26.3 per cent over the same year, of which cloud services debt was $1.240 billion, an increase of 14.6 per cent from the end of the previous year, and annual recurrent revenues from cloud services. We believe that the corporate cloud transformation strategy is well under way, with a future one-t system in large enterprises.
In the light of the intellectual trend in the number of companies that produce and target yombep, the company’s cloud business is expected to continue.
(b) Medium-sized clients: companies continue to accelerate their cloud transformation, predominantly yonsuite, and u8c/u9c
Billion dollars, 99.1 per cent of the year; micro-enterprises: companies are giving priority to full-scale cloud services, subscriptions are good, 132.5 per cent of the year. We believe that the current corporate strategy is clear, targeting different clients, and that future large-scale firms are expected to have market advantages, both middle and middle.
Over the reporting period, the company invested $950 million in R & D, and in the service of the new era, the country's leading leaders grew by 38.9 per cent, compared to 30 per cent, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period the previous year.
Percentage point. Bip achieves the same technology base/code/platform that meets the needs of households for cloud deployment of different sizes. Continuously enhances the development of ioap from the unified technology platform yonbip, launching the low-code development platform yonbuilder, the data center (data workshop, business graphics), intelligence
A variety of new applications and features for products such as the center stage. Strategic M & A grapefruit Movement (apicloud). A low-code two-platform layout for a friend Yoonbuilder+apicloud will be developed in the future to create an upgraded version of a standard, generic low-code development platform that supports the full-scale view of business service developers.
Applied development. There are now a large number of large corporate customer purchasing companies, the Lup platform, that is digitalized and transformed, and business linkages, up and down, are expected to create new business opportunities to see the future of the Bip product on a scale, while single-client value continues to dig deep and the platform has great room for diversification.
In the short term, market recognition of company cloudy business is gradually growing, cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
In the medium term, there is a huge alternative to national production, and since this year, the company has won a bid for the U.S./U.S. National Product Project. In the long run, the company is in China.
Figure 5: The company Peband Lurie, the University of Defense Science and Technology, is very active in computer science. Six years of industry experience, research and development in global storage information technology companies.
In 2016, the head of the Solutions Sector Team joined the CMS, in 2016, in 2016, in the fourth place, in 19 and in 2020, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, and in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place, in the fourth place.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.