Friends Network (600588.ch): Cloud services doubled in revenue and, for the first time, they doubled in revenue over software business, first super-soft: the company earned RMB 3.180 billion in the first half of the year.
This represents an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same year; cloud services revenue is RMB 1.51 billion, double the same year, and the income ratio has risen further to 47 per cent, exceeding the software business; software operations revenue is RMB 1.45 billion, a 9 per cent decline over the same year; and financial services are affected by financial operations such as loose and easy payments, etc.
Revenue fell to RMB 230 million. As companies accelerated their transition to cloud services, inputs increased by 39% and R&D rates increased by 6.7 percentage points on the same basis.
The net loss on non-mortality increased to $814.3 million. Quantities, 64 per cent of the 657 million new paying clients were pure new clients, with a further increase of 79.9 per cent for micro-clients and 100 per cent for government and public organizations.
The annual recurrent income (arr) is $834 million, of which the share of non-large enterprises is nearly half. The debt on subscription contracts is $654 million, and the debt on cloud contracts is more than 50%, supporting the high growth in the second half of the year.
Head-clients continue to break through, consolidating the market position for large-scale cloud services: revenue from large enterprises increased by 33.8 per cent to RMB 1.98 billion in the same year, with revenues from cloud services rising by 91.5 per cent in the same year, revenue from gold company cloud services rising by 70 per cent, and software operations largely equalled in the first half of the year.
A major breakthrough has been made in such countries as tobacco, energy, and the successful contracting of important clients such as nuclear groups, the Kagonia software, and the firm’s leading position in the large corporate customer market has been further consolidated.
China ' s Saas Industry: Wind to Clouds (2020 - Figure 2: Comparison of Friends Network Financial Forecasts)
Pilgrim International pessimism and pessimism scenario: corporate profitability is below expectations.
Promising scenario: Companies are more profitable than expected if cloud operations grow at an average rate of more than 70 per cent annually over the next three years, or if cloud operations grow at an average rate of less than 50 per cent over the next three years.
The overall income is better than expected: the overall income is less than expected; the market share of the erp is further increased.
The market share of the erp has declined.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]