On 2 August, the company announced that the CVM issue board had approved the company’s application for a non-public share. On the basis of the results of the meeting, the company issued a non-public share.
As of the date of this announcement, the company has not received a written approval from the CSRC, which will be announced separately upon receipt of the official document approved by the CSRC. Nearly $4.6 billion of the proposed additional project was invested in the construction of the lonbip platform.
On July 23, the company launched its 21-year equity incentive program, which is a firm foundation for cloud-plus software, with cumulative incentives extending to nearly 4,000 people.
Practice No.: $1500520030003 yonbip is oriented towards the digital upgrading of enterprises and business innovation as a core product of the corporate platform transformation, and this is an extension of sufficient R & D funding to companies and equity incentives to bind core technical teams.
Based on the company’s July 22 regulatory review letter, the company created a dedicated product department to integrate clouds in the cloud platform complex.
Product headquarters, group product and business planning, group technology and architecture planning, and support the development of cloud platforms, medium- and high-end operations. Technology and product R & D at the local level of the bip product can be clearly distinguished from the R & D and production of other products, with sub-module sectors such as the platform, the fields and so on.
Clear. We believe that a clear division of labour among technical staff is the basis for product standardization, and that companies currently have a large number of pole-building projects, and that the product power is expected to increase significantly after deep grinding.
From a business perspective, when the enterprise reaches a certain size, customizing the needs associated with the int-system is inevitable, and under the traditional t architecture, t service providers find it difficult to quickly replicate the results of their development for single customers.
Building a high-profile technology/data/business hub based on a platform and standardized product [Suda computer] friend network: enterprise research and development, and eco-friendly product customization. There are now a large number of large-scale business clients.
In the new era of service, the country's champions have always been strong, buying the company luap platform as the base of a digital transition, and there's a desire to create new business opportunities between the firms involved, both upstream and downstream, to see the future of the company's bip product on a scale that maintains a single customer's value.
In the short term, the market's recognition of the company's bip-like cloud business has gradually deepened, and the company is expected to value the restoration. In the medium term, the country's alternative space is huge, and since this year, it's a huge one.
In the long run, the company is currently working on standard grinding products in China, waiting for the mega-college customer project.
"Cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing: 4, macroeconomic downside.
Figure 1: China’s Chinese market size and projections
Table 5: Use of Yoonbip sector organizational structure, Lui, Defense Science University, and research on computer science. Six years of industry experience, former head of a global repository of information technology (IT) research and development, solutions sector team, joined the Seaton Securities in 2016, the fourth wealth of the team in 17 and 19, and the credit card in 2020.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.