"In 2021, a friendly network was used to report a persistent shock from a stick client, which broke down on 19 August 2021, with a determined transformation of small and medium-sized clients.
▪ High growth in revenues from cloud-plus software, and strategic breakthroughs in transformation: corporate revenues from H1 in 2021 grew steadily from financial operations, while non-recurring profit-and-loss zones, such as smooth and easy transfers, accounted for 51.0 per cent of total business income, and corporate revenues from cloud-based operations exceeded revenues from software operations for the first time.
Business structures and income structures have changed qualitatively, marking a breakthrough in the corporate cloud transformation strategy.
The company’s dominant position in the customer markets of large firms has been further strengthened. The overall performance of the products in the core areas of friends against the standard, international advanced manufacturers, individual scenes have made a single-point breakthrough. The size of the company’s customers is increasing.
Headlines continue to break through, with China Nuclear Group, Paulie Group, Shinoto Software, China Sea Oil Information, among others, contracting a group of Chinese corporate and industry champions in the first half of the year, fully validating the competitiveness of their products and their absolute leadership in the big business sector.
The customer market achieved a 10.3 per cent, 5.5 per cent and a 0.5 per cent increase in revenues from cloud operations, respectively.
Full application by industry enterprises, awarded by the Ministry of Industry and Informatics, “In-depth report on cross-industry industries 2020: using platforms, Internet platforms” to achieve two consecutive years of penetration; in 2021, companies upgraded industrial connectivity again
`Type' Ecology 2021-08-05 Web-based research and development technology, fully integrated with erp, mes, plm, alot, industrial brain applications, with 2, `Friends Network (600588),
The new five technology engines drive the development of a friendly and intelligent industry Internet platform.
2021-07-17 Capturing medium-sized enterprises, bringing new business market space and growth logic.3 Affiliation Network (600588): one season
▪ The ecological strategy is gradually being implemented: the friendly focus on the integrated operation of the “saas+paas+isv cloud ecology” accelerates the bio-integrated development of the bip and contributes to the success of the partner.
yonstore, in its role as a platform for online and offline integrated marketing services and online marketing portals, is expected to develop more than 9,000 host partners and 14,000 resident products and services, making it a leader in the country.
There is a clear pre-emptive advantage to the online and sub-line integrated corporate services cloud ecological platform. The multiplicity of friendly products, the clarity of client strategies, and the strength of large firms’ clients, the long-term know-how accumulation, have become a core competitive barrier.
+ The development and performance of the “ecological” strategy, the scale and quality of the use of friend income will continue to improve.