The three-quarterly review of the python pelicans (002601) shows market opportunities for “unbalanced” conflict resolution, s064051510101
The industrial poles will benefit from a deep and substantial increase, mainly due to the failure of the statements for the same period of the previous year to consolidate the data of the dragon industry and the increase in profits from price increases in major products since last year, and their performance is in line with expectations.
The opportunity of “unbalanced development” is evident that the demand side of titanium powder will continue to grow steadily over the long term. On the domestic front, a step-by-step solution to the paradox of “unbalanced development” between regions and rural and urban areas will support steady growth in titanium demand over the long term: the foundations of less developed provinces.
The demand for the future of titanium powder for the construction of installations and the implementation of the Village Renewal Strategy will continue to be very positive; the gradual advancement of urbanization and the rising consumption of the country will also stimulate secondary demand for paint, plastics, ink, etc.
The demand for titanium powder is increasing, for example, in July 2017, when Indian titanium imports amounted to 23,000 tons, an increase of 15 per cent compared to the increase in demand in the European and American markets.
At the same time, the secondary demand for paints in large stocks of industrial goods is increasing, market demand is stable in aggregate, and demand in North America is 1.8 million tonnes/year, and in the European Union it is 1.5 million tonnes/year. According to the Customs Administration, the cumulative export of titanium powder was 53.55 tons in January-August 2017.
As domestic supply-side reforms and environmental tightening, the acid method will gradually shrink capacity, and companies will focus on developing higher technology.
The company has a capacity of 60,000 tonnes/year of chlorinated titanium powder, which will be expanded by two 100,000 tonnes/years, for a total of 200,000 tonnes/year of chlorinated powder. The company has already laid out new materials in the rare earth, titanium titanium titanium powder.
Projects like titanium titanium, titanium alloys, etc. are being planned to take a technological lead. Risk factors: titanium powder prices are falling, titanium prices are higher than expected, environmental and safe production risks, dragons and clairvoyants are integrating risks.