The rise in product activity is expected to continue with the southwest securities research and development centre.
• Events: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2017, which resulted in operating income of $7.55 billion, an increase of 272 per cent over the reporting period; net return profit of $1.92 billion, an increase of 1508 per cent over the same period, with q3 having achieved a significant increase in the price of titanium powder and a larger size of the dragon.
This was accompanied by a sharp increase in the supply and demand balance of titanium powder markets in the first three quarters, a sustained rise in product prices, and a tax average of $18,123 per ton in the first three quarters of company titanium powder products, an increase of 42.6 per cent over the same period last year.
We believe that the domestic demand for titanium powder is stable, and that the international titanium powder giants raise prices in favour of good domestic exports, and that the demand for titanium powder is expected to remain good.
In view of the current increase in production capacity, 17 years of no-scale additional capacity releases, the environmental expansion of sulphuric acid devices, and the subsequent increase in chlorination, which has yet to be achieved, we believe that titanium powder production will continue at a low rate over the next two to three years.
The company now has 560,000 tonnes of titanium per year, the only titanium powder industry in Asia and the world to have both acid and chlorination in the country.
The company's titanium powder system is working well, which means that, in the context of environmental repression of sulphuric acid, the company has the right to expand its production, which is conducive to a further increase in its market share. The company has a larger, more stable supply of raw materials.
At the same time, the company has completed its acquisition of the raccoon company, which further boosts the self-sufficiency ratio of the original material. We believe that the company is an absolute titanium powder giant in the country, with a strong resource, technology, and profitability, and that the price premium is expected to continue against the background of a history of continuous improvement in the industry.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals. Three-quarters product prices have been slightly reduced, companies have been adjusted to profit projections, and 1.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.