The first-season efficiency gains were significant, with year-to-year increases expected: On April 28, 2025, Xianxuan was able to issue the annual 2024 and the quarterly 2025 editions, Xianx99.sh.
Throughout 2024, the company achieved business income of 35.850 billion yuan, a decline of 16.89 per cent over the same year, and a significant quarterly cost improvement for the Liu Po Coal, Iron and Steel Industry Research Assistant, which is expected to benefit less during the year.
The impact of such factors as rehabilitation and increased security, with the company ' s original coal production of 57.28 million tons in 2024, has recovered from the same level of coal sales since the beginning of the year, but remains at a low level, with the company ' s coal business at a reduced price in 2025, 2024 and a year-long price of 646 yuan per ton of coal sold.
Coal prices continued to move down, with a price of 543 tons/tons per quarter, a further decline of about 100 yuan/tons per quarter compared to the year 2024; costs improved considerably, with a cost of 340 yuan/tons per quarter of coal, Sinda Securities Inc.
The company is strategically expanding its resources to supplement the existing mine for short periods of time. The company insists on developing cindasecuritiesco.ltd, which aims to accelerate resource expansion, project construction, technological adaptation, M & A restructuring, industrial extension, production.
In Beijing, the city's west-city district, the Golden House No. 127 A. Wumenxi Street has been upgraded to promote the growth of the coal-fired industry, the upgrading of the industry, the improvement of the product structure, and the improvement of the overall capacity for development.
In August 2024, the company announced a total of RMB 12.26 billion in coal prospecting rights in the upper horse blocks of the western province of Jingdang province, and coal resources amounting to 8157.5 per cent.
Tens of thousands of tons of dollars, and the transaction has yet to be confirmed with the Shanxi Natural Resources Department.
In 2024, the company ' s share of cash was 50 per cent of the net profits attributable to the general shareholders of the listed company, with a cash share of 1,226 million yuan and a dividends rate of about 50 per cent of the market value as at 28 April.
The cash coverage of interest-bearing debt is 277 per cent, reflecting the company's excellent asset quality and robust profit forecasting and investment rating: we believe that the Quantium Ring can be used as a leader in the domestic blow-up industry, coal \triangleright
High cash coverage of carbon assets, interest-bearing debt, combined with growth in output and growth in output and a high proportion of cash, has a high growth potential while businesses are operating robustly. We expect companies to have 2025-\triangleright.
He was a member of the Executive Committee of the China Price Association of Coal Prices, a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, and for more than 10 years, he worked as a research consultant in coal and energy-related fields.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, June 2016, joined with the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Henging Securities Economics and Finance Institute.
He has worked for many years in coal mining, technology management, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry and upstream and downstream research.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of China's Institute of Technology on petrochemicals, and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption. The editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060: completion of the study on “Cultural carbon peaks in petrochemical industries and implementation pathways” and participated in the planning of the oil and gas industry in China's ministries and the construction of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for major energy research and research in the petrochemical sector. Kwok Shei, Beijing University Environmental Engineering/National University of Singapore Chemical Double Master of Science, Beijing Master of Environmental Engineering, five years in environmental engineering.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, and Bachelor of Arts, University of Tianjin, in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sunda Securities Study in June 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental studies Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Master of Accounting, Lee Wei, cpa, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in coal and coal.
Li Dong, Master of Arts in Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry, Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
In July 2023, Liu Po, a major management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors without, without, and without, any direct or indirect relevance to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.