Shanghai Airport (600009.sh): Stewardship for profit and elastic performance of international passenger climbers
The company's assets are “Shanghai East Airport” and “Shanghai net profit of $829 million, which is a gain of $3.076 billion compared to last year's loss. The company seized Rainbow Bridge Airport last four quarters and owned the airport's terminal and runway.
Afterward net profits - 101 million, 208 million, 348 million and 370 million, respectively - have been raised quarterly with the special properties of the aviation industry, with operations concentrated in the management of the two main airports in Shanghai and the restoration of other international routes.
Ground security operations. The company, drawing on the pioneering experience of the civil aviation industry at home and abroad, has built up its own safety-related work features, which has led to a significant increase in air revenue; in 2023, passengers at Pudong Airport resumed their toll.
The overall management system, comprising 54,480,000 security policies, risk management, and security, amounted to 71.5 per cent of the 7,615 million in 19 years, of which passengers on domestic routes are fully guaranteed, promoted, and so on.
Over 2019, the number of passengers on international routes was 38.6 per cent for the same period in 19 years, and in the past year, international passenger traffic continued to be innovative and transparent in terms of internal management and efforts to recover. In January-February 24, international passenger traffic at Pudong Airport amounted to 71.2 per cent and 71.2 per cent, respectively, for the same period in 19 years.
By providing an excellent airport truth service experience for foreign and Chinese travellers, 85.4%, it can be ascertained that 24 years of company international passenger-related revenue will increase significantly over 23 years.
Income grew by 74.8 per cent, while passenger-related income increased by 245.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a large difference between the losses caused by the increased number of cargo flights at airports to compensate for the shortage of passenger flights during the epidemic and the overall rate of passenger arrivals over 23 years, which was higher than 22 years.
The tax-exempt income increased relatively significantly, but there was some difficulty in returning to its 19-year high: during the reporting period, the company ' s non-air revenue increased by 6,671 million yuan, or 82.3 per cent over the same period, including 2,431 million yuan in commercial catering income, or 334 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a significant increase in tax-exempt income.
There is still a significant difference between the total equity/flowa shares of $5.21 billion over the same period of year. Given the 19-year tax-exempt agreement combined sales ratio, the overall increase is lower than in 19 years, and we expect this year to increase with the number of passengers on international routes.
With a significant increase, tax-exempt income continues to grow significantly over 23 years, but in the short term it is intended to revert to 19 years of high profit projections and investment ratings: the company is expected to recover rapidly over the next two years as the productivity utilization rate increases and non-air operations, such as tax-exempt operations, advertising, etc.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Shanghai Airport (6000.09.sh): Breaking down is a profit, and international passenger climbs bring elastic performance.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the Shanghai Airport (60.009.sh): overcoming the loss to a profit, and the elasticity of the international tourist population.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, University of Gangan, Master of Financial Mathematics, eight years of experience in investment studies, 2015-2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Shanghai Airport (600009.sh): Breaking down the losses, international passenger climbs bring elastic performance and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.