Larger shares (600160.sh) The price of refrigerants continues to rise, the company's level of profitability continues to improve.
In three quarters, the refrigerant consumption was low, the refrigerant sales were lower but the price was higher, the net profit was 68% higher in the first three quarters of 2024, the net profit was 65% higher in the third quarter, and the ring was 19% lower in the third quarter. According to the company announcement, in the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved business income of $17,906 million, compared to +11.83%, the net return was net.
On the other hand, as a result of the low season of traditional consumption of refrigerants in the third quarter, there was a decline in the company’s quarterly sales round, but output was lower.
The price of goods has increased and the structure has been optimized. In the domestic trade, r32, the price of products has risen faster as a result of the use of annual production quotas, r125, r134a, etc., due to the degeneration of historical social stocks, foreign trade, the rapid recovery of volume prices as a result of the deflating of historical social stocks, and the increase in prices at the end of the quarter.
The traditional refrigerant consumption ended in a mild season, the new cold year opened, and the company ' s fluorine market maintained a good upturn. In the third quarter of 2024, the company achieved 1411/850 million tonnes of refrigerant production/distribution, +22 per cent/+10 per cent, ring ratio - 17 per cent-10 per cent, respectively; and price, according to our market price index, as of 30 September, the country ' s converts
Quarterly increases in the refrigerant market price index (compared to 1 January) amounted to 42 per cent (domestic market prices). R22, r32 were influenced by domestic air-conditioning demand, supply-side quota tightening, and prices rose significantly in 2024. By 30 September, r22 stood at $29,500 per ton, 56 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year.
The average price of the company ' s product-end refrigerant plate was $28,152 for three quarters. Larger shares (600160.sh) - three generation refrigerant quotas were tightened, product prices were substantial. Fluorine-based fine chemicals were replenished, with business income increasing by 144%. Fluorine fine chemistry in the third quarter of 2024.
Magnificent shares (600160.sh) - Lead refrigerant landscape recovery, average value of net mother-to-manufacturer products for the quarter, 38 per cent increase in ring value, 32 per cent decrease in comparison, 14 per cent decrease in external sales volume ring ratio, same as Giant shares (600160.sh) - Consolidation of HFC giants, leading to refrigerants
The average ring ratio for fluorine polymers, food packaging materials, and basic chemical products shows a different degree of return: Giant Shares (60160.sh) - proposed to buy 51% of flying chemical industry shares for $1.4 billion, Giant Shares (600160.sh) - traditional low seasons are still well run, with three generations of refrigerant viewing.
Refrigerant downstream demand remains large, with the “old-for-new” assistive automobile industry rejuvenating. Four quarters of 2023, boosted by a combination of factors such as traditional refrigerant readiness seasons, advanced businesses and low market stocks, and the expected landing of a quota programme, refrigerant prices have gone up the road since February 2024.
In the second half of 2024, domestic sales continued to grow, and export markets were affected by rapid growth in emerging markets, particularly in South-East Asia and Latin America.
According to data from the National Statistical Office, in September 2024, China produced 1,884,000 air conditioners, an increase of 16.92 per cent in the same year; in January-September, the cumulative production was 21.02 million, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year. According to industry, 1.213 million air conditioners were sold in September 2024, an increase of 21.4 per cent in the same year.
6.1 million internal sales, 7 per cent more than the same year, and 6.02 million exports, 40 per cent more than the same year. With three generations of refrigerants entering the quota-restricted year, we see that the refrigerant industry will remain at a relatively high level over a longer period of time, and that megashares, as the country's top producer of three generations of refrigerant markets, are expected to be sufficient.
In the long run, the global air-conditioning market continues to grow, and industries such as cold chains/heat pumps/new energy vehicles will continue to open the space for refrigerant demand. The high-value-added products of the fluorine industry will inject dynamism into the company’s long-term growth.
Chemical materials development, high-end extension of industrial chains, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, continued optimization of industrial structure, product structure, and increased core competitiveness and competitive position. In the case of four generations of refrigerants, companies will continue to develop and develop in the future, in addition to actively transforming third-generation HFC refrigerants into business advantages.
Lowgwp new refrigerant and blending varieties, such as HFC4: Polymeric materials, company notes, strong chain stretching, completion of intra-property rights, assets and operations of the HFC and polymer industries, enhancement of the level and efficiency of the portfolio. Companies continue to innovate, strengthen core competitiveness, and future.
The market for high-value products such as HFC refrigerants, fluorine polymers, pvdc-ma resins, fluorine fluids, etc. will also be expanded. We hope that companies will develop further in the future with a high-quality focus on the advantage of fluorinated workers.
This year, under the influence of fluorinated polymers, food packaging materials, etc., we carefully revised the company ' s profit forecast by three quarters for the low season of refrigerant consumption, reduced refrigerant sales by three quarters but boosted prices, returned to the mother during the third quarter of 2024, with an operating income of $17,906 million, or +11.83 per cent, and achieved a net return to the mother of $1,258 million, or +68.40 per cent.
Realization of the net profit from deduction to the parent of $1,184 million, or +71.89 per cent. The third quarter of the total, the company achieved a faster growth in revenue and profits and a gradual improvement in the level of Māori sales and net interest rates. Figure 2: Larger single-season operating income and the rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
For refrigerants, due to the low season of traditional consumption of refrigerants in the third quarter, the company ' s quarterly sales ratio has declined, but prices have increased and the structure has been optimized. Among these, in the interior, r32 has been used more rapidly because of the excess annual production quota and prices have risen faster, r125, r134a, etc. due to the degeneration of historical social stocks;
In foreign trade, prices rebounded rapidly as historical social stocks were deflated, and prices rose at the end of the quarter. In the fourth quarter, with the end of the traditional fluorinated refrigerant season and the opening of the new cold year, the company’s fluorinated refrigerant market was protected by tons of tons, i.e. +22/+10 per cent, ring – 17/-10 per cent, respectively; in terms of prices, we prepared market prices.
In the index, as of 30 September, the quarterly increase in the price index of the national credit industry refrigerant market (as compared to 1 January) reached 42 per cent (domestic market prices). R22, r32 were affected by domestic air-conditioning demand boosts, supply-side quotas tightened, prices rose significantly in 2024, and as of 30 September, the price of r22 was $29,500 per tonne.
The price was 29,000 yuan/tonne, an increase of 7 per cent from the beginning of the year, and the price of r134a was 32,500 yuan/tonne, an increase from the beginning of the year. The average price of fluorinated fine chemical products in the third quarter of the year was 61,375 yuan/tonne, an increase of 38 per cent in the ring, a decrease of 32 per cent in the same year, and a decline of 14 per cent in the export ring, a rise of 257 per cent in the same year.
The average ring ratio has been warming to varying degrees. Figure 5: Trends in net interest rates on mega-equity versus Māori rates, Figure 6: National Creditor Refrigerant Price Index (domestic market price)
Figure 7: Prices and price differentials for fluorine-hydrofluoric acids Figure 8: Price and price differentials for second-generation refrigerantr22 Figure 9: Price and price differentials for third-generation refrigerantr32
Figure 10: Price/price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r125 Figure 11: Price/price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r134a Figure 12: Price/price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r143a
Figure 13: Prices and price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r152a Figure 14: Prices and price differentials for two generations of refrigerant r142b Fluorine polymers, food packaging materials, average ring ratios for basic chemical products all warmed to varying degrees.
In the third quarter, the average price of basic chemical products/fluoropolymer materials/food packaging materials was the same as that of the company, which had a well-developed fluorinated industrial chain and formed the country’s leading cluster of new fluorinated materials.
In addition to effectively controlling costs and developing a global “1+3” operating layout for HFC refrigerants with a state port at its core, companies have been active in recent years in developing the reserves and applications of high-value product markets such as HFC-4 refrigerants, fluorine polymers, pvdcma resins, fluorinated fluids (perfluoropolyethers, hydrofluoroethers, etc.) and in building domestic markets for high-value products.
At this point, the refrigerant industry is already in the air. We look forward to the refrigerant industry, which will remain at a higher level for a longer period of time, with mega-stocks serving as the country's three-generation refrigerant market.
The highest share of producers is expected to benefit fully from industry opportunities. Moreover, high-value-added fluorinated industry products will inject dynamism into the company’s long-term growth.
In view of the pattern of the fluorine industry, the company has continued to outpace and now has a market share of about 35% in the three-generation refrigerant industry, and as a leader in the industry, it is leading a cyclical reversal. In view of the fluorine chemical and fluorinated materials industry, the living standards of our people are not good.
In terms of the company’s own internal benefits, the company has for many years continued to build up its capacity to build synergies in the multi-chemical industry through the development of advanced chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), high-end extension of the industrial chain, and a combination of multi-chemical industries.
This year, under the influence of fluorinated polymers, food packaging materials, etc., we carefully downplay corporate profit projections: pre-authors assure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author