Performance in the first three quarters continued to grow, and the refrigerant price remained high. \triangleright \triangleright October 25, 2024
The sales of ring-angled refrigerants, fluorinated fine chemicals and petrochemical materials have declined slightly.
Liu Lungi, supply-demand resonance, refrigerant prices are expected to remain high. At the supply end, eco-environment will increase by \triangleright in 2025.
On the basis of this year's quota results, the company is expected to receive nearly half of the additional quota. At the demand end, according to Ovi Clouds, August and September 2024, the low performance period has passed, waiting for the refrigerant plate to reverse the engine.
Retail sales totalled 8,548,000, an increase of 27.7 per cent over the same year, and the strong retail market also led to a sustained improvement in the Division ' s performance of 2024/04/18 enterprises, of which 13.14 million were households in November 2024, representing an increase of 33.6 per cent over the same period.
The year-round performance was in line with expectations, as were the repair of refrigerant plates and the production of 5.66 million internal products, an increase of 14.0% over the same period, export of 7.48 million products, an increase of 53.5% over the same year, and internal and external sales. Refrigerant prices are expected to remain high in the context of supply-demand resonance.
Investment proposals: the price of hfcs is rising, and we expect the company ' s profitability to be restored. We expect the methodology and analytical logic of \triangleright to lead to conclusions, to produce the report independently and objectively and to be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.