lunze technology (300442.sz) Active reserves of scarce energy and resource consumption, and steady progress in the construction and delivery of the IAC Corporation is experiencing idc upgrade to Aidc, with short-term pressure on performance.
The Centre has been upgraded to provide no service costs during the renovation, while depreciation costs are still being incurred, and the company has now gradually restored to its upper shelf, with the company ' s head-to-head high-quality clients being introduced into the company ' s head-to-head operations in 2024, as well as the fast-growing operations of the data centre ' s billing cabinets until the end of March 2025.
The company has attracted a large number of high-quality head-ai clients through a "dip strategy" and has gained deep trust through a fully tacked intelligence service. At present, the company's Kyoto, Long Triangle, and large.
The company has steadily advanced the construction and delivery of seven intelligence clusters, actively stockpiling scarce energy resources, and has applied for the country’s first idc service Reits. (1) The company has built seven intelligence infrastructures in six large regions of the country.
In late 2024, the company cumulatively delivered 14 computing centres and deployed about 82,000. This year, it is also expected to deliver Rainze Technologies (300442.sz) - the national layout with first results, pre-calculation data centres.
Five computing centres for a total of about 420mw (including 200mw for corridor b1, 100mw for plain lake b1, 80mw for two buildings in Foshan Park, and 40mw for Huezhou Park). (2) The company is still expanding its land energy consumption.
Resources, five of the company's seven parks (Kyojin Park, Long Triangle Park, Huixiang Park, Xiang Yu Tze Technology (300442.sz) - smart calculations are expanding well, traditional idc is steadily moving forward, Qing Park and Lanzhou Parks) have fully acquired energy-consuming resources, and the company's energy-consumption target reserves are 2023 in 2024.
Rainer Technology (300442.sz) - Project delivery is progressing steadily, with positive layouts increasing by about 130% by the end of the year. (3) The company applied for the first public fund-raising reits in the industry, through diversified financing.
Investment proposals: the company recently upgraded its aidc cabinet during a painful period, with a downward forecast of profits, and the company is expected to collect 1,198 million yuan in a single season, an increase of 21.4 per cent over the same period, and 32 per cent over the same period; the mother ' s net profit of 430 million yuan.
The idc low-power engine room renovation and the depreciation of the new machine room have resulted in short-term performance pressure. The primary reason for corporate idc performance in 2024 was the upgrading of the earlier delivery of several low-power data centres and the gradual enhancement of incentives to obtain orders quickly. 2) The additional delivery machine room has resulted in an increase in depreciation amortization.
The Division has now gradually restored to its upper shelf, and by the end of March 2025 the total capacity of the converted data centre billing cabinets had exceeded 90 per cent of the pre-reengineering capacity.
A large number of high-quality head-ai clients have been posted, and significant breakthroughs have been made in client diversity. At present, all the Arithmetic Centers that have been and are about to be delivered in the three main parks of the company, Kyunjin, the Long Triangle, and the Grand Bay, are on a schedule and are expected to be ready by 2025.
By the end of 2024, the company had handed over 14 computing centres, deploying about 82,000 containers and delivering 6,000 new cabinets throughout 2024. The former company had completed seven intelligence infrastructure clusters in six regions of the country, with a total of about 61 intelligence units.
The company is moving forward with the construction and delivery of seven intelligence infrastructure clusters throughout the country. In 2025, the company will do its best to ensure that the new generation of intelligence centres in the provinces of Kiryua, Pinghua, Fushan and Huezhou are able to secure their orders.
Expanding multiple sources of financing and accelerating the pooling of resources. The 14 computing centres that companies have delivered can provide a steady and steady net cash inflow, while companies indicate that bank credit lines are adequate and inter-bank financing channels open;
The first public collections of reits in the applicant industry have been processed by the SEC and the exchange, and are progressing well. Overall, the firm’s core advantages in terms of reserves and multiple sources of finance, based on the current state of decentralized competition in the industry, help speed up the horizontal M&A strategy, accelerate the pooling of high-quality resources in the industry and raise its market share.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject