Aidc has sufficient orders to initiate a horizontal expansion strategy Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) annual report 2024 shows that the company has achieved $4.365 billion in operating income throughout the year, a year-on-year increase
The paper shows that company q1 achieved operating income of 1,198 million yuan, an increase of 21.40 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $430 million, a decline of 9.29 per cent over the same period. In particular, based on increased competition for the company’s future business, price wars and homogeneity competition continued to warm up; on the other hand, the aic industry needed
The company's prices compare to 300 deep, and the company's upgrading of the low-power engine room by the window period has put pressure on the company's short-term performance, with the total capacity of the idc counter, which was modified by the end of March, exceeding 90 percent of the pre-reform capacity.
In addition, there has been a wave of high-performance numeracy module operations in the company’s front-run business, which are one-off operations, and the company has attracted a large number of head-ai clients through a fully fledged intelligence service. In follow-up, the company will urge performance payers to pay performance compensation.
• Industry: The traditional industry of idc is becoming more competitive, and the aidc is expected to start a new cycle of booms in supply, low prices, industry clean-ups, subsequent expansion of some suppliers with insufficient capacity or reduced quality of service, and the idc sector has gone through a four-to-five-year downward cycle.
At the moment, the market for low-capacity machines, which do not have the capacity to adapt, still has no clear signs of recovery, mainly because of the relatively limited flow-driven impact of the current state of the ai scene, the presence of more industries, the destocking caused by the shift from idc to aidc, and the passive uplifting of the build-up rate.
In terms of the aidc, IAC is the most indispensable link in the global ii industrial chain, where domestic light communications, servers, etc., grew rapidly in 2024, arithmetic clusters, construction of various types of support materials, such as cable, switchboard, etc., are also in short supply, and industrial chains are in short supply.
In the end, they all go to the aidc, so that the market demand for the aidc is strong, and the demand for an early, training-based, full-scale shift to reasoning is going to grow further. • Companies: The number of machines to be delivered is expected to increase significantly in the area of aidc
The company has been deployed in the six regions of the country, including Kyunjin (column), Long Triangle (Pinghu), Grand Bay (Foshan and Huixiang), Chengjing Economic Circle (Gongqing), Gansu (Lan) and Hainan (Hongzhou)
In the last two years, the company has added a total of about 240mw new delivery capacity, and this year it has been relatively clear that the 2.idc industry is warming up, aidic and liquid cooling utility.
The ratio totals approximately 420mw, with all of the currently delivered and about to be delivered machine houses being ordered to be ready for loading and maturing during the year. Meanwhile, companies will be engaged in long-range development over the next two years, and there may be new deliveries for horizontal mergers and acquisitions.
On the traditional idc side, the company relies on “low-energy-level costs for high-energy demand (clients in first-line cities and machine houses in their satellite cities), “self-investment, self-building, self-supporting, self-carriage industries (depreciation amortization, lower costs), and “super-large campus-level computing centres (including integrated halls, transformer stations, etc.)”
The corridor model has gained the industry’s agility and Maori aidc at the industry level, with intelligence clusters demanding more stringent demands on spatial concentration, network transfer design, density of arithmetic deployment, and operating support management.
There are advantages in space distance, network-plating design, route routes, management models, high power, etc. The company has already taken the lead in the model training of capai head companies by selling arithmetic modules, and the client's shift to reasoning companies will benefit first.
In the area of liquid cooling, the company has applied self-researched liquid cold technologies to the next generation of new IAC projects in multi-campus areas across the country, and has creatively completed the design of a multi-dimensional integration architecture smart cluster infrastructure with a single building area of about 22
A group of 130,000 cards with a power of more than 200 mw and a power of more than 130,000 within the theoretical distance limit is in the vanguard of the industry. The anti-sale of overseas computing chips, the lack of production capacity of national production chips, has led to a less-than-expected beat.
Using legitimate compliance information, the report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in the report are from open market information. I do not have any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor do I have any assurance that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.