On April 28, 2025, the company issued a report for the year 2024 & the quarter 2025.
\triangleright net profit for the mother is 430 million yuan, a decline of 9.29% in the year; net profit for the non-mother is 428 million yuan, a decline in the year.
At the end of \triangleright, the company had cumulatively delivered 14 arithmetic centres, deploying about 82,000 ark, with a capacity of more than 90% on mature arithmetic centres, and all delivered and forthcoming Arithmetic centres were ordered to go into production, 2025.
The company’s business has attracted a large number of head-ai clients through a “dip strategy” and has gained deep trust in the customers of the ai through a fully fledged intelligence service. With the rise of the aidc competition, the profit space for the sale of high-performance computing modules has fallen dramatically, the company will gradually reduce its investment in this type of business.
100mw and 200mw in the porch park alone, two new generation intelligence centres, will be completed in 2025, with scarce resources expanded and carbon-enhanced. In 2024, the company continued to expand the energy use of land, etc.
Core resource elements to ensure the steady functioning of the park-level computing infrastructure cluster. By the end of 2024, the energy consumption target reserve of the Ministry of Justice had increased by about 130 per cent from the end of 2023.
Parks, Long Triangle Parks, Hyezhou Parks, Chongqing Parks and Lanzhou Parks) have been built, are under construction, projects are in progress, projects are pending construction have been completed with the required energy consumption, and two other parks have been built and construction projects are under way with the required energy consumption.
In 2024, the company fully applied its own new generation of cool-board liquid cooling technologies to the National Multi-Current New Generation Idea Center project, which achieved a high density of 40 kw or more in single cabinets.
The data centres are expected to continue to grow in the light of industrial trends such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and 5g.
Consider the company industry, 3. YunzeTech (300442.sz) and maintain a “recommended” rating for the first quarter of 2024.
5. In-depth report on Yunzer Science and Technology (300442.sz): Park level methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independently and objectively presents the present report and is responsible for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, research recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.