\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
A small decline in the same ring ratio is due to increased competition in the market. The net interest rate of the company was 7.47 per cent, as a result of a fallback in expenditure associated with the Dofunail scheme on the same ring scale, and the change in the financial cost ratio and the ring ratio was due to a change in the current exchange rate.
The product structure continues to optimize the robust growth of multiple operations. The product structure of the company continues to optimize, with engine, \triangleright 1.  fuelwood power (000338.sz) series rating six:25q
The engine has been well developed, with 2 performances in line with the expected accelerated transition of engine taps - 2025/2025h1 - selling 36.2 million units, of which the M series has accumulated over 5,000 engines.
The foreign subsidiary, the German Keisu Group, 2025q3, achieved an overall revenue of 2,704 million euros, resulting in a net profit of 119 million euros \triangleright, the Ministry of Transport, the National Development and Reform Commission, and the Ministry of Finance issued a joint circular on the implementation of the end-of-life renewal of the old operational trucks.
4. Remark III, series of firewood power (000338.sz): 24q subsidy extension to heavy gas cards and operational trucks with the following emission standards. 3 performances are consistent with the expected diversification of operations - 2024/
We believe that the expansion of the subsidy coverage is expected to promote natural 5.
Increased gas engine penetration, driving domestic demand. Investment proposal: companies are leading the domestic engine sector, upgrading their products by constantly extending their own product lines \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.