Xinhua Insurance (601331) Quarterly Review 2017.
Total investment return, in fact 17q1 combined investment return, increased on a year-on-year basis)
In recent years, companies have made more progress in transforming their risk channels than expected: 1) high-value business growth from one risk channel has begun to rise: 17q1 new.
The strategy is of strategic importance: it will help companies to effectively control the cost of financing their liabilities + to save low-value operations on capital consumption for the long-term profitability of the company.  17-year replenishment of reserves will have a bottom-up impact on performance.
The impact of the reserve replenishment on pre-tax profits for the entire 17-year period (assuming no adjustment to the liquidity premium assumptions and basis of calculation and maintaining the current level of interest rates on national debt) is measured at around $5 billion, and the pressure on the reserve replenishment is concentrated on the first three quarters of the 17th year, with a significant decline in the impact on industry,
The major rollover is expected, the 18-year replenishment of the reserve is fully cleared, and the performance is expected to be rated at the Xinhua Insurance Report 2016: a high payout, a faster than expected increase and a start to the strategic transition.
2. Xinhua Insurance three-quarterly review in 2016: Focus period. Business strategy for payback continues. Corporate performance of 17q1 meets market expectations. Growth of new payouts of insurance periods begins to increase.
3. Xinhua Insurance Report mid-2016: high-value periods
4. Xinhua Insurance Quarterly Review 2016: Core High Division effectively controls end-of-debt costs and long-term profitability is expected to increase significantly.
At the bottom of the absolute scale, the security margin is extremely high. In the short run, 17 years of performance are expected to trigger a two-generation payout for good value, and the company's valuation is expected to be substantially higher, and we believe that the company's reasonable valuation is:
7. Xinhua Insurance reported a mid-2015 rating: new business prices 1. Long-end interest rates hit a fast down; 2. The new Xinhua Insurance Regulations drive increased competition in the silver insurance channel.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board