The power station system, which is the leader of the PV Reverser, is growing at a high rate, and the storage and energy operations are expanding at a steady pace, with a relatively stable expansion abroad. The company Reverser has always maintained its position in the industry, with its output at one and two, with a domestic market share of close to 30%, in addition to that.
Photovoltaic inverters are not yet inverted, and the share of overseas markets has been increasing year after year since the company was listed, and has remained stable. In 2017, the volume of corporate inverters was 16.5gw, of which the overseas market is 3.3gw.
There has been a high rate of growth in power station operations, poverty alleviation, and household advantage. In recent years, the company’s power station operations have been booming, with the runners, and in September 2017, the company obtained a technical product certification certificate for the photovoltaic reverse transformer “leaders” and also won a bid in the third group of runners’ base for the Tsingnan and Tai-Ton base.
In the field of photovoltaic poverty alleviation, the company has successfully integrated several photovoltaic poverty alleviation demonstration projects, with total equity/flow (million shares) distributed mainly in 11 poor districts in the 5 provinces of Anhui, Shandong, Hubei, Jiangxi and Hebei.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) Total installed capacity of projects in excess of 470 mw, with the largest single-size projects in Lake Kitano City 70 mw, 12 months maximum/minimum (million yuan)
Ani Yuan 70mw, the smallest single-body household power station only 3 kw, each project became an important window model for accurate poverty alleviation in the district (300274) Sunshine Power.
In terms of household use, the company has created the Sunhome global brand, which enables the household to use the fluorescent market. (300274) The annual report is evaluated on a quarterly basis - according to the company's plan, its channels are designed to cover the three levels of city and county networks in the short term.
By the end of 2018, the network of agents in 10 provinces is expected to form a network of 1,000 district-level households in towns and villages.
By 2018, solar power is expected to reach 30-50 million households, and domestic markets are about to break out for energy pre-positioners. With the help of the three-star world's leading storage technology, companies have joined forces so that solar power can be a key player on the road to storage for energy invertors.
As a new business, since 2016, there has been considerable progress in the collection of the company's reserves in just a year. According to the company's annual report of 2017, the amount of the storage of the reversible transformers during the reporting period is close to 65 million.
Markets, where companies have great potential for development in energy storage, have a clear pre-existing advantage. Profit predictions: companies, as pioneers of photovoltaic reverse transformers, still stand in the face of technological advantages and cost advantages in the multi-wheel shuffling of cards in the photovoltaic industry, and through technological synergies and synergies.
Markets are working together to expand their operations to wind power, storage energy, and new energy vehicles, creating a good basis for companies to grow and grow their performance. As the photovoltaic industry approaches the Internet at par, the industry as a whole is highly valued, and the company should enjoy it as a leader in the photovoltaic industry.
The power station system and the storage power industry are growing at a high rate of $1 billion, $1.818 billion and $2,229 million, respectively, with the corresponding rates of 18 times, 14 times, and the power supply system and storage capacity at a high rate of growth at a high rate of 18 times, 14 times, respectively.
Photovoltaic Reverse transformer (PVC) taps, solid power station systems and storage energy operations are growing high-speed, photovoltaic reversor companies, top-notch solutionrs, Sunshine Power Co. Ltd. (stock code: 300274) are new ones focusing on solar, wind, storage, power stations, etc.
The main products are photovoltaic converters, wind converters, energy storage systems, new energy vehicle-driven systems, and are dedicated to providing the world’s first-class solution for photovoltaic power plants. On 28 November 1997, sunlight power was established, with the main product being photovoltaic reverses.
In 1998, for the first time, an autonomous photovoltaic control inverter was used for the construction of a railway in the South Frontier. In 2002, it undertook a national “power-to-town” project to deliver solar power to unelectrified areas in the west. In 2003, the company developed China's first photovoltaic inverter with autonomous intellectual property rights to generate electricity in Shanghai.
In 2004, the project “Industrialization of photovoltaic/wind power generation control reverse systems” received the first prize for scientific and technological progress in Anhui Province; in 2006, it took on the priority theme of the 863 national plan, the development of large-scale and network-based reversors; and the development of wind energy transformers and more than 1.5 mw, the 11th Five-Year National Science and Technology Support Programme.
On November 2, 2011, the company was officially listed at the deep encounter. In 2012, Lefobbs, “China’s most promising company in 2012”
In 2013, the national standards for photovoltaic reverse transformers, drafted under the auspices, were officially published. In 2014, Korea’s three stars worked together to develop and produce energy storage equipment and to expand the new energy storage market.
In 2017, a new mission was established to “get clean electricity for all” and to “become a global leader in clean power conversion technology” (ii) the equity structure and shareholder background with the largest shareholding by Chairman Cao In-hyun, which reached 31.14% of total equity. The largest shareholder is the Shangq equity partner in Xinjiang.
Businesses, which account for 5.25% of total equity. Most of the partners in this institution are executives of companies working on solar power. The distribution of this equity has ensured a certain degree of cohesion in the core team.
(iii) Technological synergies and market synergies to usher in an era of innovation
In terms of technological synergies, the company extends its operations to wind-power transformers, photovoltaic storage systems, and new energy vehicle-driven systems. In terms of market synergies, the company extends its operations to photovoltaic downstream power stations and solutions involving large earth-based photovoltaic power stations, distributed photovoltaic power stations, home-based photovoltaic power stations, etc.
The main contribution to the company’s current revenue is from two major operations, the Photovoltaic Inverter and the Power Station System. (1) Photovoltaic Inverter Products and Solutions.
60gw. This includes, inter alia, a combination of photovoltaic inverters, centralized photovoltaic inverters, integration programmes (photovoltile inverters, transects (selection), medium-voltage transformers, rim cabinets, system surveillance, fire alarms, environmental monitoring (selection) and a large number of communication cables, control transversals, photovoltaic accessories, energy management platforms (through cloud computing, large data platforms for photovoltaic power plants)
In addition, the company started its smart solar solution business based on a photovoltaic reverse transformer, which is one of the main components of the photovoltaic system, connecting the photovoltaic arrays to the grid, which is the key to ensuring the long-term reliable operation of the photovoltaic power station and enhancing the return on investment in the project. The public division reasonably selects the reverse transformer type based on factors such as the size of the PV station, its attachment to the building and terrain, and guarantees that the PV is standing throughout the life week.
The application scenario includes household/village power stations, commercial roof power stations, complex hill power stations, large ground power stations (2) Photovoltaic power station solutions The company closely combines clean energy technologies with electrical, storage, cloud computing technologies to provide photovoltaic power to customers
Station development, design, construction, trading, intelligent transport, etc., covers the entire life cycle of photovoltaic stations. These include large ground-based photovoltaic stations, distributed photovoltaic stations and home photovoltaic stations. (3) Wind energy transformers
The company’s wind transformer products cover 1,500–10,000kw power levels with voltage levels of 690v,3300v, including full power, wind and double-dip wind transformers, and cover the country’s mainstream windmills. For various windfield environments, such as salt fog, high cold, high plateau, coastal, and high humidity, cumulative applications exceed 5gw.
The storage energy product of the storage energy product and the solution company consists of storage energy reversors, lithium batteries, energy management systems and storage energy accessories.
In addition, companies can provide storage system solutions based on storage energy products that allow energy to move and promote new energy applications; can create microgrids to provide electricity in unelectrified areas; and can enhance the stability of the operation of the power system by modeming peaks. Thus, storage systems are of strategic importance for the construction of smart grids, including energy transfer applications, microgrid applications, electricity.
(v) The new energy automobile-driven system The company has accumulated deep R & D and technological advantages in power switching technology through years of inverter business.
In the light of the trend towards the development of energy vehicles, companies are now developing new energy vehicle control systems and vehicle-loaded power distribution products, both technologically and in reverse. The company's power control systems are currently mainly accompanied by new domestic energy commercial vehicles and passenger vehicles, with customers including Jianghuai, Congtai, Ankay, Jiang Zing, etc.
With sustained investment, it is hoped that imports will be replaced by high-quality entry into the mainstream domestic vehicle supply system. After a few years of layout, the company’s power and control operations are expected to reach a harvest this year. In the future, with the rapid growth of new energy vehicles, the company’s power and control operations will grow at a steady rate, with a steady increase in revenue and a steady increase in profitability.
Business income and operating costs have increased steadily over the same period, mainly because of the faster growth in power station systems integration operations and reverse transformer overseas sales operations. Higher sales costs are attributable mainly to the significant increase in sales personnel in companies during the current period to open their businesses, higher sales staff salaries and related office fees, travel costs, etc. The higher management costs are attributable mainly to the salaries of managers and related costs
The growth in office fees, travel, etc., and the increase in research and development costs and employee equity incentives are the result of the company’s annual 2017 report. According to the company’s annual report, the company achieved business income, operating profits, total profits, and ownership in 2017.
At the same time, the company's performance remained strong in the first quarter of 2018, with an operating income of $1.706 billion, an increase of 36.81 per cent over the same period;
Reverser masters are growing steadily, domestic relative stability and rapid external expansion (i) Reverser oligopolies have developed, companies are strong, usually call the process of converting exchange power into direct current power, and the circuits of the reflux function are called straight circuits.
The device of the actual flow process is referred to as a stubble device or a stubbler, and the corresponding process of converting the direct stream to an exchange power is called a reverse change, and the circuit that completes the reverse function is referred to as a reverse circuit, and the device that actually reverses the process is referred to as a reverse device or a reverse changer. The photovolt reverse transforms the direct flow from the photovoltaic component into a sine current, with the load connected to or integrated into the grid, and is the nuclear of the photovoltaic system.
Between kw and ~1mw, the greatest characteristic is the high power of the system, which applies to large photovoltaic power stations or large roof power stations on the ground with even light light, with high product and technical maturity and low cost. The set of reversors has become the most popular in the international market, with each photovoltile chain (1-5kw) tracking through a reverse transformer with maximum power peaks at the straight flow end, and is connected at the exchange end.
Many large photovoltaic plants use cluster inverters. The advantage is not to be influenced by inter-cluster module differences and shades, while reducing the mismatch between the best point of the photovoltaic component and the inverter, thereby increasing the amount of power generated. Compared to the centralized inverter, the length of the direct-flow cable of the system using the cluster inverter is reduced, the influence of the inter-cluster invisibility and the loss due to the inter-cluster differences are minimized.
The investment cost of the cluster inverter is moderate and applies to all types of ground photovoltaic stations or bapv/bipv, product maturity, installation of the maintenance plant Platoon Reverse in a secure power station system with a high rise in the spread of storage energy operations
In recent years, the pressure of photovoltaic parities to access the Internet has led to a downward trend in the price of photovoltaic systems, which, as an important zero component of photovoltaic systems, is also inevitable. In a price battle, only technologically advanced and cost-restricted.
China now has half of the world’s market for new light-voltage machines every year, with huge market space and intense competition over volume and prices. At present, the domestic market for light-voltage inverters has a preponderant monopoly.
Technological innovation, a positive-reduced photovoltaic transformer, has also proved its strength to some extent. Sun power has always maintained its position in the industry, where the share of solar power and China in the domestic market has now exceeded 60% in total, the most stable market pattern of all photovoltaic products.
In terms of price, after several price upheavals, the price of the reverse has stabilized, with the current price of the centralized inverter at $ 0.18-0.25/watt, and the chain inverter at $ 0.3-0.45/watt.
In recent years, with the rise of distributed power stations in the country, the company has adjusted its product structure in a timely manner, shifting its focus towards clustering, and the restructuring of the company’s products has increased its income and profitability. (ii) Technology costs have led to a positive deployment of overseas markets.
Sunshine power sources are home-grown by inverters and are also based on inverters. Over the years, the business has been growing at a high rate, with a compound rate of growth of about 29.19 per cent from its listing until the end of 2017. Specifically, in 2011, the output of Sunshine Reverters fell from 0.88 to 0.22 perw, but its income increased threefold, with gross profits.
China’s markets, though large, focus only on the domestic market, and are not the ultimate goal of an enterprise. Only by entering the world market and competing with manufacturers with advanced technology and deep experience abroad can a firm be further enhanced.
Over the years, Chinese manufacturers have been active in opening up world markets, and our globalization strategy has been further advanced, with a strong power station system and storage capacity in the middle of the spectrum. The managers face negative policies, such as a “double-reverse” policy, and domestic producers are confidently continuing to move forward.
In addition, Sunshine Power has established 10 overseas branches, including manufacturing powers such as Japan, Germany, and the United States, whose competitiveness abroad is evident.
In 2017, the company's invertor output was 16.5gw, of which the overseas market was 3.3gw. It is expected that overseas operations will increase by between 50 and 100% in 18 years as the company expands further into the overseas market.
(i) Actively participating in the pilot base bidding process, which began in 2012 with explosive growth in the construction of photovoltaic power plants. With this significant benefit, a large number of photovoltaic companies have increased their investment in and construction of the pepc project.
China’s five largest epc companies installed 5.2gw in 2016, representing only 17% of the total market share, and the lubricant rate has been reduced to 5%. Under this fierce competition, Sun power sources, with their own advantages, began to develop and layout the power station system integration project in order to move away from a single profit model based on inverters, starting in 2013.
The main forms of participation include a pilot base, a light-voltage poverty alleviation and a home-based photovoltaic market. After several years of effort, the project has already received more than half of the company’s total revenues, and the company has increased its level of Maori through various modes of epc+bt, which also shows the potential for solar power to develop in the integration of power station systems.
The Phosphoto-reverse transformer tap, solid power station system and storage power operations are growing at a high rate. The Phosphoto Lead Runner Scheme is a special photovoltaic support programme to be implemented by the National Energy Agency starting in 2015 and each year thereafter. The technology and components used in the Pilot Scheme are the most advanced technology and products in the industry to build ownership.
When a company's products are added to the Photovoltaic Lead Runner Scheme, some of the state's electricity projects will give priority to the “leader” advanced technology products, and all governments will give the government an inclined view of the policy. So, if an electric company takes the lead in the Phosphoto Runner Scheme, it can still operate, technologically or technically.
As a photovoltaic company that started with a reverse transformer, it was certified in September 2017 as an advanced technology product for a photovoltaic reverse transformer. Moreover, the contribution of solar power to the pilot’s base epc project not only reflects its combined capabilities in the photovoltaic industry.
China’s “13th Five-Year Plan” integrates photovoltaic poverty reduction into priority projects, with a total size of 15gw. The aim of photovoltaic poverty reduction is to create it through industry.
In 2015, China’s National Energy Agency, the State Council’s Office for Poverty Alleviation, etc., issued a circular on the implementation of a programme of work for the alleviation of poverty through the launch of the first photovoltaic pilot in more than 30 counties in the provinces of Anhui, Ningxia, Shanxi, Hebei, Gansu, Qinghai, etc.
• A project to reduce poverty in the photovoltaic industry, jointly published by the National Development and Reform Commission and other departments;
On 17 October 2016, the National Energy Agency and the Department of State ' s Poverty Alleviation Office jointly issued the first Notice for the Alleviation of Poverty by Photovoltaic Projects (No. 280 [2016]), the total size of which is 5.16 million kilowatts (kW) of which village-level photovoltaic power stations (including household use)
A total of 2.18 million kilowatts and a total of 2.98 million kilowatts of centralized ground power stations. By mid-December 2017, a total of 8.53gw indicators had been allocated to poverty alleviation in 2017 for all provinces, 11 of which had been shared as mandatory poverty reduction indicators (7.90gw), while three provinces had voluntarily used the target for poverty alleviation projects (0.63gw) and the range had increased significantly one year later.
Moreover, despite the decline in the three types of area-distributed photovoltaic subsidies from 0.42 to 0.37 watts per watt in 2018, and the increase in the price of poles by 0.1, there has been no downward revision of village-level photovoltaic projects and distributed photovoltaic projects for poverty alleviation. The government’s policy on photovoltaic poverty reduction is in itself a huge market.
Sunshine power actively pursues and promotes the deployment of central “precision, pro-poor” decisions, taking full advantage of the new energy industry, and actively implementing the photovoltaic model of poverty alleviation to improve the self-generating and self-functional capacities of poor families. In the process of precision poverty alleviation projects, not only the delivery of a power plant, but also the demand for labour in the course of project implementation.
By the end of 2017, the company’s photo-poor footprint had been spread across several provinces, including Anhui, Zhejiang, Shandong, Hubei, Guangxi, Hebei, Henan, and Sichuan, reaching over 100,000 poor households and 1,200 poor villages, reaching a total of 749.6 mw.
In addition, to date, Sunshine power has donated 5100 kw light voltage stations and 580 kw light voltage stations in Sichuan, Shanxi, Guangxi, Jiangxi, etc. in the cities of Cheongzhou, Xiaozhou, Xiao County, Xiangzhou County, Lingjian, Cebu, Tai Hu, etc. In addition, the company is currently supporting nearly 18,000 poor households in the counties of Yuxi, Shandong Cao, Henan, etc. in Anhui province, and more than 2,000 poor villages totalling 620 mw.
Next, as poverty is advanced, the solar power will take full advantage of the financial, technological, and leadership role of the enterprise, building a multi-layered anti-poverty system through "houses using pro-poor power stations plus village collective pro-poor power stations plus centralized pro-poor power stations."
In the past 2017, China has been recognized as a “one-year-old” for household development, starting from two to ten thousand households.
At the end of 2017, the total number of installed aircraft increased by 53.06gw in 2017, with a cumulative load of more than 130gw.
It is worth mentioning that the distribution pattern of PVs 19.44gw, a 3.7-fold increase compared to the previous year, accounts for 36% of all new installed units. Without doubt, distribution has become a strong support for China’s photovoltaic industry.
In recent years, in the face of the huge “cakes”, a large number of businesses have entered and expanded, making household photovoltaics a huge “windlight.” Business has invested a great deal of human, material and financial resources in order to really develop markets, but it has been hampered.
At the policy level, according to the Circular on Price Policies for Photovoltaic Power Projects in 2018, the country is home to a large number of countries at the latest electricity prices.
The annual subsidy target is that the household distribution market is expected to grow in a new wave cycle in 2018. In 2018, household distribution is expected to double the number of installed machines in 2017, reaching 6gw. Figure 19: Surplus access versus full access ($/kWh)
As an emerging market, the influx of large numbers of businesses is inevitable. Analysis of business registration data shows that there are at least 213,000 such enterprises nationwide, and nearly 100,000 small ones. Of these, there may be more than 50,000 such operators.
Research by firms shows that these firms have developed some 7,000 dealers. The rise in the power station system and storage capacity of the POTEC pioneers has led to a high rate of growth, and by collating the capacity of these companies, it can be seen that the market for domestic use has not yet seen the emergence of a monopoly in the industry and the entry of new firms.
Sunshine power is built up with a reverse transformer, which is the leader of the inverter industry, and in order to expand the distributional market for households, changes begin with the most important part of the photovoltaic component. As a first-time player in the distributional market, Sunshine power values this.
On the one hand, companies insist on technological innovation and produce products consistent with distributed markets. During Snec this year, companies released new household reverses sg10/12ktl-m. On the other hand, in November, they launched distributed smart reverses sg15/17/20ktl-m, which, together with other distributed inverter products, have achieved full coverage of distributed applications to meet customer needs. On the other hand, companies are customers.
In 2017, the company began the distribution of households, and has now completed a full-scale distribution in Hubei, Henan, Shandong, Anhui, and Jiangsu. The company has created a global sunhome brand, which provides a 24-hour solution.
With technology and services in place, it is expected that, given the current pattern of competition and growth in the distribution of household use, sunlight power will be available.
In 2018, 30-50 million households will be installed.
Storage technologies are key to achieving large-scale access to renewable energy, increasing the efficiency, safety, and economics of power systems, and are powerful ways to increase the rate of clean energy generation and to promote haze management. The main storage technologies available are pumping, compressing air storage, flying ship storage, superconductor storage, lead acid batteries, lithium batteries, sodium sulphur batteries, liquid flow batteries and supercontainers.
Different storage technologies apply to different applications and fields, and depending on the power of the system and the time of discharge, the main applications of storage technologies can be divided into three components: energy management, power bridge connections, and power quality management.
In 2017, the storage market was on the fast track, and the cost of chemical storage continued to decline. The domestic chemical storage capacity consisted mainly of lead, carbon, and lithium electricity, both technological routes. The cost of lead carbon cell storage has now been reduced to commercial applications, and is in the project’s advanced phase.
On the market scale, the cumulative load of China's electrochemical storage project reached 389.8mw, with an annual growth rate of 45%. For battery storage project technology distribution, the cumulative load ratio of lithium ion batteries was half to the right, 76% to 58%. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), the global loader will reach 800gw by 2050.
In terms of applications, there are two main features of storage technology: the storage energy plus application model, which is designed to optimize the allocation of resources through storage capacity.
The second feature is that the power reserves can participate in auxiliary services. Countries that grew faster in 2017, including the United Kingdom, Germany, and China.
According to cnesa, by the end of 2017, the total capacity of the global energy project was 175.4gw, with an annual growth rate of 3.9%, and the domestic rate of 28.9gw, with an annual growth rate of 18.9%, and the limits on the endowment of power plants are evident. We are now looking more closely at the power-chemical storage capacity of better industrial chains, faster cost reductions, and more diversified business models.
The cumulative scale of delivery of the ball ' s electrochemical storage capacity is 2.6gw, with a capacity of 4.1gwh, with an annual growth rate of 30% and 52%, respectively, and more than 130 projects have been delivered throughout the year, showing a trend towards global applications. The electrochemical storage capacity is a rational solution for new energy consumption, increased grid stability, and increased efficiency in the use of distribution systems, and can play an important role in the entire electricity value chain, involving both distribution and distribution.
The establishment of a market-based pricing mechanism will make a real leap forward in the development of storage capacity. We believe that it will have a far-reaching impact on storage capacity.
In November 2017, the National Energy Agency issued the Work Programme for Improving the Compensation for Power Support Services (Municipal Fields), which proposed an expansion of the supply of electricity support services on demand, a clear power storage advantage, and an independent market.
The U.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.
The field of "storage +" applications has opened. The combination of photovoltaic + storage will increase the self-sustainability ratio and increase the user ' s earnings. With the gradual decline in the cost of storage, other countries have already achieved a flat price of light storage on the side of the user. In the context of the rapid advance of electric cars, China Air Research predicts that by 2020, China ' s cumulative end-of-life of electric motor-power batteries will reach 170,000 tons.
As technology improves and policy guides, it is expected to open up further space for storage applications. The current market for lithium storage energy in our country is in the transition phase from demonstration projects to initial commercialization.
As storage technology advances and costs decrease, the field of “storage +” applications opens up, and the commercialization of storage is expected to start early.
(ii) International cooperation, where the pre-existing advantages are evident, in 2017 there was a growing number of enterprises in the energy market, including photovoltaic enterprises, electric car manufacturing enterprises, public utilities, industrial equipment manufacturers and large energy groups, which have invested in the acquisition of storage energy enterprises in many ways, as well as with this.
By working with these companies, they can obtain financial support and customer channels to further enhance their competitiveness. The expansion of solar power in storage is an expression of their technological strength and certainty, and companies rely on the three-star world leaders.
The first storage technology, the power of a powerful combination, has made sunlight power a critical step on the road to a storage reversible. At present, sunlight power has the world’s leading new energy power switching technology, and is based on the world’s first-class lithium battery technology, which currently provides storage core equipment with single-power power ranging from 5 to 1,000 kw, lithium batteries, energy management systems, etc., while introducing energy.
A range of advanced system solutions, such as migration, microgrids, and power FM, have been widely applied to projects such as islands, highlands, ports, homes, wind and light power stations, and have successfully participated in many storage and energy demonstration projects, such as the Shanghai Mountain Port, and the Tibet Tactile Microelectric Network. On storage and development, sunlight power has developed the first high-pressure storage system in China, powcube 8,000, which can be better applied.
In the first half of 2017, Sun Power Reverser sc250ku successfully passed through U.S. ul, which was the first time that a storage Reverser with co-connected and offline functions in the country was certified ul, meaning that Sun Power Reverse could open green access to North American markets as well as to global markets. This time, it was certified by U.S. ul, an international authority.
Reconfirmation of the advanced technology and excellence of Sunshine Power Storage System will serve as a new business that will contribute significantly to the enhancement of corporate brand influence and the country’s ability to generate revenue in just one year, starting in 2016. According to the annual reports of the Department of Public Administration for 2016 and 2017, the company’s revenues in storage in the reverse transformer business have remained at around 70 million over the past two years.
On the field, technology leads, we believe that sunlight power has great potential for development in storage operations, and that, with further opening of storage markets, we believe that storage operations have great scope for future development, and that the pre-emptive advantage will become more apparent. In 2017, the company's reverse transformer delivered 16.5gw, of which 3.3gw was delivered overseas, and in power station operations, project 1gw.
With 100mw of new power stations, cumulatively holding 300-400mw power stations and opening up 10,000 households in a distributed household market, the power station system and storage capacity of the PVCR taps are on the rise and are expected to increase by 50-100% in 2018, and the output of the company's reverse transformer abroad is expected to reach 20gw.
With the revival of the wind and power market this year, the company plans to participate in the pepc project 200-300mw of the wind and power farms. In addition, the company’s storage, electrical, and control operations are expected to make a new breakthrough in 2018.
We believe that companies, as pioneers in the light-voltage reversible, still stand up in multi-wheel shufflings in the light-voltage industry on the basis of technological and cost advantages, and extend their operations to wind, storage and new energy vehicles through technological and market synergies, providing a good basis for the firm’s long-term growth and growth momentum. As the light-voltage industry approaches,
The company should enjoy a certain value premium as a leading business in the photovoltaic sector, with a first-time coverage given a “buy-in” rating. The company’s inverser output is not as high as expected, power station operations are not as high as expected, and policies in the photovoltaic sector are at risk.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report