Sunshine Power Power (300274) - Reverser Leader Promising Power Stations and Storage Energy High Growth Events: Companies publish annual reports 2017 and quarterly reports 2018. Corporate performance is growing rapidly and performance is excellent in the quarter.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company performed well, achieving an operating income of 1.706 billion yuan, an increase of 36.81 per cent, compared to 36.81 per cent.
The net interest rate on corporate sales and sales has been on the rise since recent years. The company ' s annual gross profit rate in 2017 has been on the rise.
Total equity/flow (million shares) rose by 2.31 percentage points, and profits were still growing in the face of increased competition in the photovoltaic and wind power sectors. Interest rate levels continued to grow in the first quarter of 2018, with a Māori sales rate.
The cost of the company increased significantly in 2017, with a significant increase in the amount of the three fees. The proportion of the liabilities raised by the collection of funds and losses on exchange rose and the combined profitability increased steadily. The company ' s net asset earnings have increased steadily in recent years.
Overall, the impact of the increase in the ratio of net asset yields to major corporate liabilities was analysed. The net interest rate on corporate sales was 11.87 per cent in 2017, a 0.46 percentage point increase over the previous year, which, taken together, was remarkable and continued to lead the global reverse market. Sunshine continued in 2017.
The leading global reverse market, with 16.5gw global and 13.2gw domestic, is the same as the remaining new products, covering large photovoltaic power stations, photovoltaic poverty alleviation, distributional, and runners, among others, that respond positively to pro-poor policies.
The company ' s bare footprint of poverty alleviation in several provinces, including Anhui, Zhejiang, Shandong, Hubei, Guangxi, Hebei, Henan and Sichuan, reached over 100,000 poor households and 1,200 poor villages with a total size of 749.6mw, and the project ' s construction experience attracted national and even African candidates.
To date, sunlight power has been donated to 5100 kw photovoltaic power stations in Cheongzhou, Xiao County, Xiao County, Xiaozhou, Lingbing, Cebu, Tai Hu, and 580 kw photovoltaic power stations in Sichuan, Shanxi, Guangxi, Jiangxi, etc.
Nearly 18,000 poor households, including Yuxi County, Shandong Cao County, Henan City, Anhui Province, and 620 mw photovoltaic power stations in more than 2,000 poor villages have been set up to generate 3,000 yuan per year in electricity generation for poor households.
During the reporting period, companies continued to increase their investment in large-scale research and development, accounting for 36.94 per cent of the total.
With 249 inventions, 420 practical new designs and 68 visual designs, and relying on leading technological reserves, companies actively promoted the development and optimization of relevant standards within the industry, and several national standards have been drafted.
Profit forecast: The company's leading business as a photovoltaic inverter, still stands in the face of technology and cost advantages in its multi-wheel shuffling of cards in the photovoltaic industry, and expands its operations to wind power, storage and new energy vehicles through technological and market synergies.
As the photovoltaic industry approaches the Internet at par, the overall valuation of the industry is highly mobile, and companies, as champions of the photovoltaic industry, should benefit from profit projections and financial indicators:
(i) Rapid growth in corporate performance and excellent performance in the first quarter of the year. The company achieved operating income of $8,886 million in 2017, an increase of 48.01 per cent over the year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
At the same time, the company performed well in the first quarter of 2018, achieving operating income of $1.706 billion, an increase of 36.81 per cent in the same year and a decline of 23.98 per cent in the ring ratio; the total profit for the first quarter was $224 million, an increase of 58.87 per cent in the same year, a decline of 28.43 per cent in the ring ratio; net repatriation
(ii) The new energy automobile industry has been growing rapidly and the light-voltage business has been steadily increasing. During the reporting period, the company ' s new energy vehicle business has developed well and the wind-storage and storage industries have recovered slightly. In the case of the new energy-car industry, the total revenue was 57 million yuan, an increase of 112.05 per cent over the previous year, while in the light-volt industry, the total revenue was 8,690 million dollars.
(iii) Interest rate levels are rising, profitability is increasing, Māori rates for corporate sales and net interest rates for sales have been rising since recent years. The company ' s Māori rate has been growing since 2017, when competition in the photovoltaic and wind and wind industries increased.
Interest rate levels continued to increase in the first quarter of 2018, with a Māori sales rate of 30.79 per cent, an increase of 1.82 percentage points in the same year and a rise of 3.23 percentage points in the ring; net sales interest rates reached 11.87 per cent in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 1.74 percentage points in the same year, resulting in a steady increase in the profitability of photovoltaic operations.
In the sub-industry, the photovoltaic industry constitutes the majority of Maori, with new energy vehicles, wind power, and storage only a small part. In the sub-products, solar photovoltaic converters contributed the most to Māori, reaching 1,426 million yuan and a Māori rate of 38.74 per cent over the year, an increase of 5.56 percentage points, or 58 per cent, on the same basis, and power station systems, which together accounted for 739 million yuan or 30 per cent of Māori over the year.
Sun power sources - Reverser taps - high growth in power station and storage power operations Figure 10: Mäori composition 2017 Sun power - Reverser taps - high growth in power station and storage energy operations
(v) A significant increase in costs during the period and a steady infusion of R & D funds A significant increase in the cost of the company was observed in 2017, with a significant increase in the amount of all three fees. The financial costs of 2017, as a result of the fund-raising and exchange losses, amounted to $55 million, the first time in the last five years, were positive. Management costs amounted to 611 million in 2017, compared to 611 million in 2017.
The increase of 42.09 per cent in 2016 is due to higher increases in the remuneration of managers and related office fees, travel costs, etc., as well as higher increases in research and development costs and staff-related office fees, travel, etc. The annual increase of 34.35 per cent represents 3.96 per cent of the income from the main business.
In the year, 195 new patents were originally acquired. Of these, 19 were foreign patents, 94 domestic inventions, 71 operational new patents, 11 outward-looking patents: 308 new patent applications are under review.
Companies have accumulated 737 patents, including 249 inventions, 420 practical new designs, 68 designs, and rely on leading technological reserves. Companies have actively promoted the development and optimization of relevant standards within the industry. They have organized the drafting of various national standards in China. (vi) Increased debt ratios and a steady increase in combined profitability.
Overall, the increase in net asset yields was largely influenced by the increase in the proportion of corporate liabilities. In 2017, the firm power station and storage power operations were growing at a firm head position for net corporate sales, and (i) the market for global reversals continued to be driven by the extraordinary effects of local conditions.
In 2017, Sunshine continued to lead the global inverter market, with 16.5gw global output, 13.2gw domestic output, an increase of 35 per cent over the same period, and 3.3gw foreign exports, an increase of 170 per cent over the same period. Over 10 new items were released during the reporting period, covering large photovoltaic power stations, photovoltaic poverty, distribution, runners, etc.: all were launched for flat hill power stations, surface power stations and large ground power stations.
High level of protection, which can work directly and reliably in a variety of harsh conditions, such as heat, humidity, sand and wind, is widely applied. Compared to traditional centralized invertors, the product is described as a reverse changer from the house, reducing the cost of land, construction, and transport, resulting in overall savings of about 5 cents/w for initial system investments, and transport investments; and a reversal in the use of solar households for household needs.
Year: In response to the relative poor quality of end-of-end grid voltage, the difficulty of PV systems being more easily off-grided, Sunshine households are taking the lead in using advanced control algorithms around the world that can automatically adapt to the complex environment of weak grids, extend power generation time and raise revenue; in the case of distribution, distributed intelligent reverses sg15/17/20ktl-m, which quickly become widely distributed.
In addition, the world’s largest single-power series of 1,500v inverters, sg160hv, used with power optimization devices, make up a cluster reverse system that can boost the system’s power generation by 5-10%. At the same time, in response to many of the wiring problems behind the high-speed development of new energy sources, the Sun power supply is silarcloud 5.0 glimmers of wisdom.
Clouds have been fully upgraded to develop the Isolar Smart Energy Operation Management Platform, which addresses the challenges of new energy use in all its aspects.0, which combines the continuous accumulation of innovations and applications of solar power sources in the fields of photovoltaic, storage, wind power and the like, through modern object networking technologies, artificial intelligence and large data analysis technologies, from single photovoltaic energy management to more photovoltaic, wind, hydropower, firewood, storage energy, etc.
(ii) Respond positively to pro-poor policies and compete for “runners” for photovoltaic systems. During the reporting period, the integrated operation of the company power station system also increased considerably, with revenues of $4.667 billion, or 42.07 per cent, compared with the 42.7 per cent increase in the previous reporting period.
Nationally focused pilot initiatives in the field of photovoltaic poverty reduction have played a positive role as a demonstration. The 40mw floating photovoltaic power generation project in Panmang, Huanan City, as the largest floating light-voltaic power station in a single world, has been well connected to the grid. The project has received widespread attention and high recognition from a wide range of national and international media, including the New York Times; and soil repairs in the 150mw in Guangdong Intensity County.
A demonstration project for the integrated use of photovoltaic power, using heavy metal to contaminate approximately 3,200 acres of land, not only provides an average of more than 140 million kilowatt-hours of green electricity per year, but also promotes the integrated use of contaminated soil, increases farmers' profits and gradually rehabilitates contaminated sites used in the project area.
The exhibition pioneered the exploration of a new demonstration of practice: after full grid-connected power generation of the 100mw photovoltaic power project in the city of Jiaozhou, it is expected to generate about 100 million degrees of electricity annually. The equivalent of about 40,000 tons of coal per year, a reduction of about 997 tons of carbon dioxide, and a new model of intensive development with “more than one land, more fishing light”.
By the end of 2017, the company ' s photovoltaic pro-poor footprints had reached 749.6 mw in several provinces, including Anhui, Zhejiang, Shandong, Hubei, Guangxi, Hebei, Henan and Sichuan, reaching over 100,000 poor households and 1,200 poor villages, and project construction has attracted study teams from all over the country and even from African countries.
The company has contributed 580 kw light voltage power stations in Sichuan, Shanxi, Guangxi, Jiangxi, etc., in several places, including the districts, Xiao County, Xiaozhou County, Lingzhou, Cebu and Tai Hu. The company is also currently carrying out support tasks for nearly 18,000 poor households, and for more than 2,000 poor villages to create 3,000 per year for poor households, including Yusi County, Shandong Cao County, Henan City, etc.
(iii) In keeping with technological innovation and focusing on clean power conversion technologies, in 2018, the company’s target will be $12.5 billion in sales earnings. In the future, the global energy structural transformation will accelerate, the cost of renewable energy generation will continue to decrease as technology progresses, and the deployment of renewable energy applications will gradually spread from developed to emerging countries.
In this context, the company has set a new vision for the next 5-10 years, focusing on clean electricity in the future. During the reporting period, the company continued to invest more in research and development, accounting for 36.94 per cent of its research and development staff.
One hundred and fifty-five new patents have been created throughout the year, all of them originally acquired, and another 308 new patent applications are under review. Building on leading technological reserves, companies have actively promoted the development and optimization of relevant standards in the industry and have organized the drafting of various Chinese national standards.
The company, as the vanguard of the photovoltaic reversible, continues to rely on technological and cost advantages in the multi-wheel shuffling of the photovoltaic industry, and has expanded its operations to wind power, storage and new energy vehicles through technological and market synergies, providing a good basis for the company’s growth and performance growth. As the photovoltaic industry approaches a level playing field, the industry’s overall valuation is ten times mobile.
In addition, the company, as a champion in the photovoltaic industry, should enjoy a certain value premium, and we expect a net profit from the company for the period 2016-2020 to be less than expected, less than expected from the reverse transformer, less than expected from the power station, and higher policy risks in the photovoltaic sector.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report