The gold industry's leader, the dominant upstream mineral resource, continued to build the competitive edge of the upstream resource core, and the company, since its successful listing in 2003, has gradually grown into a leader in the gold industry.
Over the past year, companies have continued to accelerate the pace of exploration, acquisition, and annexation of upstream mineral resources, and companies have continued to develop overseas resource maps, working to build world-class gold mineral resources companies. External mergers and acquisitions, internal excavations, and future growth in Shandong gold production can be expected.
Upon completion of the acquisition, the Department will have 562 tons of gold equity reserves and 1307 tons of equity resources. At the same time, it will be able to build on existing mining resources and fully exploit the potential for increased mineral production.
The company's main business is concentrated in gold mining and smelting, the main business is prominent, and the company is built.
The full industrial chain of exploration, mining, mineral selection, smelting and deep processing of gold products for sale as one, creates synergies and continues to grow in business performance; market liquidity risks; the risk of gold price volatility; and the risk of insufficient progress in productive capacity projects.
Shandong Gold was established in 1975 and transformed into Shandong Gold Group Ltd., a State-owned sole-sourced company, which was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2003 and has gradually grown into a leading company in the gold industry in recent years.
The company has continued to accelerate the exploration, acquisition and annexation of upstream mineral resources, acquiring mineral resources such as Akaka and Linglong in the country, while also rapidly accelerating the acquisition of mineral resources from overseas, acquiring 50 per cent of the shares of the Argentina Tymberadero gold mine, 100 per cent of the shares of the Canadian company Temek Resources, and is planning to do so in the near future.
The company's management is well-versed in the gold industry. The director of Shandong Gold is Li Kuo Hong, with a doctorate in management, senior accountant, director of many financial companies, and has years' experience in financial accounting.
The general manager of the company is Wang Pei-chul, who has a graduate degree in Ph.D. and has a rich professional experience in Shandong Gold for many years.
The company now owns 13 mines, including the New City gold mine, the Kaji gold mine, the Linglong gold mine, the Sando gold mine, the Pindu gold mine, the four largest mines, the New City gold mine, the Cao family gold mine, the Linglong gold mine and the San Francisco gold mine, all located in the country's ten largest mines.
In addition to the mining rights of well-known deposits in provinces such as smokers, Qingdao, Waihai, and Pilgrim, companies have acquired mining rights in the Chicong region of Inner Mongolia by means of mergers, acquisitions, etc. To avoid competition among their counterparts, the group has continued to inject high-quality assets into Shandong Gold, and in 2016 there was a major reorganization of the company ' s assets, and the group has taken over the East Wind Mine.
By the end of 2019, Shandong gold owned five of the more resourceful core gold mines, namely, the Santao Island gold mine, the Kao gold mine, the New City gold mine, the Linglong gold mine and the Belladro gold mine, with a resource of 6510 each.
Thousands of ounces, 3112 thousand ounces, 7654 thousand ounces, 5035 thousand ounces, 8750 thousand ounces of gold metal, 2122 thousand ounces, 768 thousand ounces, 2559 thousand ounces, 697 thousand ounces, and 5630 thousand ounces. At the end of 2019, the company ' s gold mineral equity resources were 28420 thousand ounces, and gold metal equity was 9929 thousand ounces.
3 External M&As, in-house drilling, the future increase in Shandong gold production 3.1 The pace of overseas M&As has accelerated.
McResources has a 100% stake, and the core asset of T.M.R. is a 100% stake in the Hope Bay gold mine in northern Canada. The Hope Bay gold mine is a high-grade gold mine.
In the past three years, gold production from the Hope Bay project has increased by 1.7 tons, 3.5 tons and 4.3 tons, respectively, and from the Hope Bay project, the volume of gold from Shandong will increase by 18 per cent after the acquisition has been completed, the stock of gold will increase by 36 per cent and gold production will increase by 11 per cent.
In June 2020, Shandong Gold, a wholly-owned subsidiary, Shandong Gold (Hong Kong) Ltd., was announced to undertake an offer to acquire Katino Resources Ltd. at a price of 0.6 Australian dollars/equity (27.7 per cent premium).
The company owned three gold mineral projects in Ghana, namely, the Namdini Development Project, the Bolgatanga Exploration Project, and the Subranum Exploration Project, all of which are located in large-scale mining belts.
Heart asset is the Namdini gold mine in Ghana, north-eastern West Africa, with 90 per cent interest, namdini is an open-air mining project, located on the Green Rock Belt in Nangodi, rich in mineral resources, with a reserve of 157.2 tons of namdini gold mine and a grade of 1.13 g/t; detection + control of a resource of 217.4 tons, grade of 1.12 g/t, storage/resource of up to 73.0 per cent, namdini
The duration of the project is 15 years (expiring in 2035 with a maximum extension of 30 years). According to the researchable report published by the Catino Corporation in October 2019, it is expected that namdini will start production in 2023, yielding 8.9 tons of gold per year after delivery, during which a total of 129 tons of gold will be produced.
The acquisition of Katino will greatly increase the stock of mineral resources up to Shandong gold. The stock of gold held by Shandong before the acquisition was 309 tons, with an average stock of 2.09 g/t, an equity resource of 884 tons, an average resource of 1.93 g/t, and the company will have the gold rights upon completion of the acquisition of Temek and Katino.
This acquisition of Katino not only enriched the company's upstream gold mineral reserves and construction, but also expanded the company's global gold mineral resources by fully exploiting its internal mineral potential.
Gold from Shandong builds on existing mineral resources to fully exploit the potential for increased mineral production. The company is currently actively working to increase prospecting in the deep parts of the mine in key mining areas, such as the Trisan Island gold mine and the Kaji gold mine, which is expected to lead to a further increase in the company’s gold production.
Figure 5 gold expansion schedule for Shandong 4 gold operations continue to improve to 4.1, working together to develop gold industries, upstream and downstream linkages, and actively exploring new ones.
The company is a leading company in the production of large-scale gold minerals that collects, selects and smelts, the company's main business is concentrated in gold mining and smelting, the main business is prominent in gold production, which is accompanied by silver and sulfur concentrates, and the company has built a collection of exploration, mining, mining, mining, smelting and deep processing and sale of gold products.
An integrated industrial chain, supported by supporting systems such as scientific and technological development, engineering, equipment manufacturing, electricity supply and training of personnel, while companies are actively exploring the layout of emerging industries such as real estate, financial operations, etc.
The profit level of the company has a crucial impact, with the company ' s main product being finished gold, including: out-sourcing gold, home-grown gold, small gold bars, etc. The sales of out-sourcing alloys were highest at 76.78 per cent in 2019, and in figure 62019 the main business income was in percentage terms.
Figure 8 Outsourcing gold business income versus Māori (billions, %) Figure 9 Revenue from home-grown gold business versus Māori (billions, %) Outsourcing alloy business income is the highest, but the Māori rate is low. Outsourcing alloy business realized sales in 2015.
Revenue from sales was 31.1 billion yuan, income from sales was 48.1 billion yuan in 2019 and over the past four years 11.52 per cent of annual returns were achieved. 4.3 Gold Marketing Contribution Corporation, the main Māori contributor, had the highest Māori sales, had a Māori ratio of over 40 per cent, and had a Māori share of gold sales in 2019.
A total of 94.8 per cent contributed to the company ' s main Māori, with a fast growth in revenue from gold sales of $6.4 billion in 2015 and a sustained growth in the volume of revenue from high Māori gold sales, which is expected to sustain the growth in net profits of the company.
The ratio of operating financial data in figure 11 (%) has been growing rapidly in terms of income, Maori, and net profits. The gross operating income of Shandong gold in 2015 was $38.6 billion, operating income in 2019 was $62.6 billion, and the annual compound growth rate of operating income in the last four years was 12.85%.
Māori in 2015, Māori in 2019, Māori in 2019, annual compound growth of 18.92 per cent over the past four years, net profits of Māori in 2015, Māori net profits of 600 million yuan in 2019, net profits of 1.3 billion yuan in 2019, and annual composite growth of net profits of 21.32 per cent over the past four years, with incomes, Māori and net profits remaining fast.
5 Against the backdrop of uncertainty about the global economic situation, gold prices are on the rise, and the current situation in the United States, which has accumulated more than 3 million confirmed cases, continues to be critical as a result of the massive global outbreak of the new crown, which has been largely under control in the country.
More than 100 days of new cases falling apart, with the United States pushing back to work without effective control of the epidemic, and the recent mass uprisings, presidential campaign rallies and so on, caused by violent law enforcement incidents by white police in the United States, there's a real risk that this will lead to a further deterioration of the epidemic or a secondary outbreak, which will add up.
5.2 In response to concerns about the possible recession caused by the epidemic, the Federal Reserve announced an unlimited qe policy, which is expected to increase the price of gold.
Unlimited purchases of US debt and mbs, interest rate cuts or re-enhancement of the Fed to boost monetary policy are expected to ease the liquidity crisis, which is expected to support the rise in gold prices. Figure 12 shows the trend in spot prices ($/g)
Market liquidity risk; risk of gold price volatility; risk of under-achievement of production capacity projects; use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of the present report, data and information used in the present report from open market information, without personal assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, and without any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.