On April 28, the company issued a quarterly report for 2025.
11,944 million yuan, 17.11 per cent more than the previous year, 9.7 per cent less the ring, five consecutive quarters of positive double-digit growth, net return to the mother 565 million yuan, equal increase market value (RMB): $7.61 yuan
Performance is higher than expected, and the level of profitability is higher. 25q1 corporate income is higher than expected, and it benefits mainly from the contribution of new products such as "According to Ideas: Draft Stock Incentives " , the creation of an + End-of-Survey I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-T.
And the share of the server radiation business has increased. The 2025q1 Māori rate has increased by 15.15% over the same period, while the core industry has continued to reduce efficiency gains and optimize its product structure, and Māori has increased.
The company’s offshore base is well priced, and the company has the ability to absorb the volatility of the supply chain. The company’s overseas delivery capacity is strong, its overseas capacity is well-placed, and it is more resilient and industrially competitive. The company has 58 production positions and research sites in several countries and regions around the world.
CDCs include Turkey, Brazil, India, Viet Nam, France, Singapore, etc., where regional coverage is mature and productive reserves are adequate. Companies effectively manage R & D, production, delivery, and respond quickly to clients’ needs through overseas production.
The company’s products are widely applied to smart hand machines, ai glasses, and xr wearable devices, robots, servers, and various ai terminal electronic products.
Thermal solutions, such as radiative solutions as tiles, conductor gaskets, conductor glues, etc.: the folding screen end product covers key components such as the medium frame, vc allergy panels, screen support layers, molding devices, structures, chargers, folding screen rotations, etc.; in addition, the company provides softness to domestic ar/ai eyeglass customers
Key components such as quality, plastics, radiator solutions, chargers, etc. Weak consumer electronic demand, underdevelopment of new products, risk of exchange rate fluctuations, analysis of related report rating ratios in the market