Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) April 29, 2025, first quarter report of IQD 2025, company 1q25
The current operating income of 1,499 million yuan, an increase of 17.1 per cent from the same year, a net profit of 570 million yuan from the mother, a robust operation from the same year-on-year diversified layout, and a growing technological and product advantage of 1q25 companies, which achieved an operating income of 1,490 million yuan from the same year, an increase of 17.1 per cent from the same period of five consecutive quarters.
A positive increase in the two-digit income ratio. A net return of $570 million, an increase of 23.5 per cent over the same period; Field layout and positive developments:
The company has the core technology to serve power servers, sloweners, drivers, motion controllers, and other robotic enforcement layers.
In terms of structural elements, the company can provide molding structures, metal structures, emplacing structures, soft wraps, etc. At present, the company has provided core hardware such as head builders, smart hands, limbs, high power chargers, and radiating solutions for human robot clients, which are jointly developed and assembled.
In the case of the ai glasses, the intelligence of the ingenuity Xr and ai glasses can be worn, focusing on core components and technology development of smart wear devices, such as ar, vr, mr, and ai glasses. With keen insight into the development of the ai terminal, the company provides global Xr and ai glasses head customers.
Key components, such as soft features, plastics, radiator solutions, chargers, etc., and working closely with terminal brands to improve industry competitiveness. On folding screens, intellectually adapted to high-end folding screen cellular trends, focusing on global headlines.
The core product covers key components such as a central frame, a vc average heat board, a screen support layer, a modular feature, a structural device, a charger, a folding screen rotation module, which is widely applied to a double-folded screen cell phone, a triple-fold screen, a folding laptop, a vehicle-mounted flexible screen, etc.
terminal electronics. Of these, folding screen support material consists mainly of stainless steel, titanium alloys, and, in the case of servers, intellectually constructed and global customers on radiant products in gpu, cpu and ai applications (including service servers, notebooks, pc, visual cards, smart wear devices, robots, etc.)
1. The world ' s sophisticated manufacturing leaders, i.e., the opening of hardware, working together to integrate the thermal tubes and mean-temperature technologies developed autonomously by companies, and to promote high-calculation, high-performance, high-heat-flow density applications such as power cards, to the core suppliers of amd.
In the area of motor electronics, the benefits of the distributed power cell structure products, including the crust, the core steel/aluminum shell, the cylinder core aluminium shell, the top cap, the cover, the blast valve, the positive and the negative extreme soft connection, the switch.
In addition, the company is actively expanding its auto radiator module, in-car package products, battery chargers, and vehicle chargers. In addition, it was announced that it was going to acquire Jiangsukoda, which is Chiri, upper-gas group, Biya, etc.
When the deal is completed, the ingenious automobile business will be successfully transformed from Tier2 to Tier1. Market demand is not as anticipated; market competition is too predictable; cost end controls are not as predictable; and geopolitics are not as successful as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.