The company released its annual report for 2024, and the company maintained a steady growth in revenue, but the profitability of the company fell.
Actively looking for new growth points, human robots, ai/ar glasses, fold screens, server evaporation, etc. provide medium-term billions of dollars, an increase of 32.8%; Māori rate of 17.4%, a decrease of 4.4 percentage points from the same year, mainly due to changes in product structure. The company ' s annual report further splits them into image displays, materials, battery power, heat management (dispersed heat), an eye.
Mirrors and xr can wear equipment, fine packagings and other seven major groups of products, sensors and associated modules. Major increases can be seen in sensors and associated modules, image displays, all of which have increased by more than 100 per cent; in the case of automobiles and low-altitude economies, the clean energy business received $1.17 billion, a 25.0 per cent decline, mainly due to a significant reduction in client order phase.
In 2024, the company made better progress in robotics, ai/ar glasses, fold screens, service servers. 1) Robot: card-based domestic and foreign customers increased considerably in 2024, with a Māori rate of about 60%, and is expected to enter the production phase officially in 2025. In human robots, the company owns a server, a deceleration machine,
The core technology of the executive layer, such as drives, motion controllers, has provided human robot clients with hardware such as head, smart hand, limb, high power charge and radiation solutions.)ai/ar glasses and xr wearable devices: the Division provides soft function units, inductives, heat solutions, chargers, etc., and is already involved in the production of essential components in the country.
Hardware from the external important smart glasses brand, which is expected to grow faster with the intensive release of new products in 2025. 3) Collapse screens: company-related products cover the middle frame, vc mean heat panels, screen support layers, functional devices, structures, chargers, etc. Key components, corporate carbon fibre screen support panels with a thickness of 0.15 - 0.2 mm, and carbon plate and carbon fibre support layers are already large
4) Servers: Corporate server operations are gradually entering the customer supply chain, mainly in the field of radiating heat and power sources. The company became an amd radiator in 2024, and the most recent multiaxial cavity radiator (bigmac product) was developed as a high-level dispersive heat product, applied to thermal transmission of high-heat density components, performing better under 400w-1000w power consumption conditions; at the same time, the company performed better.
The production capacity of high-power power generation products at the kW level has reached 180 kw of single-stage power, based on the market price of 1 April 2025, as a result of a 4.4 percentage point decline in the company ' s 2024 al-ai Māori ratio, while revenues from clean energy operations have fallen on the same basis.
Risks of change in the macro-environment; increased risk of competition in industry; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; risk of greater concentration of customers; risk of less than expected downstream demand; risk of impairment of goodwill and assets.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations