Construction iii. Big Powers rise ahead of each other -- with a lot of harvests and deep-deep industrial chains.
The direction of business development is highly compatible with the national strategy and faces a wide range of incremental markets: a top-level strategy, one of the type of national policy, has a significant impact on future economic development and political landscapes. The core business of companies is industry-led in the areas of building bridges, building and dredging harbours, and building port mechanisms.
It is clear that there are benefits to be gained from the strategy along the border countries. Most of the infrastructure in the countries along the way lags behind China, with the construction market initially estimated at $756.2 billion per year. If the outstanding orders for financial sharps such as the ADB, the Silk Road Fund and others are considered to be more than $1.3 trillion, the long-term development is expected.
With the rapid advance of the national strategy and the recovery of the global economy, a large number of overseas orders have gradually been transferred from framework agreements to landing stages, with new contracts signed by companies in the first half of the year amounting to $14.3 billion for overseas engineering operations, a 57 per cent increase over the previous year.
It is hoped to maintain rapid growth and become a veritable vanguard and lead sheep all along the road. The company has cultivated abroad, building 10320 kilometres of roads, 152 bridges, 95 deep water berths, and 10 airports along the country and region along the road, with railway projects exceeding 2080 kilometres.
trillion yuan, an increase of 16.8 per cent over the same year, of which $96.73 billion was invested in fixed assets on roads and waterways, a rise in the same year.
High impact, project experience, $32.7 billion in new investment type orders signed in the first half of the year, close to $180 billion in a full-year budget, with a cumulative total of $72.66 billion in investment type projects in the form of ppp projects at the end of 2016; completion of investment
:: Upgraded strategy for industrial transformation, deeper regional construction interventions into a whole-of-industry development model: companies implement strategic upgrades from the workforce to the vendor, working towards becoming a five-stop shop, taking advantage of the whole chain in projects such as regional investment, construction, operation of transport infrastructure, municipal public facilities, new industrial cities, provision of a package of services and custom services
China’s construction: a new model for the reform of the state’s enterprises, one of its pioneers. In the first half of the year, new contracts were awarded for municipal projects amounting to 77 billion yuan, an increase of 237 per cent over the previous year, with investment totalling more than 21 billion yuan in Guangdong alone.
The competitive advantage is clear, the asset quality is high, and investors are valued for their return: companies are in a leading position in a number of subsectors, such as base-building, infrastructure-building, dredging, etc., overseas project layout, pool of talent, management levels are in the lead industry in the country, bad debt preparedness coverage is high, per capita operating income is 3.64 million yuan/year, nearer.
Billion yuan, with an average annual gain of $3 billion, the indicators are well above the industry average, and are on the rise. State reform practitioners, new opportunities for reform dividends: in mid-2016, the Group was successfully selected as a pilot for the national capital investment platform, with a “five-score” at its core, focusing on capital management, based on the group’s existing industrial base and the group’s current industrial base.
The new round of reforms is likely to once again serve as a model for state-owned reform, with the hope of fully stimulating corporate dynamism at the present time.
The programme has been submitted to the National Investment Commission for approval. Recently, Zhenhua's heavy-equity transfer and the issuance of swapable corporate bonds have been announced, and the follow-up reforms are expected to accelerate.
We expect the company's operating income from 2017 to 2019 to be $47,16 billion, $52,1 billion and the group to exchange corporate bonds and subsidiaries of China (3900hk), China Real Estate (000736), Zhenhua Heavy Work (600,320, 900947).
I. Capital giants from the strong and powerful coalition: (i) State Enterprise Reform 2005, China Harbour and China Road Bridge Union, John Keung, State Enterprise Reform and Reorganization Wave 2005, China Harbour and Gulf Construction (Governance) Corporation (hereinafter referred to as “China Harbour”, Chec)
China Road Bridge (Governance Group) was merged with China Roadbridge (China Road Bridge) and Crbc to reform innovative restructuring to establish China Transport Construction Group Limited (China Group). In October 2006, the China Border Group initiated the establishment of China Transport Construction Company Limited (China Handover, cccc), with a registered capital of 10.8 billion yuan; and in December 2006, China was established in Hong Kong.
In March of that year, the Chinese Stock Exchange in Shanghai publicly released 1,350 million shares, a portion of which was used to absorb shares and build bridges. The total equity after distribution was 16,174 million shares, which became an internationally capitalized building block on both markets.
Equipment manufacturing, etc., has more than 60 fully-funded, holding subsidiaries that provide investment finance, consultancy planning, design construction, management of a package of solutions and integrated services to their clients and are listed in Hong Kong and Shanghai, where companies ' profitability and value-creation capabilities are at the forefront of their global counterparts.
China's four core businesses – base-building, infrastructure-building, dredging and equipment-making – are in the lead in the respective industries. They are China's largest international engineering contractor, China's largest design firm, China's largest highway investor, and China's largest civilian fleet. In the area of capital design and construction, the company has a comprehensive construction project type and the completion of the industrial chain.
In the area of dredging, companies are the largest dredging enterprise in the world and account for the vast majority of the market share of the domestic coastal dredging market; in the area of equipment manufacturing, companies have long occupied the leading position in the world port container-lifting machinery industry and have been among the leading marine engineering support ship manufacturing firms in the world.
(iii) Shareholder distribution and equity structure II. The direction of business development is highly aligned with the national strategy, the market space is wide (i) the state of national infrastructure along the road is poor and the market space is wide
According to estimates, 66 countries along the route at the end of 2016 combined $13 trillion, with a population of nearly $3.5 billion, China 11 trillion, and China's per capita gdp being about two times the national average along the route, which also means that many countries along the “one-way” line lag behind China's economic development. According to the Asian Development Bank, Asia and the Pacific predicted that between 2010 and 2020, Asia and the Pacific would be in a situation of over 10 years.
Regional infrastructure development will require $8 trillion. China ' s capital investment in 2016 was $15.2 trillion, with an average value added to construction in 66 countries along the route amounted to $756.2 billion per year over a decade, and market space, even without taking into account the drive along the road, remained as shown in figure 7: Value added to construction in 66 countries along the road from 2000 to 2015
(ii) All the way to the strategic landing phase, the nodal countries of Central and Central Asia, South-East Asia, South Asia, etc., set in motion the infrastructure model - the road to the strategic landing phase, which will first push construction enterprises out
Over the past three years, there has been considerable progress in terms of the lack of access, access, and progress along the way, which will have a significant positive impact on China’s outward investment, which will continue to grow at a high rate in the countries along the main economic corridors and in the countries concerned, and will help to boost capital investment.
According to the most recent data released by the Ministry of Commerce, my business invested US$ 145.3 billion directly in countries along the “one-way” route throughout 2016; new contracts for outsourcing work amounted to US$ 126.03 billion, or 51.6 per cent of our new contracts for outsourcing work during the same period; and business completion amounted to US$ 75.97 billion, or 47.7 per cent of the total for the same period.
A total of 56 cooperation zones have been established along the route, with a cumulative investment of $18.85 billion, 1082 enterprises with a total value of $50.69 billion, and a host country tax charge of $1.07 billion has been paid, creating 177,000 jobs locally.2 The construction of the Silk Road economic belt in Central and Central Asia has accelerated, with the opening of a base model in the nodal areas along the road
The China-Pakistan economic corridor, which begins in Kashi, will end in the port of Guadar, Pakistan, with a full length of 3,000 kilometres, with the “silk route economy” in the north, the “sea Silk Road” in the South, which is a key hub for the north-south route, a trade corridor, including roads, railways, oil, gas and fibre optics, and an energy corridor, which will also be an important component of the “one-way” process.
Transport and electricity facilities, with a projected total cost of $45 billion, are scheduled to be completed by 2030. The official opening of the port of Bateguadal at the end of 2016 will not only lead to the economic development of Pakistan as a whole, but will also be the most recent point of departure for landlocked Central Asian countries such as Uz Bekstan, Tajikistan and the Middle East oil-producing countries, the Central Asian resource countries and China.
Western provinces such as Xinjiang will also reduce China ' s transit of oil around the Strait of Malacca by 85 per cent, with economic and political significance and far-reaching implications.
Figure 11: Port of Guadal, Figure 12: Central-Palestinian Railway Planning, Figure 13: Trans-Asian Railway Planning
Xinjiang is an important node for connecting the Silk Road in Central and Central Asia, where the construction of economic belts such as the Silk Road in China and Pakistan and Central Asia has accelerated. Investment growth during the 10, 3 and 5 years has been significant, with 1.5 trillion dollars in fixed assets invested in 2017, 50 per cent more than in 2017, including 200 billion yuan in road construction, 34.7 billion yuan in railway construction, 14.35 billion yuan in airport construction, 36 billion yuan in water construction, and 36 billion yuan in electricity.
Xinjiang has invested more than $181 billion in construction. (iii) Firms are deeply involved in the capital wave of operations in ports, roads, railways, industrial parks and urban complexes, and their operations and performance have accelerated.
With the rapid advance of national strategies along the way and the recovery of the global economy, companies have built on competitive advantages in the areas of global bridge building, harbour construction and dredging, port mechanism construction, and continued to work on the Silk Road and Port between Russia and the Russian Federation, Central Asia and South Asia.
In the first half of the year, new corporate orders of $431.2 billion, an increase of 52% over the previous six months, were expected to exceed $1.3 trillion.
2. New single-high growth in overseas operations and deep corporate involvement in the capital wave of operations in ports, roads, railways, industrial parks and urban complexes
Figure 17: Distribution and share of overseas operations of Chinese enterprises in the first half of 2017, the value of new contracts for overseas engineering operations was $14.3 billion, an increase of 57 per cent over the previous year. For several decades, companies have kept enring overseas projects for 11 consecutive years.
A cumulative total of 10320 kilometres of roads, 152 bridges, 95 deep water berths and 10 airports were built in line countries and regions, and more than 2080 kilometres of railway projects were implemented.
Enr's 2017top250internationalcontractors (iv) Company has a clear competitive advantage in infrastructure projects such as ports, roads, overseas railways.
For over 50 years, the company has been operating in 135 countries and territories around the world, with 193 field presences in 103 countries and regions. As a leading company in engineering and construction, the company has taken the lead in internationalization, has accumulated a large project reserve overseas, and has tracked multi-type projects in 66 countries along the “one-way” route, and has been operating.
A number of high-start, deep-impact and large-scale “one-way” projects and connectivity projects have been promoted as one of the drivers of the “one-way” strategy, with priority projects in the form of roads, bridges, tunnels, airports, ports, railways, canals, resource development, city integration.
In South-East Asia, there are railways, roads, ports, electricity grids, pipelines, etc., in Central Asia, the Central and Central Jiu Railways, Central Towers II and Central Asia's gas pipelines, and North-East Asia, including the China-Russia project. In South Asia, there is the China-Pakistan economic corridor project, mainly the Rekot-Islam road project, which has a total length of about 487 yuan.
The number of industrial parks contracted in the heart of the port is more than 17, with the main projects being the Colombo Port Urban Development Project in Sri Lanka: the Maldives Integrated Capital Development Project, which includes airports, blow-outs, inter-island transport and related support facilities; and the Mombasa Free Trade Area Development Project in Kenya, which plans to occupy about 3,000 acres of land.
Joint Free Trade Area, whose functions include, inter alia, trans-shipment trade, export processing, bonded storage, etc.
The capital sector, which accounts for more than 87% of the company’s business, is in a leading position in the capital construction scheme, capital construction and dredging industry. It is China’s largest international engineering contractor, China’s largest design firm, China’s largest highway investor, and China’s largest civilian fleet. In the area of capital design and construction, the company has a comprehensive project type, a well-developed industrial chain, and an international industry.
In the area of dredging, companies are the largest dredging enterprise in the world, and the country ' s coastal dredging market is extremely large3 with per capita revenue, Māori rates and net interest rates in the same industry.
(i) The most reliable engine of economic growth and stability in the next five years - investment
On the side, export commodities, in-house industrial activity, and commodity consumption have contributed little to the growth of gdp. The capital sector has been growing at an average annual rate of around 20% over the past decade, and data under the 13th Five-Year Plan remain optimistic, with 96.7 billion yuan in fixed-assets invested in roads in the first half of 2017, an increase of 23.8% over the next few years, with road construction completed.
Investment of $897.6 billion and investment of $56.2 billion in water transport construction.2 Analysis of data on key infrastructure investment content and outlook for the last three years: Road transport and water, and investment in public facilities management, with a per capita increase of more than 20 per cent per year, with the ppp model being a high growth in investment,
For a powerful boost, the increase of more than 20 per cent will continue to be maintained in the coming years; rail transport has remained largely relatively stable and cannot sustain high growth due mainly to the low level of marketization of railway operations, the excessive size of the total iron debt and the inability to introduce social capital. (ii) Ppp activates the new key to capital investment growth.
According to the latest statistics from the Ministry of Finance ' s ppp centre, as of the end of June 2017, there were 13554 national banking projects with a total investment of 16.4 trillion yuan, covering the country ' s 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and the Xinjiang Army, 19 industrial areas.
Billion dollars; a net increase of $670 million, $1,062.9 billion over the end of last year; and a net increase of $1,402 million, or $240.2 billion over the same period. Policies related to ppps in various sectors are being introduced and are being promoted with unprecedented intensity. New landing projects are expected to reach $3-4 trillion in 2017.
The screening of the fourth batch of ppp model project declarations by the Ministry of Finance has been initiated, giving priority to supporting private sector participation. In recent years, in my country, ppp has planned to invest $1.17 trillion. This fourth tranche is expected to be more than 750 projects, with investments of more than $1.5 trillion, and is large.
Figure 31: Size and proportion of investments in the third batch of ppp demonstration projects, Ministry of Finance
2. Roads are well funded, transport and municipal engineering ppps are on a fast-track ppp model, and there is no need to worry that the ppp's development logic will not go forward if the ppp's development logic is false in 2017. The unsigned ppp part of the project will not move forward. A comparison of more than 10 trillion uncontracted ppp projects may be awkward.
On the ground, the government still uses policies to influence bank loans and provide low-interest loans for social capital involved in the ppp project through financial means, to increase its trust in the short term. The sooner the ppp project is signed, the better the return is.
It will be one of the first Ppp projects to concentrate their results, and 2017 will also be the harvest year for the new Ppp orders. (iii) The company will explore green spaces in the area of transport infrastructure development through a combination of productive energy, financial instruments, and easy-to-use projects.
Investments, equity investments, equity swaps, participation in equity funds, project bonds, securitization of assets, issuance of durable debt, etc., accelerate the development of new operations such as finance companies and industrial funds, finance leases, trusts, etc., and build up the financial sector’s support system for business development, with investment-type orders growing by nearly 80% and municipal operations by 237%.
At the end of 2016, a total of 72.6 billion yuan was accumulated for projects in the form of ppp projects; investment of 28.8 billion yuan was completed, resulting in a larger stock of assets and excellent performance. By establishing financial instruments such as an industrial fund, the company took the lead in the process of dissolving assets and reducing the interest-bearing liabilities of the group.
This is expected to be followed by a sustained breakthrough in asset securitization at the ppp.
The company implemented a strategic, worker-to-business upgrade, committed to becoming a globally renowned engineering contractor, urban complex development operator, niche real estate, infrastructure portfolio investors, marine heavy industry and port machine manufacturing integrator, from planning design, investment, to a whole industry chain for transport infrastructure construction and operation, with new models that would provide a package of services and direct terminal customization services
For example, the external project Colombo Port City Project, which combines land containment, primary land development and real estate development, will be worth US$ 1 million, and the Port City Project will have a significant impact on the economic and human development of Sri Lanka and will create about 83,000 jobs for the population of Sri Lanka.
Figure 38: Port City, Sri Lanka 2, Deep Regional Construction Intervention, Whole-Industrial Chain Model