We'll be tax-free on Sunday, and the big team will win the bid.
Incidents: The Chinese National Brigade (601888), affected by news of the exemption group’s tax exemption on the main day, stopped today’s straight line after noon.
The equity structure of the tax-exempt bank changed from 100% shareholding in the daily tax-exempt group to 50% in the middle tax-exempt group, with 49% in the daily tax-free group; there was also a change in the directorship of the daily tax-exempt bank, the executive team, and the secretary-general of the China-exempt group, Wang Xing, became the chairman and legal person of the tax-exempt company in the day.
Chen Guoqiang became the director of the Japanese tax-exempt business.
Foreign investors in tax shops are currently operating at Capital International Airport (t2 and t3 terminals) and Shanghai General Market Value/Circulation (millions of dollars) International Airport (Pudong International Airport (T1, t2 terminal and Rainbow Bridge International Area)
With the expiry of the tax-free contract for domestic hubs, a new round of tax-free tenders has been opened since 2016.
"Accelerated growth with duty-free access, income-scale rise, deep, bead-free, middle-coloured, high-and-medium exemption, which is the largest and obvious day-to-day exemption " - 2015/07/31
The tax office has operated a front-line airport duty-free shop for years, with a wealth of managerial experience and resources, and a competitive price for its products. The tax-free group is based on travel, a country-owned background, and a tax-free operation from the Islands.
There is a huge increase in the number of requests for tax-free bids from the capital airport. The tax-free market started in 2006 and was the largest single competitor in the country.
A major advantage would be that the strategic layout of globalization would go further, and the expansion of operations would increase purchasing bargaining power and further increase the Māori rate. Moreover, the combination of the two would bring more certainty to the rebidding at Pou East Airport in 2019.
It is estimated that the capital airport will have an increase of RMB 255-500 million in bidding. The capital airport will be free of charge on a daily basis. The turnover in 2015 will be around RMB 4.5 billion, or close to RMB 5 billion by 2018, based on an annual growth rate of 5%.
At about 1:3, based on the net interest rate of about 10 per cent for international airport duty-free shops, the different winnings are calculated as follows:
Investment proposals: Based on the performance report, the company ' s net return to its mother in 2016 was 1.74 billion yuan, assuming that the company ' s former owner ' s performance grew at a rate of 10 per cent, reaching 2.1 billion yuan by 2018, plus a profit of 255-5 million yuan from the capital airport tender, with a median value of $378 million, net profit
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.