Wei Hongmei, March 23, 2017.
On March 22, the company’s share price rose and, as of the date of the report, the company’s accumulated share price rose from 22 to 22, and the chances of winning the capital’s airport’s duty-free operation increased significantly.
The China-China exemption group under the company’s flag will be tax-free on a daily basis and will hold 51% of its shareholdings.
Tax-exempt operations. According to the global list of tax-exempt operators released in 2015 by moodie, s034016030094 is Euro1,344 million for the tax-exempt line in 2015, ranking 10th in the world; and is sold by the Central and Middle Group.
The volume of sales is Euro1.16 billion, ranked 12th in the world. The size of the operation will be further expanded after the exemption of the group from the tax-exempt days, and its bargaining power over upstream duty-free suppliers will be enhanced, and it is expected that the benefits of the scale effect, such as the movement of goods, will reduce costs and take over the duty-free market.
On March 22, 2017, the rate will increase considerably, and the leadership will be further consolidated. After the exemption of the group from the tax-free market, the competition for the tax-free business of the capital airport will change completely, with the company’s chances of winning the bid greatly.
The South Korean tour will decline significantly, and the trip will have an alternative effect, allowing tax-free sales to grow. South Korea’s deployment of SAD’s anti-missile system will continue to ferment, and the Xianxian group has indicated that it will provide the government with roe (ttm)
At present, our major travel agencies have set up a Korean line of tourist products, and there has been a sharp decline in the enthusiasm of residents to travel to South Korea. Prior to that, our tourists travelling to South Korea were keen to buy local duty-free goods, and shopping expenses were being spent on tourism.
With the cooling down of South Korea, Sanya is expected to take over from South Korea with good weather conditions, abundant travel resources, and duty-free off-island sales. Moreover, the Sanya airport expansion project was completed and put into operation by the end of 2016, and passengers at the airport are expected to increase their vomiting.
Adding more than 25 per cent will solve the airport-hosting bottlenecks caused by the growth of Sanya tourists. As a result, the three Asian tours are expected to have an alternative effect on South Korean tourism, and the airport’s expansion is becoming more accessible, and the sales of tax-free goods will probably increase rapidly.
In February 2016, the Government issued the Interim Scheme for the Management of Border Crossings Tax-Free Shops, which decided to establish additional duty-free entry stores at the country’s 19 ports, most of which are currently covered by tax-exempt operations and companies.
In 2016, duty-free entry stores were opened at some ports, and the remaining ones will continue to be tendered in 2017. Companies, by virtue of their own size of procurement and logistics, are still expected to win, and are expected to become a growth point in the performance of their traditional tax-exempt operations.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth 300 index. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated according to the market studied in the product, i.e. studies on the credit and derivative markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; studies on the market aspects of equity, equity-based funds, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; studies on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, etc.
This report is presented independently, objectively and to the extent that you know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is independent of the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.