Research assistant: Lulitin.
On 24 February, a call for tenders was issued for duty-free operations in the international zone of the Beijing Capital Airport, where a competitive bidding exercise was launched. A call for tenders for duty-free operations in the international zone was issued recently at the Beijing Capital Airport, covering the area of retail duty-free operations in the T2 and t3 air terminal, with an area of 3603 m2 and 11,400 m2, respectively.
The tender announcement indicates that the bid opening date will be April 6, 2017, when the company will be successful and the bid will be settled. Moreover, in accordance with the bid announcement's qualifications as a candidate for tender, of the tax-free sellers who are currently eligible for bidding, the middle- and middle-level companies are the only ones in the country that can compete.
Enterprises that operate duty-free sales operations in the country. Businesses that have a strong bargaining power over suppliers in the procurement process, while middle- and middle-income companies have effective economies of scale in logistics, management, etc., to reduce costs and increase the profitability of their operations. Thus, middle- and middle-income companies, with strong advantages in procurement, logistics, management, etc., are more competitive among major duty-free sellers.
In 2016, the number of passengers at the capital airport was 94.411 million, of which 24.503 million were on international routes, ranking among the country’s major civil airports. In 2015, Beijing airport was achieved.
The net interest rate of the tax-free market is currently around 15%. If the company is exempt from the tax-free market, the price is quoted or relatively radical, and the net interest rate of the airport duty-free business is generally lower than the net rate of the tax-free market in the city, then the net interest rate of the tax-exempt operation in the capital airport is assumed to be 10%, based on the sales income of $4 billion, the winning bid t2, the operating area, the t3 area and the middle two areas.
The net profits will be $96 million, $304 million and $400 million (assuming that the volume of business and the area of business in the two regions are positively related), and it is expected that the Hong Kong airport will be offered tax-free rights, if successful, and that the performance will improve.
Hong Kong International Airport (HKI), a major air terminal linking mainland China and the world, is expected to maintain a smooth and faster growth in passenger traffic and facilitate the development of tax-free operations in the future, in the context of the steady growth of our economy, the sustained expansion of external openness, and the acceleration of internal and external exchanges and movement of people.
In the top ten years of global ranking, sales are between $4 billion and $5 billion a year, which is comparable to the annual revenue from the tax-free international shopping mall of China and China. If successful, they will boost corporate performance.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommendations and ratings are given a base risk rating according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.