China Travel (601888) has a fast-track performance rating for 2016, and the over-expected exit duty-free policy has been eased to a new point on January 24, 2017.
Wei Hongmei's performance improved significantly in the fourth quarter, leading to a rapid increase in the annual net return to the mother. On a quarterly basis, the operating income achieved by the company in the first, second, third and fourth quarters grew by 4.7 per cent, 0.24 per cent, and 6.99 per cent, respectively.
Lolitin has a lower number and is expected to register a significant increase in the same year in the third quarter of 2016. According to the figures, in October and November 2016, the volume of duty-free sales in Hainan Island increased by 13.65 per cent, respectively.
On January 23, 2017, the policy was eased and it was decided that, as of January 15, 2017, passengers leaving the island by train could also buy them off.
Specifically, passengers leaving the island by train can purchase duty-free goods in Sanya International Free City or cdf off the island's network of duty-free officers, using personal exit tickets and valid identification documents, and leave the island after extracting the duty-free goods purchased at the railway point at the sea entrance.
The liberalization of the exit duty-free policy has expanded the range (ttm) pool of potential customers of the off-island tax-exempt products, and the performance of the tax-exempt shopping malls has increased for good companies.
A duty-free shopping mall suspended its collaboration with travel agencies, resulting in a reduction in the number of group guests; and g98 round the island, the high-speed Stone Bay to Sanya section was overhauled, resulting in traffic difficulties along the way. The tax-free city has now resumed its collaboration with the travel agency, and the high-speed from Stone Bay to Sanya section was completed in September 2016.
In February 2016, the Government issued the Interim Scheme for the Management of Border Crossings, which decided to create additional duty-free houses at the country ' s 19 ports.
Most of these ports are now covered by tax-free company operations, and the company has opened duty-free entry stores at some ports in 2016, and the rest will continue to be tendered in 2017. The company, by virtue of its advantages in purchasing and logistics on its own scale, is still expected to win the bid.
In September 2016, the company announced that 55.30% of the stockholdings held by the company’s original stockholdings would be transferred free of charge to China’s tourism group (formerly China’s tourism group).
After this transfer, the company is at the same managerial level as other major Chinese tourism companies, which will benefit the future China Tourism Group’s high-quality assets. Tax-free shopping malls have performed less than expected, duty-free shops at ports of entry have been opened less than expected.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommendations and ratings are given a base risk rating according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.