Wally Group (300979.sz) Net profits increased by 20 per cent year-round, with a red rate of 70 per cent.
In 2024, the company earned $24.06 billion, equal to +19.35%, and, mainly due to the general easing of the stock of sports brands, the order of the sports shoe manufacturer gradually recovered. The net profit of the parent grew by between $20.00% and $3.84 billion. The profitability of the company was stable.
The Māori ratio is the same ratio +1.2 pct, the operating profit rate is the same ratio +0.5 pct, the parent interest rate is the same ratio +0.1 pct, largely offset by the administrative cost rate due to the Māori rate increase. Operating capital liquidity is stable, inventory/capable, three new plants in Viet Nam started operating in 2024, the first plant in Indonesia.
The company’s new plant in China and another in Indonesia’s production base started operating in February 2025. In addition, the company’s supercritical physical bubbles are at the bottom, production lines are in Viet Nam, and companies develop, produce and produce supercritical physical bubbles at the bottom, performance and quality.
The recognition of many brand clients further boosts the company’s ability to provide for the core parts of sneakers and the customer’s stickyness. In four quarters, the company earned +11.9% per year, the net profit of the parent was +9.2% per year, the Māori rate fell, the sales increased rapidly and the average price increased slightly, with a small fall in the second half of the year.
During the year, 223 million pairs of sports shoes were sold + 17.5 per cent of the year; the unit price was about RMB 107.3, down to 79 per cent of the top five clients, and the number of new customers ' orders grew rapidly. For each client, the top five clients received 79 per cent of the total, down by 3 percentage points from the same year.
Moreover, the company continued to expand and optimize its client structure, and in 2024 it began working with adidas, and Wally Group (300979.sz) - there was sufficient stock of customer orders, expansion and upgrading of capacity began in September 2024.
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Third quarter sales-driven revenue growth of 18%, followed by years of industry performance and rising shares. Compared brand: Wally income statements are now better than major clients, and if Nike shows a subsequent recovery, it's likely to benefit further, and a new entry into Adhi is expected to benefit.
Wally Group (300979.sz) – Sales-driven income growth of 25% in the first half of the year, with a significant increase in Māori. Compared with peers: Wally’s rising ups in the lead, showing a competitive advantage.
The level of profit also helps to show business resilience in the future, and we maintain profit projections, and we expect the company to have a rapid increase in earnings, a recovery in orders, a positive expansion, mainly as a result of a general easing in the stock of sports brands, a gradual recovery in the order of the sports shoe manufacturer; and a net return to the mother.
The profit increase is from $20.00 per cent to $3.84 billion. The company’s profitability is stable, of which the Māori ratio is higher than the historical level of +1.2 pct to 26.8 per cent, the operating profit rate is equal +0.5 pct, the net interest rate is equal +0.1 pct to figure 5: the cost rate during the company period.
Sales grew rapidly, with a small increase in average prices, with a slight decline in the second half of the year. The share of the company ' s top five clients declined to 79% in the year, and the number of new customers ' orders grew rapidly. By category, the income of the top five clients together was 79%, a decrease of 3 percentage points in the same year.
The company began production in three new factories in Viet Nam, and the first in Indonesia began production in the first half of 2024. In addition, the company’s production line in the bottom volume of the supercritical physical bubbles became operational in Viet Nam, and the supercritical physical bubbles in the company’s development and production were bottomed, with performance and quality recognized by multiple brand clients and further upgraded.
The company ' s self-sustainability of core parts and components of sports shoes and customer stickyness. Figure 9: The company ' s main liquidity liquidity, four-quarter capacity bottlenecks, new factories just came into operation, corporate growth slowed, and the Māori rate fell.
The growth in the same-year ratio ranged from 11.9% to 6.5 billion yuan, the increase in the same-year net profit for mothers ranged from 9.2% to 1 billion yuan, and the Māori rate ranged from 2.3% to 24.1%, mainly due to slower growth in capacity bottlenecks, while the new plant had just entered into operation but had not climbed. The decline in the net interest rate was less than the decline in the Māori rate was largely offset by the optimization of cost rates.
According to splitting prices, the sale of sports shoes by companies in the fourth quarter was 60 million pairs, compared to +11.7 per cent, and the rate of increase slowed down as the production capacity was fully available at a high base of 2024q4, while the new plant had just come into operation and had not released a significant increase; the unit price was around 13: the sale of the company's quarterly shoes and the unit price of the shoes.
Industry: After years of the epidemic, Wally performed better than his peers, market share and customer share continued to rise, and comparative brands: Wally earned better than its major clients, with a significant increase in the contribution of Adi if Neck's recovery followed.
The company completed the inventory with its downstream customers, and the purchase orders recovered in 2024, and all grew better than the income performance of the major branders, especially in the face of the recent decline in the income of the core client Nike in successive quarters.
Nike's management guided the open performance exchange that the expected decline in revenue in the next quarter will deepen to below the median double digits, where the classic share of footwear will decline by more than 10 percentage points, while the current business adjustment initiative will have a lower sales ratio than the other brands.
The behavior of the business readjustment (especially the classic shoe money) has allowed it to recover its growth more quickly, and has facilitated the introduction and long-term development of brand new products. Shinzhou’s recent performance has shown that it will be better able to grow more resilient during Nike’s significant readjustment, and the company will be better off if brands return to growth.
In addition, Wally started working with Adidas in 2024 and started producing in September 2024, and in 2025 it is expected to contribute to a larger increase in orders. Adi himself has been ahead of growth since 2024, and in 2025, he has been guiding the way.
In this view, constant exchange-rate revenue is expected to grow in high digits in the 2025 fiscal year, with the adidas brand continuing in double digits 2, and comparative peers: Wally’s rising up-front share, showing a competitive advantage. With its fastest expansion and performance compared to other sports shoe replacements, Wally’s share of the market continues to rise.
Between 2022 and 2024, during the three years that the sports brands have been disrupted by the supply chain following the outbreak, there was a backlog of stocks, a de-storage, and a return to normalization, during which the brands optimized the supply chain, as well as changes in industry patterns. Other sports shoes were replaced by other sports headmen, Yumoto (manufacture) and Fontai, with a compound increase in revenue for 2022-2024.
In the wake of the changes in industry patterns in the aftermath of the epidemic, where companies continue to increase their share, have proven competitive power, and have a strong level of profitability that will help them to demonstrate their resilience in the future, we maintain a profit forecast that the net profits of companies in 2025-2027 are expected to expand less than expected, the process of destocking less than expected, and the risks of the international political economy.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject