Wally Group hualiindustrialgroup (300979ch) First coverage: capacity expansion combined with optimized customer structure, and Wally Group profit margins continued to emerge
The Wally Group is the world's leading sports shoe odm-manufactured core.
Card customers and a robust global production profile continue to consolidate their leadership in the industry. At present, Wally provides shoe-fixing services mainly for nike, adidas, vans, columbia, hoka, etc., head sports brands with a yearly delivery of 223 million pairs.
The company's main product is sneakers, with a revenue of 87.4 per cent of the total in 2024, while the Māori rate for this group is 27.2 per cent, the highest among all groups. In addition, the company manufactures outdoor boots and sports.
With sandals/shoes and others, whose share of total revenue was 3.7 per cent in 2024 and is mainly located in Viet Nam, with new production capacity in areas with significant regional advantages, such as Indonesia, China and Dominica, the total number of factories is expected to increase to 26 by the end of 2026 to be effective
Focusing on high-quality customer resources and continuously optimizing client structures to enhance risk resilience and growth resilience. Walli Group has long ploughed the global head campaign brand market with the world’s top ten.
Nine of the big sports footwear companies have established stable partnerships with high-quality and sticky customer resources. In 2024, the top five clients of the company included Nike, deeckers, vans, on and puma, with a combined contribution ratio of 79.3%, up from 91.8% in 2021.
It has declined, but it has remained highly concentrated, mainly because Wally, while consolidating the identity of core clients, has introduced high-growth brands such as nos in an orderly manner and continuously optimized the client structure to spread wind and risk and increase growth resilience. According to our calculations, the company went to the Nike Group in 2024.
In addition, Vans and deeckers account for 10-20% each, and the rest of the core brands such as Puma, ua, onon, newballance and adidas account for 0-10% of the total volume, with multiple and robust client portfolios.
As branders’ demands for R & D synergies, delivery efficiency, and sustainable production continue to rise, front-line odm manufacturers with the ability to combine R & D, scale manufacturing, and service large clients will be more competitive.
Carrying out core client orders, competing against the tendency of head brands to shrink the number of suppliers, robust profitability, providing a strong guarantee for robust expansion and sustained dividends. In 2024, the net profit from public revenue/repatriation was 24.1.384 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase.
Beams, end-brand repository will rise, leading to an increase in corporate orders and collections. In 2024, the rate was 26.8 per cent, higher than the rate of Fongtai (22.6 per cent) and the Xu dollar shoe business (19.9 per cent), mainly as a result of continued optimization of client structures and high value added branding.
The quarterly Māori rate for companies affected by a fertility climb fell from 28.1% of 1q24 to 22.9% of 1q25. The Māori rate for Wally Group Māori has room for repair.
In 2024, the company's free cash flow was 2.92 billion people.