For the first time, the Wally Group (300.979) covered nike, converse, vans, ug, hokaoneone, puma, underarmour.
The predecessor, who was founded in 1990, has been working in the shoe-shoe manufacturing industry for more than 20 years now and has a strong competitive advantage in shoe-shoe manufacturing. The firm’s equity is highly concentrated, with real control over the market value of Zhang’s share in circulation (millions of dollars)
Industry point: The global market for sports shoes has grown steadily. According to Euromonitor, the global market for sports shoes rose from $9,523 million to $168,645 million in 2011-2024, compared to 4.49 per cent for cagr, and is expected to benefit from consumer health awareness in the future.
Product science and technology, sports events, etc. are expected to grow steadily. Moreover, the centres of the global shoe industry have been shifting in recent years to South-East and South-East Asian countries, such as Viet Nam, Indonesia, India, Cambodia, and others, as a result of factors such as human capital, tariffs, and natural resources.
(1) Clients: High-quality, large-client resources, high-conversion costs of casting the moat. Companies have adopted a high-quality, large-client strategy, establishing partnerships with a number of well-known sports shoe brands, with a concentration of the top five clients over 80%.
The high demand for technology, speed of order delivery, capacity size, etc., and the need for suppliers to be deeply involved in product development have resulted in higher conversion costs for branders, and therefore firm clients are more sticky and well run. At the same time, companies are actively engaged with them.
The process of cooperation with new clients, through partnerships with brands such as Onrunning, Aics, Newballance, Reebok, Lululemon, Adidas, etc., provides a constant boost to corporate development.
The base is mostly located in Viet Nam, along with Indonesia, China, etc. Viet Nam has some advantages in distance, human costs, natural resources, etc., compared to other South-East Asian countries. 2024 s02705190001
During the year, the company sold 223 million pairs of sports shoes, i.e. +17.53 per cent of the year. 2025q1, China ' s Sichuan Adi Das factory was operational, and the company will build several new factories in Indonesia and Viet Nam over the next 3-5 years, s027052203002
(iii) Efficiency: low cost + efficiency, company profitability leading. Compared to the company’s listed company, Xuwon, Qui Qi, and Fongtai, the company’s income size is in the top position and profit levels are ahead, and there has been a clear upward trend in corporate profitability in recent years, largely due to low cost (large company size).
In northern and central Viet Nam, parts of the output distribution is lower in terms of manpower costs and closer to China) + high human effectiveness (managerial efficiency, per capita production lead), with an average of 99.99% and a stable product quality. At the same time, the supply chain system is well developed and deliverable.
Ken has accumulated a large amount of undistributed profits (an undistributed profit of $12.2 billion) and cash flows. Looking ahead, with the growth of the downstream sports shoe market and the growth of the company’s productive capacity,
Prolonged expansion and new client growth, with a steady growth in performance and a stable future profit forecast and investment proposal: companies are leading global shoe manufacturers, working closely with several well-known sports brands downstream, client resources are high and stable, and high conversion costs are found to protect them.
The city river. Sales are expected to grow rapidly as new customers expand and new factories become operational. We anticipate that taxes are still in the negotiating phase, but current stock prices for companies reflect the pessimistic expectation of pre-charged tariffs, which are expected to be restored if the US customs policy in Viet Nam is eased.
Taking into account the prominent position of the Wally Group in the global shoe manufacturing industry and its multiple advantages in terms of customer resources, capacity, human costs, productivity and management efficiency, combined with the high cash flow and the high proportion of cash dividends, for the first time the coverage was rated as “buy-in”.
The production base is too concentrated on risks, the risk of rising labour costs, and the risk of client concentration. Corporate profile: the world ' s leading professional manufacturer of sneakers, 1.1 the world ' s leading professional manufacturer of sneakers, collaborating on several well-known brands.
The Wally Group is the world’s leading professional shoe manufacturer. It's in the design, production and marketing of sneakers. It's a global professional shoe manufacturer. It works with sports and leisure brands such as nike, adidas, convers, vans, ug, hoka, on, newballance, puma, aics, underarmour, reebok, llulemon.
The company's predecessor, founded in 1990, has for more than 20 years been in the deep-shoe-shoe manufacturing industry and has had a more competitive advantage in shoe-shoe manufacturing, being one of the few professional manufacturers in the industry that can provide a complete chain from product development design, molds, footwear, soles to finished footwear manufacturing. The management headquarters and the development design centre are located in Hiroshima.
In the Middle East, manufacturing plants are located in Viet Nam, Indonesia, Dominica and Myanmar, and trade centres are located in Hong Kong and Nakayama.
□ Indonesian system □ and nike started working together to transfer to Vietnam
Vietnam's Lichuan, Vietnam's Hong Fu, Viet Nam's shoe factory, Viet Nam's Hong Bong became nike
Viet Nam Jungchuan, Viet Nam Bong Beje, Viet Nam established □ and Converse
□ Start running autour with aadidas and set up an authoritarian plant
Wei, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam.
The development of the nike center, the south leap, and it's expanding rapidly.
## And hoka ## Sichuan, China ##
♪ Start working with vans ♪ ♪ Wally Group in Shenzhen ♪
The development of Nakayama, the development center of the mountain, and the establishment of the factory,
Oneone □ Model factory, stock exchange start-up
We'll start working together, and we'll be able to build a business chain for shoe making at the same time.
It's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful.
One of the few shoe-making factories in the company whose main product is sports shoes, including sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots, sports sandals/shoes, etc., covers sports such as running, walking well, off-road, walking, basketball, skateboarding, daily commuting, fashion while waiting.
Chart 2: Classification of major products of companies
sports shoes, hokaone one
Outdoor boots ug, columbia, vans tiva, nike, puma
1.2 Shareholdings are highly concentrated, management industry is experienced, corporate equity is highly concentrated, and the real control family together holds 87.48% of the shares. The company actually controls the family.
Vi is the child of Zhang and Zhou Miyuki. The family is controlled by the company. As of the first quarter of 2025, the controlling family held shares in the Junyo Group, in Nakayama, and in Junyo Group and in Nakayama, in 2.63% of the company, and together 87.48% of the company's shares were held in the company.
Core management is stable, industry experienced. Corporate management team is stable, well-established internal management systems are in place, operating management systems are regulated and efficient. Most core management has decades of experience in shoe-shoe manufacturing, and industry experience.
(b) The positions of Vice-President Zhang Zhibang and Deputy Managing Director Zhang Yowi, Zhang Weng-heng, who served as manager, vice-president, director, etc. of various subsidiaries of the Wally Group, with extensive management experience; and Vice-President and deputy general manager Seo Yung-sung, who has been in the company for many years.
Producing business experience: Ms. Liu Sook-jung, General Manager, was Senior Director of Global Development Operations of Quixiang, with a wide range of years, with company operating income rising from $100.09 billion to $240.06 billion, and net return earnings increasing from $1,106 million to a positive growth in performance. In 2023, clients of selected sports shoes were still in the inventory cycle and in the form of the international economy.
The stock levels of dynamic branded products tend to be normal, with firm orders starting to pick up gradually at 2023q4. As the company continues to grow at a rapid pace, but as the new plant is in the early stages of commissioning, there is a certain impact on the company’s Māori ratio, with a slight decline in the mother’s net profit compared to the previous year.
In terms of cost rates, the main benefit is the lower cost of the company’s scalding advantage. In the main business, the share of income from leisure shoes is the highest. In terms of income from the main business, the share of income from the main business, 2017-2022.
The share of both outdoor boots and sports sandals/shoes and other operating income decreased, with the highest United States regional rate of revenue in 2017, at about 85-90 per cent, and the European regional ratio maintained Industry analysis: the sports shoe industry grew steadily and output shifted to South-East Asia
2.1 The global sports shoe industry has grown steadily in size. According to Euromonitor, the global market for sneakers rose from $9,523 million in 2011 to $16,645 million in 2024, with cagr
4.49%. In response to the epidemic, the global market for sneakers in 2020 was sold at $12.486 billion, compared to 11.8% in comparison with $11.8% in comparison to $12.481 billion in comparison with $148,281 million in 2021. It is expected to benefit from consumer health awareness and product technology in the future.
The global market for sneakers is expected to grow steadily, with new sports events, and so on. On the US market, the US retail market for sneakers in 2024 was $5068 million, compared to 6.65 per cent in 2011-2024, with a slightly higher rate of growth than the global market for sneakers.
Economic development, consumer health awareness, sports events, and policy push are the driving forces behind the rapid development of the sports shoe industry. In China, for example, in recent years, there has been a steady increase in disposable income for all.
In 2024, 64.17% of the population chose to maintain their health through proper sports.
As a result, the market in China ' s sneakers industry has grown steadily, rising from 66,032 million yuan in 2011 to 229,272 million yuan in 2024, compared with 10.05 per cent for cagr.
2.2 The industrial chains of the sports shoe industry can be dismantled as raw materials, designs, manufacturing, branding operations, retail outlets, etc. Upstreams of the sports shoe industry are mainly raw material suppliers.
Mostly, by broad category: shoe-surface materials (skin, textile fabric, etc.), soles (rubber, foam, shoes, rubber-shoe, moving shoes, sole additives, etc.), glued materials (glues, other adhesives and adhesive processors), packaging materials (shoeboxes, outer boxes, various labels, etc.), assistive materials (shoe belts, eye buttons, etc.)
The cost of raw materials is high, and price fluctuations have a greater impact on the industrial chain. According to the Wallies Group ' s 2023 split of business costs, the share of direct materials reached 61.94 per cent, and the combined share of direct labour, manufacturing, freight and customs clearance costs was about 38.06 per cent.
Midstream: The industry is dominated by shoe-shoe manufacturing, which procures raw materials from raw material producers, and conducts the design and manufacture of sneakers. Globally known sports shoe-shoe brands such as Nike, Adidas, etc. generally take a model of branding operations and manufacturing separation, in which branders focus on the shaping, marketing and production of brand values.
Design and manufacture are entrusted to professional shoe makers. The sports shoe manufacturers are predominantly the Wallies Group, the Xuwon Group, the Fontaine Enterprises and Xiaoqi International, with the Māori rate of the substitute enterprises being 18-26% and the net interest rate being 3% - downstream: the industry downstream includes branders, dealers, conduits and end consumers. (1) Branders: sports
There are a large number of players in the shoe-coating brands, which are relatively mature and have a wide range of brands, including nike, adidas, tamps, vf, puma, etc., and a more stable branding of head branders. For the last 10 years, the World Campaign has maintained a 32-37% market ratio for shoe-wearing companies, Cr9 between 38-45%, and a lower level of sneakers in 2024.
Spr5/cr9 represents 32.5 per cent/40.8 per cent, respectively, of brand-end enterprises, which, because of their pricing rights for sneakers, have a Māori ratio: several brand chambers of commerce have commissioned the distribution of products from downstream distributors, sports shoe distributors have representatives such as Victory International, Beatle, etc. The Māori ratio of firms in this chain is mostly between 30 and 45 per cent, with a net interest rate of 1 to 8 per cent.
Figure 20: The repair of the manufacturing end order for the sneakers performance industry 2.3 is ongoing, downstream brand stock is restored to health, downstream brander stock is restored to health. In 2022, due to uncertainties such as the epidemic, sports brands are advanced.
In late 2023, the stock level of sports brands such as nike, adidas, deeckers, vf, was gradually positive, and stocks continued to decline for several consecutive seasons and moved into normal areas, before opening up the replenishment phase and manufacturing end orders.
At present, downstream brander stocks have been restored to health levels. 2.4 The transfer of the production of sneakers to South-East Asia has been influenced by a number of factors, and the transfer of manufacturing capacity to South-East Asia.
In recent years, centres in the global shoe industry have been shifting from China to countries in South-East Asia and South Asia, including Viet Nam, Indonesia, Myanmar, India, Cambodia, etc., mainly because of: (i) the human cost advantage: according to World Bank data, Viet Nam, Indonesia, Cambodia, 2001-2021.
South-East and South-East Asian countries, such as Myanmar, Bangladesh and others, have net national income per capita far below China, and South-East and South Asian countries have a cost advantage. (2) Low tariff advantages: in 2024, the United States imposed base tariffs on the production of Vietnamese and Indonesian footwear, while the production of Chinese shoes was the basis of base tariffs on the base.
In April 2025, the United States announced a “reciprocal tariff” on its global trading partners, and then announced a moratorium on implementation and tariff negotiations with other countries.
As of 10 June 2025, the continuation of the US low-tariff policy towards Vietnam and Indonesia will depend on the final outcome of the negotiations. Currently, many of the international brands such as Nike, Adidas, and others have been gradually transferred to Vietnam and Indonesia.
Among other things, the capacity of Nike sports shoes in China declined from 23 per cent in 2019 to 18 per cent in 2024, while that of Viet Nam + India rose from 70 per cent to 77 per cent. Similarly, the capacity of adidas sports shoes in China declined from 18 per cent in 2018 to 14 per cent in 2024, and that of Indonesia rose from 28 per cent to 32 per cent.
Figure 28: China/Viet Nam/Indonesia/Cambodia/Myanmar/Bangladesh net national income per capita, 2001-2021 (United States dollars) Figure 29: Comparison of customs duties imposed by the United States of America in 2024 on footwear from Viet Nam, China and Indonesia (2) The United States announced a “reciprocal tariff” on its global trading partners in April 2025, followed by an announcement of tariff negotiations with countries to cut them off
As it was still under negotiation on 10 June 2025, this table does not update the latest tariff situation in 2025.
Through long-term stability, companies have accumulated valuable global resources for high-quality high-end customers, the top 10 companies with a market share for global sneakers, with good product quality, outstanding design capabilities, rapid response capabilities and timely delivery capabilities.
In addition, the company is the largest supplier of shoes and shoes of global brands such as nike, vf, puma, columbia, and underarmour. The company’s clients are relatively dispersed and do not rely heavily on a single customer.
Longer cooperation history, with more long-term, stable and high-quality clients. At the same time, the company is actively pursuing the process of working with new clients, building partnerships with brands such as onon, asics, newballance, reebok, lululemon, etc., to rejuvenate the company. In 2024, the company started working with Adidas, and began counting in September 2024.
Output goods. 2025q1, rapid growth in corporate income, adidas and newballance contribute a larger increase. Chart 32: Brief collaborative journeys of company major clients. Client resources are more stable, clients are more sticky and conversion costs are higher.
The higher requirements for product quality, process technology, speed of delivery of orders, scale of production capacity, and the need for continuous interaction in working with suppliers, as well as the deep involvement of suppliers in product development, have resulted in higher conversion costs for suppliers for branders, who generally do not easily replace them.
The share of vendors over 10 years of cooperation was 68%, with 37% over 20 years of cooperation, 57%-61% of the top four shoe suppliers in Nike, and 80% of the top five shoe suppliers in Columbia. From the top five customers in Wally Group, the concentration was averaged in the top five customers of the company in 2017-2024.
Maintenance of about 80 per cent, stable client resources and a more even distribution of client structures relative to their peers (Fontae ' s first customer, Nike, shares more than 80 per cent, and the second largest client, Nike and Adidas, share 40 per cent.20 per cent of manufacturing revenue), thus making the company more stable in its operations and relatively more risk-resistant.
Figure 34: Concentration of top four footwear suppliers in nike Figure 35: Year of producer cooperation with adidas 3.2 Capability: Cost advantage leading by partner, energy expansion driving up sales
The company has a reasonable distribution of its operations, and the distribution of production capacity maximizes the costs of controlling the costs. The company operates in Guangdong, China, Viet Nam, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Dominica, Myanmar, etc., using “China as a centre for management and development design, Hong Kong and China as a trading centre, and Viet Nam, China, Myanmar and Dominica as centres for processing and manufacturing”.
Currently, the company’s finished shoe manufacturing plants are located mainly in the northern and central regions of Viet Nam. Compared to other South-East Asian countries, Viet Nam is closer to China, saving transport time and freight costs, and having a certain advantage in terms of distance, manpower costs, construction costs of land plants, etc.
In addition to the effects of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in 2020 and the stocking cycles of some of the sports shoe brand clients in 2023, the company’s output and output have increased overall for the rest of the year. In 2024, the company’s sales of sports shoes ranked at 2.23 in the top of the industry, and the distribution of output was more concentrated in low-cost areas.
Compared with Xuwon Group, Fongtai Enterprises, Xiqi International: In terms of income size, Xu Yuan Group collected the largest amount of revenue, with $4.657 billion in manufacturing revenues in 2024, followed by Walli Group and Fongtai Enterprises, with $33.40 million and $2,668 million, respectively.
Indonesia, China, Dominica, etc. are well organized; the production capacity of the Xu Yuan Group is mainly distributed in Viet Nam, Indonesia, China; the production capacity of the Fontaine enterprises is mainly distributed in Viet Nam, India, Indonesia, and China; and the production capacity of Xiqi International is mainly distributed in China, Viet Nam, and Cambodia.
The company plans to continue building new plants in Viet Nam and Indonesia in the future, in response to demand in the consumption market for sneakers, based on the demand for expected orders from customers and plans for a decentralized production base. In the first half of 2024, the company built two new factories in Viet Nam (one in a finished shoe factory) in Viet Nam.
In Indonesia, where human and natural resources are equally superior to China, the company is expected to produce a combined production capacity of 50-60 million bingo/year in two phases of the plant, and the expansion of future production is expected to lead to higher sales. In addition, the company passed through Sichuan, China.
The rental method of the plant owned the finished shoe factory and started production in the first quarter of 2025.
In recent years, the company has taken the lead in terms of profit levels, as a result of low cost + management and productivity efficiency. The company's Māori rate, net interest rate levels, and the leading firms in terms of Māori rates/net interest rates in 2024 were 26.80 per cent/15.98 per cent, respectively, higher than Xu Won,  and Fongtai, and there has been a clear upward trend in the company's profitability levels in recent years.
(a) Low cost: the company’s production capacity is largely distributed in northern Viet Nam, with a large share of North Vietnamese labour resources and closer to China, with cultural backgrounds similar to those of China, with a greater advantage in both cost-control and personnel management; while the production capacity of peer enterprises such as Xuwon, Fongtai and Xiqi, with the exception of Viet Nam, is not low in Indonesia, China and elsewhere.
Power costs are higher than in Viet Nam. 2) Management efficiency: At the cost end, the combined sales and management costs of the Wallies Group in recent years have been 3.7-6.6 per cent, significantly lower than those of the Fongtai, Xiqi and Xu Yuan groups, indicating that management efficiency within the Department is higher than that of their counterparts. 3) Production efficiency: in terms of per capita production, it has been observed that for the last three years, it has been the most profitable collection.
In 2024, the Group produced 1306 pairs per person per person per person per person per person, with Fongtai, Qiqi, Yumoto, 893, 809, 962 pairs per person per person. The Group used the number of producers, Xumoto group employed the number of employees in manufacturing operations, Fongtai
The enterprises did not disclose the production/manufacturing of their employees and therefore used the total number of employees (the remaining three companies accounted for more than 80 per cent of all manufacturing employees in 2024); (2) Wally Group data for 2020 were not announced, where data for 2020h1 were replaced by data for u
The Panel did not disclose the number of manufacturing employees until 2022 and therefore did not calculate products for 2022: high quality and stable quality, continuous plus R & D. Companies have excellent product development design capabilities and high priority for product quality. (1) product development design,
The company has many years of research and production experience and has accumulated a variety of materials formulations and processing technologies.
In terms of quality control of products, companies have always attached great importance to the quality of products, actively sought quality control of products according to high standards set by clients and companies, established a system of quality management throughout the process from the procurement of raw materials, production of products and the testing of finished products, equipped with specialized laboratories for the testing of raw materials and products, ensuring that products run from the input of raw materials to the final product.
The quality of the company’s products is highly recognized by the client, and good results have been achieved in the quality appraisal of the manufacturer by a number of clients. In 2020-2024, the average product eligibility rate for the company was 99.99%, and the quality of the product was stable and reliable, meeting client expectations.
The company's supply chain system is perfect and the delivery power industry leads. A new shoe is usually designed for a 12- to 18-month listing cycle, requiring the deep involvement of a shoe-fixing firm in the completion of the product's listing.
For emergency orders, firms can reduce delivery times to more than half. By virtue of their outstanding development design advantages, scalable purchasing and manufacturing advantages, and refined management capabilities, firms have developed operational capabilities for clients such as “fast design models, fast-grading volume production, fast product delivery.”
For some emergency orders, the company can deliver within a month or even two to three weeks. The company has the advantage of fast delivery, and the ability to deliver on time has been at the forefront of the industry.
Complete industrial chains, skilled production workers, production managers with experience and long-term, stable product quality history, company production effectively meets the needs of large clients for timeliness of delivery. Companies continue to add codes to R & D, and the number of R & D inputs and R & D has steadily increased in recent years. Companies have created a unique identity for each brand.
The Development Design Centre, with a large team of development engineers and technicians with more than 10 years of work experience, is familiar with the branding and design concepts of sports brand clients and can efficiently convert graphics into sports shoe samples. At the same time, the company values the input and development of new materials, new processes, and in 2024 it invested $375 million in research and development, which is an increase.
21.26% for model development innovation, process improvement and innovation, shoe-side and process innovation, shoe-bed materials and process innovation. As of 31 December 2024, the company had a total of 4077 R & D personnel, and the authorized patent 147,2024 R & D inputs were constantly up and running at a cost of 1.56%.
Accumulation, continuous upgrading of the skills and process efficiency of companies in the manufacture of sneakers, and strengthening of companies in the manufacture of sneakers have the highest R & D rates in the four listed companies in the same industry, and similar R & D rates in the Wallies Group, the Xu Yuan Group, and Xiqi International. In 2017-2023, the R & D rates for four companies were stable.
The highest R & D rates were found in the Toyota industry, with 3.38 per cent, followed by R & D International, with 2.08 per cent, and in the SHSG/Walley Group, with 1.74 per cent/1.56 per cent, respectively.
Advantages (2025q1 undistributed profits of $11.2 billion) and cash flows are abundant. Looking ahead, with the growth of the downstream shoe market, further expansion of the company’s productive capacity, and expansion of new customers, performance is expected to grow steadily, not to maintain a higher degree of certainty about the share of red.
We divide the company ' s business by product into sports and leisure shoe products, outdoor shoe products, sports sandals/slippers and their other products, and others. Sports and leisure shoe products: sports and leisure shoe products are the company ' s main business, accounting for 87 per cent of the revenue in 2024.
As the stock of sports brands gradually subsides in 2023h2, the order from the sports shoe manufacturer began to recover from 2023q4. In 2024, the company sold 223 million pairs of sports shoes, compared to 17.53%, while in 2024 the company had three new factories in Viet Nam and one new factory in Indonesia, and the 2025q1 Adidas factory in Sichuan.
It is expected that the company will continue to build several new factories in Indonesia and Viet Nam over the next three to five years, which is expected to lead to further increases in sales. Thanks to the expansion of the capacity of the new plant, the cooperative push of new customers, and the outdoor boot products of the main client 2): the outside boot products are second only to the sports and leisure shoe products business.
The sales of outdoor boots are expected to pick up, as a result of such factors as uplifting, customer replenishment of stock, etc. (3) Sports sandals/slippers and other products: high volatility of sports sandals/slippers and other orders, 2022-2023 2 years influenced by partial use of sports shoe brands, and falling earnings from sports sandals/slippers and other operations
The stock of sports brands has been replenished, and the company ' s number of sports sandals/slippers and other business orders has increased significantly in 2024. We expect that in 2025-2027, the company ' s ratio of sports sandals/slippets and other operations will be the same as in the past: 2025q1, with the company ' s overall Māori ratio remaining at the same level as in the early stages of the construction of the new plant.
Looking ahead, as new customers expand, product unit prices increase, product structure optimizes, Māori tariffs exceed expectations, downstream customers may require manufacturers to share part of the cost of tariffs, and corporate Māori rates will be at the cost end: as companies grow, the cost of future scale effects is expected to decrease.
Due to the lack of consistent prognosis data for Xinhai Enterprises, Xiqi International, the Xu Yuan Group ' s business package includes upstream manufacturing + downstream retail operations (over 30 per cent of downstream retail operations), we have here the choice of consistent prognosis data that are easily available and that the main business is built upstream for a robust group (manufacturing socks and seamless clothing), Shin.
In terms of growth speed, the Wally Group collects 9.62%/16.09% of the net return profit in the last five years; and the Wally Group ' s Māori ratio is similar to that of comparable companies, with a net profit in terms of profitability.
The ratio is better than that of the BG, the G9: the assets and liabilities of the GWL are 23.38 per cent in terms of asset and liability, lower than that of the BHN, Shinzhou International, and the liabilities are at lower levels; the stock turnover rate is that of the GWL’s head executives, with high quality and stability of customers, better competitive patterns and low labour in northern Viet Nam.
Cost dividends, financial indicators such as capacity to grow, ability to operate, etc., lead, and future performance is expected to be higher than the average of comparable companies as the company expands its capacity and its new customers. My pessimistic expectation of tariff escalation in the period ahead is that stock prices will be expected to rise in the wake of the easing of United States customs policies in Viet Nam.
Repairs. At the same time, taking into account the prominent position of the Wally Group in the global shoe manufacturing industry and its multiple advantages in terms of customer resources, production capacity, human costs, production efficiency, management efficiency, combined with a strong cash flow and a high proportion of cash-red, the first-ever “buy-in” rating is covered.
(1) Risk of international trade and tariff fluctuations: The company’s operations are global, shoe-making plants are located mainly in low-cost areas such as Viet Nam, products are sent to various parts of the world at the request of its customers, and major raw materials are procured and delivered through international trade. In recent years, protectionism, trade friction, etc., have occurred in recent years, if international politics or the economy are concerned.
Significant changes in the environment, the trade policies of importing and exporting countries, etc., could have important implications for the development of corporate operations. In early April 2025, the United States announced a “reciprocal tariff” on global trading partners, followed by a moratorium and tariff negotiations with countries, which had not been concluded as of 10 June 2025, thus following up with Viet Nam and India.
Whether Ni’s tariff policy can be eased is still to be followed. If the US and Vietnam and Indonesia eventually have higher tariffs than the market expects, downstream branders may put a share of the cost of tariffs on manufacturers, at which time there will be a risk of insufficient demand for the manufacturer’s profits (2) downstream markets: current global macroeconomic uncertainties remain, while the US
The new government’s tariff policy may lead to higher prices for a variety of consumer goods and discourage demand for downstream consumption. A slow return to downstream markets could have a negative impact on the company’s business development. (3) The risk of an overly concentrated production base: the company’s current main production base, despite its recent deployment of factories in Indonesia, is likely to have a negative impact on the company’s business development.
Focus on Viet Nam, where significant changes in the political, economic, investment and trading environment have taken place, there is a risk of an increase in labour costs for company operations (4): shoe-coating is a labour-intensive industry, and human costs are an important component of production costs. The productive capacity of companies is concentrated in Viet Nam, where labour resources are abundant and labour costs are lower.
But as Vietnam’s economy continues to grow, and more firms transfer manufacturing links to Viet Nam, the labour costs are rising. If companies fail to respond effectively to the challenges posed by rising labour costs, rational planning and programming will have a negative impact on the profitability of their operations.
While the client structure of a company is more evenly balanced than that of its peers, it will have a significant negative impact on the company ' s operations if its main customers are to change significantly in the future in terms of production operations.