Near-visit c3 capacity doubles in c2 operations to take off - satellite petrochemical depth report (002648).
The company is expected to be the first private company to start production of ethylene fission in the country, with performance on the new steps.
Zhang Mingjian has seized the opportunity to lighten the raw materials of HC, and the use of the dock line has been approved by the Ministry of Transport and the approval process has been completed.
There is a low risk of maturity and high yield and competitiveness of the ethylene fission process. The US shale gas revolution has produced enough and cheap ethylene, which is four-dimensional B when compared to the fission of coal-based acetylene hydrocarbons and quartz oil.
The combined cost advantage of ketamine is in the range of $1,500-2000 per ton, and the profit is stable. *The supply of ethane in the United States is sufficient, we expect the future cost of ethane marginality to be around $315 per ton, and the price of ethane will not increase significantly. And the company, together with the United States of America, is financing the construction of ethylene transport.
Xu Kwanglen C3 industry has improved, and the company’s output will double next year. The company has been working for years in the c3 industry chain, completing the integrated layout of the industry chain, with significant cost advantages and bargaining power.
Between the end of 18 and 19 years, 450,000 tons of pdh II, 150,000 tons of polypropylene apparel, 360,000 tons of acrylic acid and esters, and 60,000 tons of sap capacity will be released, with the company ' s current operational capacity nearly doubling.
The price of propane is kept low. The price of propane is good.
The Department made a profit, making an average annual profit of nearly $900 million for only one of the operations after the second delivery. 1, “Satellite petrochemicals (002648.sz) three-quarter financial reporting points: c3 continued warming, with three-quarter performances rising.
II. The Report of Satellite Pulsification (002648), The Second Quarter of Profit and Corporate Equity Prices at Low Levels
Satellite petrochemicals (002648); Near-view c3 capacity doubles c2 capacity; East Hing securities depth report; Satellite petrochemicals (002648); Near-view c3 capacity doubles c2 capacity.
1.c3 Dragons c2 Industrial Chain 1.1 Introduction and development history of Zhejiang satellite petrochemicals Ltd. (stock code: 002648, short: satellite petrochemicals) is the largest and largest in the country.
The company’s head office is located in Ka-hing, Zhejiang, and has two major production bases, Ka-hing Peace Lake. With the advantage of leading production technologies and whole-sector chains, thanks to the advantages of fine management and location, satellite petrification has been rated as a national high-tech company, China.
The chemical industry is the most competitive of 500 companies, and China’s exclusive chemical manufacturing industry is the 50 most competitive. The company now holds shares in Zhejiang Satellite Holdings, Ltd., and actually controls the Yang Weidong and Yang Ya-Jen couple.
Enterprises, Comfort Care Supplies Ltd., which serves the lower of the c3 industry chain, and the American satellite ngl Transport Company for the Gulf of Mexico, which hosts the layout c2. Figure 1: The equity structure of the satellite petrochemical company
The advantages of industrial chain integration are evident in 1.2c3. The company was created to date to focus on the development of the acrylic and downstream industrial chains, with the production and sale of acrylic acids and esters dominated.
Industry. Then, through the introduction of the U.S. propane dehydrate acrylic technology, the C3 industrial chain was developed together upstream, becoming the country’s first producer of propylene with its own propane and downstream extension.
Satellite petrochemicals (002648). Near-view c3 capacity doubling to c2 capacity.
The company’s products are used for adult/baby paper diapers, high performance environmental coatings, glues.
Downstream areas such as agents, textiles, water treatment, etc., are closely linked to the improvement of quality of life. Figure 3: Corporate c3 and c2 integrated industrial chain layout.
Innovative and cost advantages in the industry have become the country’s best producer of c3. Currently, phase II of the production of 450,000 tons of acrylic pdh devices is under construction and is scheduled for production by the end of 2018. The 220,000 tons of hydrogen-based dioxy water project was completed in July 2018.
The three phases of the Acid and ester Project, which produces 60,000 tons of high-sortage resin per year, are in the construction phase, while the company is actively promoting the development of new materials for downstream high-moleculars, polyester slurry, ultra-filacular slurry, water, etc.
In addition to the development of new products, such as polyurethane emulsions, the expansion of the company ' s applications in the high end of textile clothing and the consolidation of industry leadership, figure 4: the existing production capacity of the satellite petrochemical c3 chain, the company seized the opportunity to move forward with the ethane fission ethylene project while taking root in the c3 chain.
After three years of validation and planning, satellite petrochemicals signed the Framework Agreement for Cooperation on the Model Industrial Parks Project, which produces 4 million tonnes of AFOs a year, with a total investment of more than 30 billion yuan in the projects planned for the import of ethylene and propane.
With the world ' s most advanced production processes and technologies, the planned construction of a ethane fission ethylene device, accompanied by downstream devices such as polyethylene, ethylene ethylene /ethylene ethylene, acetylene acetate and the like, officially sounded into the corner of the chain of c2 industry. Figure 5: Future layout of the chain of the satellite petrochemical c2 industry
The growth of production capacity in the East and the recovery of the industry will lead to an explosion in performance, and the growth of revenue and the gradual improvement of corporate performance after the lows in the industry.
The volume of production and ester production has been expanding, and the revenue from business has been increasing. The period of new production and intensive investment in the company is expected to expand further in 2018-2019.
Operating income of $2.57 billion in a single quarter, an increase of 22.9 per cent over the same period; net profit of $296 million in a single quarter, a significant increase of 40.1 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, taking into account the traditional acrylic acid and ester seasons that are usually observed in four quarters, figure 7 in 2018: net profit of a single-quarter company on a single-quarter basis
Figure 6: The company’s operating income is increasing, the acrylic acids and esters contribute the most, and the pdh ratio is increasing. Acrylic acids and esters are the company’s top business and have accounted for nearly 70% of total revenues in the last few years.
The company’s share of the company’s performance has increased considerably. 1,149 million yuan was contributed by the company’s (poly) acrylic business in 2018, an increase of 57.18 per cent over the same period last year, accounting for 26.37 per cent of the company’s total revenue, making it the best point of performance for the company.
The share of sap is about 1%, while the share of other business is about 4%.
East’s financial and intellectual booms are far more competitive than their counterparts, and the recovery from downstream textile printing has been beneficial, with the increase in the Māori rate of organic pigment intermediates.
As a result of the company’s integrated layout, the scale effect became apparent after the company’s sap capacity was expanded, product technology was rising, and good customer channels were established. At the same time, equity-based care was locked in downstream demand, and the sap business was lost to a surplus, with the overall Māori rate approaching 15% in the first half of 2018.
2. Ethylene fission project opens up the company ' s long-term growth space 2.1 Global lightification of ethylene raw materials into large trends, regional differences in the composition of hydrocarbon resources in different regions of the world, North-East Asia and Western Europe
The main input is stellar oil, whereas the Middle East and North America are predominantly ethylene-based, because of their abundant oil and gas resources. In 2016, the share of ethylene in the composition of the world ' s ethylene feedstocks was 35.7 per cent, while the proportion of ethylene oils was 42 per cent. Figure 12: Global ethylene feedstock structure
Figure 13: The ethylene raw material structure of our country, the shale revolution in the United States, which has greatly stimulated the recovery of the ethylene industry in the United States, has also created new prospects for optimizing the structure of the ethylene industry and improving industrial competitiveness in other parts of the world, particularly in the traditional heavy-materials such as stellar oil.
The import of ethane from the United States for fission devices is also seen as good by petrochemical companies. It is expected that by 2021 the proportion of ethylene raw materials in the world’s eastern financial and intellectual sources will increase further to 40% and the proportion of cerebral oils will fall to 37.6%.
In the context of the global trend toward lightening of ethylene raw materials, there is currently no single ethylene fission project in the country. The cost of ethylene production in China is much higher than in North America, the Middle East, and less competitive than it should be.
The cost advantage of the raw material will also attract more firms to gain access to the market for ethylene fission, which will contribute to a balanced supply of and demand for ethylene structures. 2.2 The global supply and demand balance for ethylene is tight, and the domestic market for ethylene is still huge.
2.2.1 Global supply and demand profile of ethylene as the global economy recovers steadily and global demand for ethylene has grown steadily since 2012 and is expected to grow well in the coming years. Currently, global demand for ethylene is about 15 billion tons, with new demand at about 600 million tons per year
There is still a need for a number of devices to meet the new demand. Global ethylene production is growing cyclically, driven by growing demand for ethylene, reflecting two major emission points:
Since 2016, the shale gas revolution in North America has produced a large excess of ethane. To absorb excess ethane production, the United States has built a large number of new ethylene production devices based on ethane or blended light hydrocarbons. Between 2018 and 2021, global growth in ethylene production will continue to be centred on Asia and North America.
Gradual release of new ethylene fission capacity for nearly two years, while lower ethylene fission costs will stimulate new light hydrocarbon fission capacity in the Asian region (mostly if China). The current growth in global ethylene derivative production continues to outpace growth in ethylene production, and global demand for ethylene remains tight.
Zhang, the start-up rate is high, and it is expected to continue until 2020. And our ethylene downstream needs are growing fast, ethylene derivatives are highly dependent on imports, and the market for ethylene still has great potential. Figure 14: Global demand for ethylene derivatives and total ethylene production capacity
Figure 15: Net ethylene production in all regions of the world compared to the rate of increase in total demand 2.2.2 We have strong demand for ethylene. The growth in demand for ethylene is largely driven by consumption demand for polyethylene.
As the source of wealth and wisdom in the East is stored, there are few direct commodities, mainly resold in the form of derivatives. Polyethylene is the dominant product type, followed by epoxy ethylene. Our ethylene consumption structure is now closer to that of the world ethylene, polyethylene.
Figure 16: Share of global consumption of ethylene derivatives Figure 17: Share of consumption of ethylene derivatives in China
The consumption of 2553.17 million tons is seen as a net import of 1155.11 million tons, with a self-sufficiency rate of only 54.8%, and there is still a large demand gap. In an environment of good economics and a gradual increase in the self-sufficiency of high-end polyethylene products, our consumption of polyethylene will bring more demand for plastic products to the domestic electricity market.
In 2017, China produced more than 2.5 million tons of agricultural membranes, accounting for more than 68% of the world total. As the new urbanization process moves forward, with the release of demographic dividends such as second births, ageing, and so forth, there is still much room for the country ' s electricity market. In mid-2017, the country used refrigerators.
The production of cold freezers was 86.703 million, an increase of 13.6 per cent in the same year, and the production of refrigerators (domestic freezers) in 2017 was 1.7928 million, an increase of 9 per cent in the same year. In 2017, China produced about 182 million air conditioners, an annual increase of about 12 per cent. The demand for plastics was about 3.45 million tons.
The demand for high-end polyethylene products will be generated by the automobile market. China’s per capita holdings are significantly lower than in developed countries.
Elastomers, compared to only 20% in the country. And as domestic firms gradually break through technical barriers and increase production, the vast quantities of lithium-cell diaphragms used in new energy cars in the East have been delivered from 110 million square metres in 2011 for six consecutive years.
With a combined growth rate of more than 50%. Lithium cell diaphragms in 2016 amounted to 1.27 billion square metres, an increase of 10 times in six years. The battery diaphragm moisture manufacturing process, using ultra-high molecular polyethylene as a feedstock, will be the future technology figure 18: Comparison of vehicle holdings by country
Figure 19 Lithium battery diaphragms delivered  holdings (one/thousands of people)
According to incomplete statistics, we will add more than 7.35 million tons of polyethylene production over the next five years, and for the market for ethylene, figure 20: our past few years of observed consumption and acceleration of polyethylene, table 2: China ' s polyethylene production project for 2018-2022 is not fully accounted for.
The textile market has rapidly expanded demand for ethylene oxide and ethylene diol. The domestic textile market has experienced a full outbreak of polyester fibre over the past decade, with China owning about 50 million tons of polyester fibre in 2017.
In the face of growing production of polyester fibres, the country is rapidly expanding its capacity to produce ethylene oxide to meet growing demand for ethanol and pet. Since 2009, Chinese production of ethylene oxide has grown at an average annual rate of more than 20%.
In order to increase self-sufficiency, the production of ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethanol continues to expand. So ihs predicts that Chinese production of ethylene ethylene will increase at an average rate of 10% per year to 2021. The production of ethylene ethylene continues to expand and increase the demand gap for ethylene.
Production of ethylene (containing ethylene diol) accounted for 22 per cent of total consumption of ethylene.
In 2016, the country imported 7.3 million tons of scrap plastics, valued at $3.7 billion, representing 56% of the world ' s total imports of scrap plastics. However, since the issuance of the ban, the amount imported of scrap plastics has been converted to tons. The first batch of imports in 2018 showed that eight enterprises had won rights to the scrap plastics, with a total import volume of 9335.
Tons of wealth and wisdom in the east; 7 in the fifth batch, totalling 6284 tons; and 10 in the sixth batch, totalling 3002 tons. The reduction in the recovery of scrap plastic raw materials will directly increase the demand for basic resin raw materials, which can also be needed for the production of basic resins.
Ethylene. The demand for basic resins transferred from renewable polyesters, regenerative rubber, recycled plastics, etc. will increase by 1 to 2 per cent, with the potential to expand demand for ethylene in the current state of ethylene supply, which is already tense.
Figure 24: Imported waste plastic batches in 2018. 2.2.3 The ethylene production capacity of our country will reach a peak in growth.
Investment in ethylene capacity slowed significantly, growing by less than 5% in 16 years. But, with oil prices rising steadily since 2017, investment in coal-based hydrocarbon devices has become more active. At the same time, more than 13 ethylene-based hydrocarbon projects are currently planned in the country, stimulated by higher levels of profitability and the two-way benefits of low-cost ethane feedstocks in the United States.
With 19.4 million tons of ethylene production capacity, we will be experiencing a new ethylene growth peak in 2020. Figure 25: Growth of ethylene production in our country.
2.3 Ethylene fission is currently the most competitive combination of ethylene feedstocks in the country, dominated by petrocephalic oil, and private refining, such as constant refining, petrochemicals, and von Leung Lei, all of which are accompanied by ethylene projects, which will gradually become operational around 19 years.
There has also been a recovery in investment. In recent times, foreign investments such as Bassov and Exxon Mobil have entered China’s petrochemical market, and the Exxon Mobil crude oil fission ethylene project in Chosan appears to have had an impact on the ethylene market.
2.3.1 The technical maturity of the ethylene fission process The technological maturity of the ethylene fission process is low. The ethane fission is generally based on the traditional steam fission process and is technologically advanced. Although there is no independent ethylene fission device in the country, the current flexible feed breakup is not yet available.
The system can process a variety of raw materials, such as ethane, quartz oil, hydrogen tail oil, in different fission furnaces, as well as in the same fission furnaces. It has achieved the nationalization of 200,000 tonnes/year of large ethylene furnaces, which is almost non-existent, yielding high yields and theoretical harvests of more than 90%. 1 million tonnes/year ethylene devices produce only about 20,000 tonnes/year.
Acetylene and less than 100,000 tons of c4, c5+ by-products.
Low investment in ethylene fission ethylene equipment. Production processes can be optimized in comparison with traditional installations due to the low ethylene fission by-products. For example, investment in production separation equipment can be reduced by abandoning hot oil towers. Thus, overall investment in ethylene fission under the same ethylene production capacity is 21% - 46% lower than that in quartz oil and methanol and coal-based hydrocarbons.
If one million tonnes of ethylene-grade energy is invested, the satellite petrified 1.25 million tonnes/year ethylene fission project is invested in about 15 billion yuan. The corresponding 13 million tonnes of coal-based hydrocarbons in Aldos are invested in 54.3 billion yuan, while the 600,000 tonnes of coal-based hydrocarbon lines in coal sulfon are invested in 19.3 billion yuan.
2.3.2 U.S. production of ethane at low prices has increased rapidly, and stocks have increased rapidly. The shale gas revolution has led to a rapid increase in ethane production in the United States. According to eia, ethane production in the United States was 2,374,000 tons in January-October 2017, while ethane excess was about 31.1%, close to 1284 million tonnes/year.
In the future, shale ethane in the United States will continue to grow rapidly as shale oil/gas progresses. Ihs predicts that by 2021 US production potential will reach 56.1 million tonnes/year, and shale ethane production will reach 42334,000 tonnes, an average increase of 171.2 million tonnes per year compared to 2016.
The U.S. is actively looking for exports of ethane. For digestion and efficient use of the rich and cheap resources of ethane brought about by the shale gas revolution, there has been a significant increase in ethylene production devices based on ethane or blended light hydrocarbons in the U.S. in recent years, while increasing ethylene production.
In addition to increasing exports of ethane in Western Europe and India, China's huge market for ethylene ethylene is also a source of financial prosperity in the United States. Figure 26: Rapid growth in production, consumption and exports of ethane in the United States
Figure 27: A surge in ethane stocks in the United States (in thousands of barrels) since November 2017, ethane companies in the United States have signed three export lists of ethane at short speeds, for the South Mountain Group, the Fugitive Heavy Industries Group and the Yangtze Coal Group Qingjiang Chemical Co. Ltd., and also for English and New Pulsification.
A joint venture with the United States Energy Transfer Corporation (ETP) for the operation and management of the ethane export facility was signed. Total supply of ethane was 13.9 million tonnes/year. Table 6: Status of the ethane contract between our company and the United States company
The price of ethane in the United States is now at a low level, and is forecast to rise in the future. The increasing production of ethane has led to extremely relaxed supply and demand, and large quantities of ethane revalued as natural gas have resulted in significantly lower prices for ethane in recent years, showing strong fuel price attributes, with the lowest price falling to US$ 130/t. But with new ethane fission in the United States, the price of ethane has fallen to US$ 130/t.
As a result of the gradual release and increase in exports, the pricing of ethane has shifted from heat to supply-and-demand pricing. The properties of the chemical feedstocks in the Bay area of b-ethane have been rising and prices have been rising. Separation equipment is concentrated in the Gulf region, and the distribution of supply-and-demand regions has led to a significant regional price of ethane.
The bulk of the separation equipment is concentrated in the Gulf of Mexico, and the pipelines for long transport npgl are charged for distance and transport. There are large supply and demand gaps in the Bay Area, lower stocks, and price and demand deviations in inland and Gulf areas.
Figure 28: Comparison of prices of ethane and natural gas in the United States, Figure 29: US prices of ethaneb and conway
The future marginal cost of ethane is expected to be $315/tonne. The production of ethane consists of three processes: gas collection, transportation, and separation. Because of the national distribution of npgl, separation equipment is concentrated mainly in the Gulf of Mexico and the limited power of pipelines, the transportation costs of pipelines account for the vast majority of the total costs of ethane.
The highest cost of ethane in the Bakken area is the marginal cost of ethane in the United States. Based on eia data, we estimate the marginal cost of bromoethane to be around $315 per ton, of which $51 is collected and processed, $54 is split, $210 is spent on pipe transport. This year, ethane is priced.
The main reason for this significant discovery is due to the lack of distillation capacity in the Gulf and the need to upgrade the ethane demand in the new ethane fission device. Significant fluctuations in the price of ethane will improve by 2020 with the introduction of new tubes and distillation capacity.
Figure 30: Distribution of main production sites and pipelines of ethane in the United States 2.3.3 ethylene fission ethylene is highly profitable and stable.
In terms of price differentials, the ethylene-Chinese ethane price differentials have been significant in recent years. The gradual rise in crude oil prices over the past 16 years has raised the price of methanol, which has led to a weaker economy of methanol-based acrylic hydrocarbons in our coastal areas.
At $35~55/barrell low oil prices, the difference between petroleum and coal-based hydrocarbons is close, but the large investment in coal-based hydrocarbon equipment and the high cost of processing make it difficult to achieve a profit/loss balance; the cost advantages of petroleum-based hydrocarbons are clear, and there is much room for profit.
At a crude oil price of US$65 per barrel or more, coal-based hydrocarbons generate a positive cash flow and have a better profitability; at this time, the price difference for ethane fission is significantly higher than the price difference for ethylene stellar brains; and when oil prices are above US$80 per barrel, the cost advantage of coal-based hydrocarbons is gradually emerging and has a better level of profitability.
Figure 32 ethylene below different routes is free of tax differentials, and when combined with fixed costs such as equipment investment, public works, etc.... our production of the ethane fission process is the most economically significant in the country.
China imports ethane at a cost of approximately $620/t. China needs to add port charges, shipping charges, import duties, handling costs, etc. to the price of mbethane for cracking.
Table 7: The cost of ethane fission feed in our country has gradually emerged as crude oil prices have risen to $70/t and the cost advantage of coal-based acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylates are now being acquired off the coast of our country on the edge of the profit-and-loss balance line.
– The economics of ethane fission may be challenged by the coal-based hydrocarbon process only if the prices of ethane in the United States increase significantly. But we believe that the price of ethane in the United States rose to $460/t in October this year as a result of the Gulf distillation capacity deficit and the periodic fluctuations caused by the start of new fission devices. As we have predicted above, no.
The cost of travelling to the U.S. is US$ 315/t. The import of ethane in the U.S. is not on the U.S. Tariff List.
Tariffs of 25% on imports of ethane into the United States will cost approximately $125 to lift ethane feed. Adding to this component, the ethane fission process is still relatively competitive. ethylene fission is more profitable.
The cost of raw materials is more than 70%, and is more affected by price fluctuations in raw materials. Coal and fuel coal together account for about 43%, but the cost of equipment is higher than the cost of money when ethylene is not profitable enough. The cost of imported ethane raw materials is only 39% compared with the cost of docks and shipping, among other things.
He has a relatively high fixed cost, which makes him the most profitable. Figure 34: Cost structures for different ethylene processes.
The company ' s ethane fission project is the most advanced. In 2017, the company and the National Central and Western Regional Cooperation Demonstration Area (the Xujiang District) Management Committee signed the Cooperation Agreement for the Model Industrial Parks Project for the Integrated Production of 4 million tonnes of AFOs a year, which plans to invest a total of $33 billion in the construction of ethylene fission ethylene and accompanying downstream devices.
In addition, work has been carried out on the establishment of a purchase agreement for ethane, the rental of a dedicated transport vessel for ethane, the construction of a domestic storage tank and a terminal.
The project is strongly supported by the government. Diversifying and lightening ethylene feedstocks is an important requirement of the 12th Five-Year Development Plan for the industry, and the introduction of ethylene production on the ethylene route is a useful complement to the existing route, which optimizes the product structure.
The “13th Five-Year Guide” for the Petroleum and Chemical Industry further defines the development objectives around the diversification of raw materials to accelerate the upgrading of existing acetylene devices. In addition, the construction of the 3.2 million tons of polycarbons integrated processing and utilization project on satellite petrochemicals has received the full support of the local government of Jiangsu.
The construction of pipelines and docks ensures exports of ethane. The export of ethane is a key part of the export of ethane resources, while the U.S. land transport capacity and export facilities are being fully utilized. This avoids, to some extent, the increase in prices resulting from large exports of ethane, while the difficulty of other enterprises in accessing ethane resources increases.
Table 8: Export of ethane in major ports in the United States
The satellite petrochemical fully-funded American satellite has co-financed a joint venture with SPmt, a subsidiary of the United States Energy Transfer Corporation, to build a pipeline, dock, etc. export facility for ethane. Overall, 7 million tonnes/year of pipeline terminals will be built, with companies using their own resources of about 3 million tonnes/year.
The company has identified six dedicated transport vessels for ethane. The limited number of transport vessels is the main reason for restricting exports. The transport of ethane requires dedicated vessels, which currently have a capacity of approximately 165,000 barrels per day, less than the export capacity of US ports of 270,000 barrels per day.
The company has signed a lease agreement with Navigatorgas for six Vlec vessels to secure the raw materials for the 1.25 million tonnes/year ethylene fission project, and is looking for a partner in the lease of six Vlec vessels in two phases. The company is no doubt ahead of schedule on the 40-60 Vlec vessels that are expected to be added to the market in the coming years.
Acid is an important organic synthetic material and synthetic resin monomer, oxidized by acrylic and non-propylene downstream.
Most of the products used to manufacture acetate, ethylene, buttylene and sap are widely used in industrial sectors such as synthetic resins, synthetic fibres, highly adsorbent resins, building materials and paints. The domestic acrylic acid industry has developed over a decade, and downstream demand has grown, coupled with a limitation on productivity expansion.
The company has been working on the production and marketing of acrylic acids and esters since its inception, and has completed the integrated layout of the c3 industrial chain after years of accumulation. The cost advantage is more pronounced, with the innovation of R & D becoming stronger and the capacity level continuing to run, and it will be in the current pattern of corrugated acrylic acid.
3.1 The domestic supply pattern of Acrylic Acid has been optimized. The production pattern of Acrylic Acid has been optimized. The expansion of Acrylic Acid capacity has been significant, and the history of building acrylic capacity in the country can be roughly divided into four stages:
The country is in the early stages of industrial development, with less productive capacity. Growing demand gaps are supplemented by imports, and the acrylic industry is dominated by giants such as Bassov and Taau Chemical.
As a result, domestic Acid production is millions of dollars, while domestic demand for Acid is around 1 million tonnes/year, and the high profits from 2011-2015 stimulate rapid expansion and excess capacity. Many new competitors, stimulated by high profits, are entering the industry and new installations are growing in size.
Newly visible consumption is less than 200,000 tons. A 15-year industry-wide deficit is caused by a high excess capacity. Figure 37: Global Acid Growth, Figure 36: Our Acid Production and Growth Rate
In terms of future planning, investment centres abroad are still out of the c3 chain.
The export routes for acrylic products have been opened since 2012. As foreign demand rises, the overseas market for acrylic acid will accelerate.
Figure 38: Export escalation of acrylic acid: Figure 39: The acrylic acid industry cr5 exceeds 60%, with advances in technology and the extension of the industrial chain, bringing significant cost advantages to the scale effects of new devices and integrated layouts.
The competitiveness of small and old production capacities is declining. And environmental pressures persist, and backward production capacity is either being phased out by the market.
3.2 The demand for acrylic acid is very high and market-oriented. The main demand increases are provided by acrylic esters and acrylic acids. The main products downstream are acrylic acids and aqueous resinssap, which together account for more than 85 per cent of the total.
There has been a significant increase in the cost. Over the last two years, the apparent rate of consumption has been higher than the rate of output growth, and the industry-wide rate of start-up has continued to be raised. Figure 40: Downstream consumption structure of acrylic acid. Butyl esters are the most important products of acrylic acid.
Acetylene, butylene and isoctylene, of which the ratio is about 81%, the largest. In addition, Acetylene is the fastest growing demand in the last few years, with a 16% increase in apparent consumption in 2017, which is critical to the demand for pull acetic acid.
Figure 42: Structure of downstream consumption of ABS Figure 43: Production and apparent consumption of ABS Lower products are mainly water coatings and glues, which are applied to real estate and packaging, respectively.
The extensive application of paints to the gradual replacement of traditional paints and glues in packaging will be the most important Acrylic Acid. Environmental regulation in the country has contributed to the industrial upgrading of the paint industry. Although the paint industry is highly influenced by the economy and the real estate industry, rising environmental pressure has led to the substitution of water paints for traditional paints.
The market for water paint is expected to grow at an average annual rate of around 20% over the next five years, and the market share will rise to over 40%.
The growth of the East's financial, intellectual, power and courier industries has been the main driving force behind the surge in the demand for glue. The rapid growth of a large number of power suppliers has catalysed the boom in the fast delivery industry, and the demand for tape in the package has driven the demand for glue in 2015.
The rate of increase in the production of glue has declined slightly in recent years, but developments in new energy, electronics, machinery, automobiles, space and aviation have led to growing market demand for high-performance, high-quality glue products and are expected to continue at a higher rate in the future.
Figure 44: Paint production and rate of increase Figure 45: Glactide production and speed of increase
Acid (precursive acrylic acid). High-purity acrylic acid is the main raw material for the production of sap.Sap is used mainly for high-sort water-sorting sanitation supplies, with infant paper diapers being the largest consumer, consuming about 67% of sap. Other products include sanitary towels and adult paper diapers.
Figure 46: Infant and adult paper urinary panty consumption
The meeting noted that: Active action to address the ageing of the population and a comprehensive two-child policy. Potential users of infant and adult paper diapers will continue to increase at a higher rate in the future, pulling demand for sap.
As the standard of living rises, the country’s rate of leakage of baby paper urinary pants is rising, but the current level of 40% is significantly different from that of Europe and America, which are close to 98%. On the side of adult paper urinary pants, the penetration rate of 5% in the country is far below the level of more than 60% in developed countries such as Japan and Europe and America.
People’s habits of care have yet to change, and the age of population ageing has opened up larger markets for sap. The technological upgrading of Eastern financial and intellectual excellence has led to import substitution.
There is still a gap. The process is unstable and the quality of the product is low, taking over mainly the lower-middle- and lower-end markets, the upper-middle-high-end markets, especially in areas where the quality of the sap products is high. As domestic production processes progress, the quality of the products will continue to improve in the future, gradually replacing imported products from abroad and taking over the market.
3.3 The advantage of industrial chain integration increases the profitability of companies The price differentials for acrylic acids and esters have been gradually rising after 17 years. According to our analysis, the supply of acrylic acids has been gradually tightening after 17 years. Combined with the price of crude oil, the price and price differentials for acrylic acids and esters have gradually increased.
The six-month tax differential for acrylic acid gradually increased to around 3,000 yuan per ton, near the historical average, but there is still much room for interest levels over the 12-14 years. Butyl ester exports increased demand to a certain extent, and price differentials for acrylic esters improved more significantly.
Figure 48 Prices and price differentials of acrylic acid. Figure 49 Prices and price differentials of acrylic esters.
By 15 years or so, the poorer levels. Satellite petrochemicals, as the backbone of the c3 industry chain, will strengthen the industry by three main advantages, with guaranteed performance. The largest industry is the company. The company now owns 480,000 tons of acrylic acid production, and runs with the chimpanzee chemical industry.
Next year, with the release of 360,000 tons of acrylic acid and esters, the company will further expand its market share to around 24%, monopolizing it. Prices of acrylic acid are subject to large fluctuations due to unexpected factors, such as device accidents, and further increases in the market share will give the company greater control over the market.
There are 30,000 tons of acrylic esters and 30,000 tons of acrylic esters and 90,000 tons of acrylic esters.
The company is the only company in the industry that has access to the entire industry. The company actively expands upstream, with 450,000 tons of pdh acrylic capacity, and a further 450,000 tons of production capacity in the second phase. Pdh’s competitive advantage will further enhance the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Company c3 industrial chain profitability to increase resilience to the risk of price volatility of raw materials. Table 10: Company projected capacity and performance elasticity in 2019.
In recent years, the domestic downstream industry has been growing rapidly, and the apparent consumption of acetylene has been increasing by more than 10% in fast lanes.
The acrylic industry basically encompasses all the world's Acrylic production processes, high production capacity, product diversification, market leaps, and frequent price fluctuations that characterize the acrylic industry. The propane dehydrate acrylic industry is three. The crude oil route can also be divided into vapour fission and catalytic fission.
The highest proportion of crude oil-based vapour fissions and catalytic fissions from three barrels of oil was found, at a combined rate of 60%. New production processes, mainly coal-based hydrocarbons and propane dehydrogens, have also developed rapidly in recent years and have shown greater economic performance.
Figure 50: The acrylic raw material in our country constitutes a significant gap in acrylic capacity, and pdh will be the best alternative route. In the traditional oil-based acrylic vapour fission and catalytic fission routes, acrylic is present as a by-product of ethylene and finished oil, respectively.
As a result of the revolution in light materials, ethane fission congratulates the evolution of a replacement for pyre oil fission. In ethane fission, the proportion of acrylic as a by-product is only 2%. There is also a gradual excess of refined oil production in the country, as well as a build-up of petrocephalus, which is constrained by the production of finished oil and by-product acryne, and the demand for diesel fuel is increasing at a lower rate than the demand for acryne.
In 2017, China produced approximately 34.2 million tons of propene, producing 28.39 million tons, and consumed 31,49 million tons, and still depends on imports. Substream acrylic derivatives are mainly polypropylene, epoxypropanes, acrylic acid, etc.
Consumption of polypropylene products exceeds 70%. Similar to ethylene, it can be said that the demand for acrylic is mainly driven by the demand for polypropylene. Figure 52: Downstream consumption structure of acrylic
Figure 53: The supply and demand of polypropene and the increase in demand are currently relatively balanced, but there is still a gap. Since 2013, the demand for acrylic has remained at more than 10%, with a significant increase in production.
Production of polypropylene production is increasing in 2017. However, new production is still dominated by homogenous low-end commons, while specialized materials, such as high-end plastics, fibres and film tubes, are heavily dependent on imports. As production technology progresses, and the development of molten metal catalytic processes, the market for future high-end specialized materials is expected to grow.
We are the world's largest producer of epoxypropane, with a combined capacity of tonnes in 2017. epoxypropanes have always been more profitable, with minimal start-up fluctuations, and demand for acrylic.
Acid has experienced explosive expansion of production by 2012, downstream products sap and acrylic acids have a very broad outlook, and future demand growth will drive demand for acrylic, which is an important source of company upstream expansion, while the growth in acrylic production has slowed significantly in the last two years, with new acrylic production in 2017 yielding only 1.54 million tons, which is increasing at a similar rate.
Only 4.7%, leading to an overall increase in industry start-up, which currently stands at around 83%. With the gradual introduction of new pdh and coal-based production capacity in the country, the rate of growth in new AC capacity over the next three years will be around 10%, which is roughly consistent with the apparent rate of increase in consumption. The good pattern in the AC industry remains unchanged and profitability can be maintained.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 54: Acrylic production and rate of increase in production: Figure 55: Acrylic consumption and rate of increase
Table 11: Future proposed new production of acrylic.
From the proposed new ACL, the expansion of the future AC capacity is largely dependent on pdh and coal. We believe that the development of the coal production capacity will be constrained by new environmental regulations, and that companies tend to have more polyethylene production of acrylic, which is difficult to mainstream in the market.
The advantages of pdh are remarkable in comparison to several processes: raw materials and products are relatively homogeneous, acrylic harvest rates are high, product quality is high and suitable for diverse downstream demand; and profitability is high, and it remained profitable at a low price in 2016, and profits were sustained in 2017.
More than $1,200, which is gaining momentum. Figure 56: Māori comparison of different production processes for acrylic is equally significant: the price of raw propane directly determines the cost of pdh production and the basics of high purity propane production
There is some uncertainty about dependence on imports. We believe that the current tight US-China trade relations have created a good partnership for the creation of new ones, and that the raw propane comes from the Middle East region and is not disproportionately influenced by the political situation.
Table 12: Comparison of acrylic production processes with a low price of 4.4 propane and good pdh is profitable. US propane production is sufficient and the supply of propane is secure.
The production and export of propane in the United States have increased dramatically since 2012, reaching 1.2 million barrels per day in 2017. With further expansion of crude oil exports in the United States, propane production is expected to continue to rise, and additional production in the United States alone is expected to cover the demand for raw materials for new pdh projects worldwide.
Procane is currently procured domestically from the Middle East and the United States, mainly in the Middle East, and imports from the United States account for about 25%. But with the opening of the new Panama Canal, there has been a significant reduction in the transport of ethane exported from the United States and the current 40-day voyage from the United States to the eastern coast of China to the Gulf of Mexico.
Short of 25 days. A large number of exports of propane in the United States will be highly competitive with propane in the Middle East, and future exports will be shown in figure 57: US propane production and export volumes. Competition in the supply market leaves the price of propane unattainable, and the company pdh project is guaranteed profitability.
The competition for the supply of the alkanes will continue for some time, both in terms of propane prices and the trend of the China-American trade war, and we believe that the company’s profits from the pdh project are less likely to be affected. The main reason is that, while Saudicp prices dominate the market, the price of propanemb in the North American market drags down the Middle East cp.
The price hikes in the East’s financial and intellectual booms. The price premium on cp-mb has been shrinking, as can be seen from propane price trends. One of the reasons for this is the gradual shift in the pricing of mbpropane from cost to supply-to-demand pricing, with prices rising;
The US’s position in the global crude-oil market is becoming apparent, with the strong will to expand exports and crush Saudi Russia, not to hope that oil prices will be too high. In the midst of the conflict between the US and the US economies, global demand for crude oil is bound to suffer.
The company’s propane raw material comes from the Middle East, and tariffs on imports of ethane into the United States have less to do with corporate profitability. And the acrylic industry is in good shape, and the cost-enhancing effects can be partly passed on to the acrylic and downstream chains, companies’ items.
Figure 59: U.S. propanemb prices versus Saudicp prices are about to double the capacity of 4.5 companies pdh to produce tons of polypropene.
In addition, in order to increase the value of the by-product helium gas, the company’s 18-year-old 220,000 tons of hyperoxy water project had reached its full capacity in August. Using its own hydrogen production, the project cost only over 300 ton of processing, with a net gain of about $4,500.
The T-ton polypropylene phase will also be tested next February. The polypropylene phase, as a pdh downstream companion, will try to develop a medium- and high-end polypropene product to further increase value added. The company is the only leader in the country with an integrated c3 industrial chain, and seizes the opportunity to move into the c2 industrial chain.
From the end of 18 to 19 years, the company will enter the intensive release period for new capacity:
At pdh2, 450,000 tonnes, 150,000 tonnes of polypropylene, 60,000 tonnes of sap, 360,000 tonnes of acrylic acid and ester production, c3 industrial chain capacity nearly doubled. After three years of industrial restructuring, the Acrylic acid and esters industry chain has been able to increase production in an orderly manner, demand has increased downstream, and the industry is warming.
The company’s performance in the second half of 18 years has eliminated pessimistic expectations about the company’s performance. We believe that the company has not yet done so.
The price of raw materials fluctuated significantly, production capacity fell short of expectations, and downstream demand fell short of expectations.
Satellite petrochemical (002648). Closely, c3 capacity doubled.
Master of Finance, University of Administration, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics + Double Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
Research assistant profile: Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering, New York State University, United States of America, cfa-witness, three years of chemical engineering experience.
Author of 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 articles signed by leading international academic journals, with a cumulative number of references. Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Tarsa, United States of America, four years of experience in overseas chemical industries, joined Dong-hing Xu Kunlun in May 2018
Both undergraduate and M.A. are in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and analyze their own research views. Any part of their remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.