- Physical layout speed, multi-operational co-benefits Sector: Ministry of Industry and Companies Category of reports: corporate studies
The company has developed into solar energy, based on the production and manufacture of photovoltaic components for over two decades, and is now the world’s leading producer of photovoltaic components. In 2022 and the first half of 2023, the company delivered 43gw, 27gw, and the world.
The company is actively working on an integrated layout to control upstream costs by increasing the self-supply ratio of raw materials. According to the company’s report, in 2023, the company will add 50gw laminates, 50gw slices, 75gw battery capacity.
As production capacity continues, companies, on the one hand, will control the production costs of components by increasing the proportion of raw materials provided by themselves, from the firm’s advantage in consolidating component operations to deep-coloured, intelligent energy operations. The company expands its energy storage operations, photovoltaic power station operations, smart microgrids and multi-energy systems, and actively promotes storage energy development.
Building a three-wheel drive for "Efficient Component+Track + Repository System". In the first half of 2023, the company began to release power cores, and as the production became available, the company would build light with the operational advantage of the photovoltaic components and tracking the scaffolds.
In addition to consolidating the advantages of existing products, the company is actively developing new product technologies. On the one hand, the company is moving ahead with the construction of a toncon battery capacity, while on the other hand, it is actively developing new battery technologies for the development of hjt batteries, ibc batteries, and calcium titanium stack batteries. On the hjt technology, the company built 210 feet by the end of 2022.
hjt high-efficiency battery laboratory in inch; bc technology, where the company ' s technical layout is in line with that of other head companies; calcium titanium ore stack technology, where the company has been developing continuously over the years, conducting multi-dimensional research around siltine singles, calcium/silicon stacks, silicon cell signs and instrument stability to form a company ' s technological reserve.
The valuation is expected to be repaired gradually as performance increases, covering for the first time an “enhanced” rating. Risks, international situation risks, excess capacity risks.
1.1 Based on photovoltaic components, the product matrix expands across the spectrum.