In the reporting period, companies achieved operating income of $21,441 million, an increase of 78.29 per cent, and net gains attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
At the end of the reporting period, the balance of the company ' s accounts receivable was $8,871 million. For fixed assets, the company strictly controls capital expenditure investments while fully disbursing equipment efficiency. During the reporting period, the company ' s fixed assets turnover was 3.36 times higher.
0.54 increases over the same period; 55 days of inventory turnover, 13 days less than the same period last year; rapid growth in operating costs, continued optimization of accounts receivable and timely return of value-added tax charges, with 9.24 per cent of corporate Roe during the reporting period, an increase of 3.05 per cent over the same period last year; net cash flows from operating activities
For $4,188 million, an increase of 95.51 per cent over the same period last year. 5g holding hands focused on the importance of research and development for the long-term cultivation of materials and innovative production technologies at the bottom, including materials, equipment and applications.
The company is becoming a global leader in leading the cutting-edge manufacturing industry. From a product technology perspective, the telecommunications industry will develop a trajectory similar to that of the consumer electronics industry, and hardware will be integrated and downscaled.
Looking ahead, in the technological transformation of 5g+ai, the base station is moving towards multiple ports, multi-waves, and the demand for precision manufacturing is increasing; in addition, auto electrons are moving towards smart driving, car networking, etc.
Block-to-system programmes have completed the construction of the overall development framework and have achieved the layout of the core products. s0790517080001 Profit Forecast: Keeping in mind that companies are expected to become 5g electronics and consumer electricity on the basis of the deep-farm antenna area
In the future, the company's business in connection with the car network is expected to maintain its high performance throughout the year.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.