21 August 2019: the company published its semi-annual report for 2019, revenue collection (214.1 billion yuan, +78, 29 per cent),
In the last year, there has been a steady increase in the recognition of the market for new products and a significant increase in the flow of cash. The share of consumer electronics in the first half of the year was 77,71 per cent, and revenues (16,662 million yuan, +99.32 per cent).
Net cash flow (4,188 million yuan, +95.51 per cent). The main reason for the increase in performance over the previous year was the relatively small growth in the first half of the year, when products showed a comparison of the company ' s performance with the previous certified index.
Market recognition has led to higher growth rates. 1) The motor belongs to the new product series in 2018, and indicators such as the success rate since the stage of volume production have been highly recognized by the core clients. 2) The acoustic products in the past year have had considerable room for improvement in the supply chain, and the results of this year ' s improvements have been demonstrated. 3) Communications
The base station radio frequency products (base station antennas, filters, etc.) and the corporate base radio frequency products have been made more efficient from the submersible companies on a continuous basis, with cost efficiency gains through improvements to the overall financial management system and controls on operating costs.
At the end of the reporting period, the balance of the company’s accounts receivable was used to control capital expenditures while fully utilizing the efficiency of the equipment invested. The operating cost rate was 10.69%, a decrease of 1.52% compared to the same period last year.
Rapid growth, continued optimization of accounts receivable and timely return of value-added tax charges. During the reporting period, corporate car layout, communications operations, smart manufacturing extended to wearing products.
Radio frequency products, photovoltaic products, and Internet products. With regard to wearing equipment, as the penetration rate of wearing equipment increases, the amount of product release will continue to increase. The company intends to publicly release up to $3 billion in remoldable funds, mainly for smart mobile terminal product production extension projects, smart solutions.
In the long term, the company develops its business, actively layouts its industrial chain, and attaches great importance to the long-term cultivation of materials at the bottom and of innovative production technologies, including materials and materials.
Research and development investment amounts to $4,989 million. The company, together with its core clients, has set up several advanced technology development laboratories, mainly to develop cutting-edge technologies such as research point glue, aoi-looking tests, and welding.
The hardware of the communications industry will develop in the future in an integrated and microfiche. In a technological change from 4g to 5g, the base station will move towards multiple ports and waves, and the constant penetration of car connections, intelligent driving, will also increase the demand for the precision of technology and spare parts. The company is now moving from parts and models.
Block-to-system programmes have completed the development of the overall development framework and have achieved the layout of the core products, with higher concentration and greater impact on corporate orders from large clients