High growth validates the growth logic, looks at the new business model of the company, strongly recommends (maintenance) Li Xing (research assistant)
Long 78.29 per cent, net profit to the mother of 1,502 million yuan, an increase of 81.82 per cent, cash flows from operating activities, ongoing validation of profitability, high growth in consumer electronics, automobiles and telecommunications, and in the last two reports, it was suggested that many of the company's new operations were in a period of profit release and that the company continued to optimize its finances.
The indicators are further validated. The quarterly profit margins of the 2018q1-2019q2 company (business margins minus investment returns - 50 per cent) can be seen as a significant improvement in the profitability of the operation by 1.71 pct and 0.82 pct, compared to the 201q1 and 2019q2 increases. The next step is a slight decline of 0.46 pct in the company ' s 2019h1 Mäori ratio, which can be seen as a significant improvement in the profitability of 209h1.
The growth in self-employment (2019h1yoy78.29%) is driven by cost-side improvements (2019h1 sales rate + management rate + R & D rate + rate decrease by 1.48 pct compared to the previous M & D rate, with cost-side optimization space still around 2 pct.
Further growth, yoy99.32%, with a rise in revenue between 8.2 pct and 77.71%; communications with a similar increase in the saturation of the home-based smartphones, the company’s performance in consumer electronics continued to be excellent, indicating a smoother expansion of its business around a client. On the side of consumer electronics, we believe that the company’s airpods business is well-established, and that, on the other hand, the company’s business is well-established.
By the same time, antennas, acoustics, and motor operations will continue to benefit from a larger share of customers. On the other hand, we believe that the company will benefit from the nationalization of communications equipment, and that the company connectors and connection lines are expected to break through.
The business of the base antenna filters is expected to benefit from the construction of the 5g base station. Operational capacity has increased continuously, and high R & D inputs have favoured the expansion of the company’s new business, 3.94, which is better than it has been for the past three years, indicating that the company’s operational capacity has continued to grow.
Broadly certified hesitancy - sophisticated (002475) - company depth - multi-purpose expenditure of $1,578 million, an increase of 69.13 per cent in the same year, combined with the company ' s high-precision system integration experience and learning capacity, to build new ecology of business models - 20190415
We're looking at companies that have diversified business developments, such as airpods and spk/rcv, antennas, wireless chargers, and so on.
In the light of the changes in the architecture of the side antenna and the material development, we believe that the company currently has sufficient technological reserves to capture this industry, the controlled investment drive, the company's business performance has improved considerably, and the company is part of the controlling investment enterprise, which is the subsidiary that contributes most of the profits of the entire company, according to the parent company.
2.7 times the efficiency of the subsidiary ' s operations, based on the financial data reported by the company, significant improvements have been made in the revenue collection and profits of the main subsidiary, namely, Gyan City Radio and Television Co. Ltd., Kunsan United Electronics Co. Ltd., Kotsu Electronics Co. Ltd., Utsu Electronics Co. Ltd., Steam Precision Co. Ltd., Telecommunications Electronics and Technology (Kunsan) Ltd.
Efficient M&As to build positive feedback systems for the "component module & terminal" product model. Companies have a strong market position in consumer electronic connectors and technological experience in research and development, which can be used as a basis for expanding other operations such as connectors, loudspeakers and antennas.
We believe that the company has developed a product class around a customer, and then into other large domestic and international customers. We believe that the company has built a positive feedback ecosystem around a large customer, with efficient M&As as a means of transforming the product model into a “component module terminal” and moving from the consumer electronic end horizontally to the communications and automobile end. This is the opposite.
The feed system, while giving the company room to grow, effectively reduces the risks of corporate business and technology overlap. In the case of absolute values, with red markers, we use pegs to value the company. Given the diversity of the company's layout and leadership, we give it
The company Peg is 0.9, with an average growth rate of 35.68 per cent over the next two years, giving 32 times the rate to the company, which maintains the company's “strongly recommended” rating. Xiao Myung-hung: Jiangxi Gau An, Master of Accounting, Wuhan University, who is currently the head of a widely certified student tmt team, head of the media and education industry, 5 years
Research experience in the media sector. Continuous follow-up on cultural media and education, with considerable research experience in the areas of recreation, education, marketing services, publication and distribution, with emphasis on research and analysis of the industrial chain, with a view to exploiting the value of investment from industrial supply and demand analysis and marginal changes in the industrial chain.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City