The performance of 19H1 was in line with expectations, with the continued release of new products from large clients, the valuing report/electronic components, which was published on 20 August and published on record in mid-2019: $21,441 million, an increase of 78.29 per cent over the previous year;
Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 1,502 million yuan, or 81.82 per cent over the same period; net profits from non-repatriation to the mother increased by 1,424 million yuan, or 87 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities increased by 4,188 million yuan, or 95.51 per cent over the same period; performance met expectations, profitability improved and cash flows from operating activities increased significantly
\triangleright \pct. The main reasons for the high performance were: (1) consumer e-business breaking out of new products, raising the share of older products and increasing income for large clients; (2) product structure optimization, improved operational efficiency, new product manufacturing
Good rate increases and profitability increases further; (3) cost controls are sound and cost rates are significantly reduced. “New customers in the old market for old products” strategy has been very effective, and multiple products in consumer electronics have been consistently released \triangleright
It's going up again and again. The combinations of connectors, acoustics, antennas, wireless chargers and vibrating motors have become the driving force of the growth, the ability to climb the slopes, and the ability to improve productivity and efficiency has led to increased profitability. According to the report of the Courtpoint Research, the volume of real wireless headphones worldwide in 2018 was about 46 million, of which the airpods delivered.
Approximately 35 million, with global real wireless headphones expected to reach 129 million in 2020.2 Airpods are favoured by their iPhone users because of their ease of use, comfort, sound quality, high sales of products such as the benefits of airpods, and rising penetration rates in the future, tradition (watch parts, airpods, etc.)
The volume and share of the product will also be expected to grow faster than expected. The company’s stock of plant land is adequate, capital spending this year, equity incentives and q3 performance will show confidence in the future, and expansion will address the capacity bottlenecks.
19°1 Performance meets expectations, big clients move on to new business, smart mobile terminal module production line expansion project, smart wearable equipment fittings product technology, annual performance meets expectations, large clients continue to break new business.
Renovation of the expansion project, 4 million new items of smart wearable equipment per year, replenishment of the liquidity project. 34.5 times, maintenance of the “recommended” rating, taking into account the company's future performance and industry leadership status. 1, new business expansion for large clients is less than expected; 2, share of new items is higher than expected; 3, and iphone sales are lower
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.