The company published its semi-annual report for 2019: $21,441 million in revenue during the reporting period, a year-on-year increase.
78.29 per cent; net return to the mother, $1.502 billion, an increase of 81.82 per cent over the same period; consumer electronics, with a high growth rate of semi-annual performance; corporate income, with a 78.29 per cent increase in the first half of the year, and a 81.82 per cent increase in the return to the mother, mainly due to an increase in the release of consumer electronics.
In the first half of the year, thanks to the growth of services such as airpods, wireless chargers, and lcp antennas, consumer electronics generated $16,662 million, resulting in significant efficiency gains and continued optimization of financial indicators.
At the end of the reporting period, the balance of accounts receivable amounted to $8,871 million, with a corresponding reduction in new production capacity and new products, giving impetus to sustained growth. In July 2019, the company announced its intention to invest up to $70 million of its own funds in construction in Viet Nam.
At the same time, the company issues a conversionable distribution plan, with no more than 3 billion yuan to be raised for the transfer of intelligence.
The technical expansion of the production line of the mobile terminal module, the technological improvement of the smart-to-use equipment components, the expansion project, the construction of 4 million new items of smart-to-use equipment per year, and the replenishment of liquidity, based on a market price on 20 August 2019.
The expansion of new production capacity and the layout of new products will give companies an incentive for sustained growth. Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. Apple sales have fallen; imports of new products have been lower than expected; and customers’ non-mobile products have not been sold as much as expected.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consultancy. Wang Da-ting.