The mid-term performance announcement of the Transport Bank (601328), a steady net difference and an improvement in the quality of the assets, Martin.
In the first half of the year, there was a positive increase in the revenue base and a 3.5 per cent increase in the net profit return. The net interest income fell by 7.98 per cent in the same year; the net income from fees and commissions grew by 1.42 per cent in the same year.
The q2 net difference was slightly higher than q1 and the cost of the deposit was down. The first half-year net difference was 1.57 per cent, which was significantly narrower than 16 years, and the quarterly round rebounded steadily. With the overall interest rate on interest-bearing liabilities, the first half-year interest rate fell by 4bps over 16 years, with company deposits.
A decline of 4bps and a drop of 2bps in personal deposits. ▪ A robust asset liability structure and weak growth in single-quarter deposits. Asset end: total asset size in the first half of the year; Increased use of capital clothing on public loans for transport, water environment and public facilities, services, etc.
Loans in the field of business; partner assets increased by 1.05 pc, or end-of-cycle liquidity eased the pressure to buy back-sales transactions, resulting in a decrease in the share of investment assets, with a total of $4.94 trillion in the structure of deposits, representing an increase of 4.44 per cent from the end of 16 years; q2 quarter only increased.
▪ The asset quality indicator is on the whole positive, with a “one-litre drop” ratio of bad rates to loans of concern.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Transport banks operate reasonably well, with strong wind controls. In the first half of the year, both business earnings and net return profits increased and asset quality improved.
There is a net decrease in the balance of loans over 90 days and more, with a decline in the ratio, the quality of assets falling, and little pressure on future adjustments.
The growth in profits is expected to accelerate. In 17/18/19, we expect the net return profits of the transport banks to be 0.75 times higher in 17 years and 0.90 times higher in average banks.
In the first half of the year as a whole, the difference was somewhat narrow; the q2 one-quarter difference was slightly higher than q1 by 1 bp. Such a trend is all related to the configuration and preference of transition development. Despite the narrowness of the difference, the confluence was the service real economy, with an increase of 267.188 million yuan, or 6.51 per cent, in the first half of the year.
The financial markets are more active, with bond investment – mainly in public debt, local debt, credit debts, etc. – and the final flow of funds to the real economy or to support it – will continue to serve the real economy in the future. The overall growth in trade and financial market operations has been positive, with good results in bond investment, though.
The “nominal interest differential” of these bond investments is general, but in terms of tax exemptions and capital occupancy, it is still relatively comparable in terms of liabilities. A significant share of the inter-employee liability is a current liability, with average daily inter-employee liability at 30002, the size of the loan on deposit and pricing:
Prices: The interest rate on credit has fallen, for two main reasons: on the one hand, the focus is on the service entity economy; on the other hand, loan returns are low for high-rated customers; on the other hand, the interest rate on this portion of mortgages made at the end of 16 is still relatively low. This year, interest rates on loans are expected to rise, with asset end prices rising or rising.
Mortgage loans: In general, mortgage lending has increased at a good rate this year, with mortgage lending still concentrated in more developed cities, with relatively second-line cities offering more risk-compliant investments. For public deposits: 17q2 transfers, there has been an increase in public deposits (129 billion more at the end of June, compared to 16 years), which is better than at the end of June).
Personal deposits: Personal deposits are a very important business, hoping to increase the share of personal deposits. Individual deposits have been relatively low, mainly due to historical reasons and the small number of sites, and in the future they will be based on the Internet, and the intersection will be positioned as a bank characterized by financial management, the most important of which is personal financial management.
A lot of work has been done in this area, and it is very prudent to provide products to clients, mainly in their own banks, which are carefully vetted. The product lines are not very abundant in the short term, but they can provide clients with a stable and reliable long-term return income that is growing in the first half of the year, resulting in a net return profit of about 39 billion dollars.
Of the 39 billion net profits, the offshore, integrated and so on contributed close to 5 billion, at a rate of about 10 per cent, and the six major ministries of profit, whose net profits were set aside before taxes on profits, increased by almost 14 per cent. In addition, 16 years of higher public and local debt were allocated. The average rate of turnover was lower owing to tax exemptions.
In the first half of the year, the bank card generated about $7.8 billion, an increase of 38% compared to the previous year, which is the dominant brand. The future will continue to consolidate the credit card’s contribution to income, using Internet thinking to develop.
The indicator for the quality of assets that passed in the first half of the year was good on the whole, with an undesirable production rate of only 1.2 per cent. In particular, for the overdue portion, the ratio of late loans to loans that were more than 90 days overdue was double down, mainly because of risk control measures, management tools, and the importance attached to credit risk control, which was raised to above the provincial branch level.
Dealing with "and moving control to all overdue and non-lated loans at risk. We believe that the trend towards better quality of future assets will continue.
In the past, cooperation has been broader, deeper in its foundations and context, the advantages of both have been more evident. Science and technology finance, smart finance, etc., will be further developed, and cooperation will be strengthened in the areas of consumer finance, supply chain finance, and risk management.
As the leading retail supplier, Sunning has a more robust business philosophy, focusing on the integration of the front line, using the bottom line advantage to break through the development of the front line. The “Three Ones” strategy:
(1) The establishment of the “Online Financial Operations Centre”, which is based on mobile banking, with a central department for online operations; (2) the Internet Finance Centre: the creation of applications for Internet finance; (3) the promotion of credit card operations.
7: Some 30% of projects in the current advanced programmes are almost complete, 50% are in the implementation phase, and 20% are progressing in accordance with external conditions. Some achievements have been made, such as in corporate governance, to promote full cooperation with HSBC; and the son-in-law.
There has been a substantial breakthrough in the optimization of the division's equity structure, with Silver International listed on the h stock market; six major lines of business have become the minutes of the mid-term performance launch of the Transport Bank (601328).