U.S. Treasury (601328.sh) Second quarter reduced provision to release profits; provision to maintain pressure
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company basics (RMB) Companies publish semi-annual reports for 2017. Companies achieved net profits of $38,975 million in the first half of the year, a year-on-year increase.
3.49 per cent net profits increased 5.7 per cent in the first half of the year and $103,688 million in the first half of the year, an increase in the contribution of retail lines; improvements in the quality of assets.
In the first half of the year, corporate net profits increased by 3.5 per cent over the year, with a 5.7 per cent increase in the second quarter and a significant 1.3 per cent increase in the first quarter. The recovery in the second quarter was a 3.2 per cent increase in the same quarter and 5.2 per cent in the first quarter.
Percentage point: The increase in net profit growth in the company during the second quarter was driven mainly by the downside of the cost of credit, and by the 0.2% increase in the company ' s prior profit in the second quarter (0.9% per quarter vs1), which was lower than the 5.5 percentage point increase in the profit rate.
Liu Zhiping slowed down; joint assets expanded faster in the second quarter, with joint assets expanding by 22.7 per cent in the second quarter, mainly for purchases.
At the end of the quarter, the active liability grew faster, with company deposits largely unchanged at the end of the two-quarter period, mainly financed by colleagues.
1 bp at the end of the period; 0.61 per cent at the end of the second quarter of the single quarter of the year, compared with 23 bps and 1 bp in the same period and 1 quarter of the previous year, with no significant decrease mainly due to an increase in poor disposal (Run ratio of 3.5 billion). The rate of negative/late 90+ at the end of the period increased by 8.2 pct to 80 per cent from the end of the first quarter.
Further tightening, but below the target bank. At the end of the period, the ratio of corporate interest loans and overdue loans, respectively, grew slightly faster than we expected, mainly because of the continued decline in the provision to release profits, and on the other hand, there are still pressures to deal with the poor, and the pressure on future companies to make the provision remains, and we expect the company to do so in 2017.
A 1.4 per cent increase in net profit from the year to year, corresponding to 0.76 per cent in 2017 pb, which sustains the firm's growth in investment, long-term low economy, continued high credit risk, corporate business risk, etc. Appendix: Summary of forecasts for three statements
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.