The Sinji Mountain Signals are in the air, spring and autumn (601021.sh)
q2 Performance reversal, sustained business resilience Description of events: semi-annual report of the company 2021, 2020h1, the company achieved operating income of $5,454 million, an increase of 34.82 per cent over the previous year; net profit return of the mother of $10 million, a negative gain over the same period; net deduction of the parent
Passenger transport has resumed its lead industry, with an increase in overall demand of q2 prior to the outbreak. At the supply end, the company ask grew by 36.50% over the year, and by 3.75% over the year, with the domestic rpk rising by 81.69% over the year, 41.82% over the 2019 h1, and international and regional shipping by 41.82% over the same period.
The short-term pressure on performance has resulted in an overall increase of 5.83% in rpk over the same period in 2019, resulting in a net return profit of $295 million, driving companies to lose in the first half of the year. There is still a significant gap before the epidemic.
Base routes are encrypted, and domestic aviation needs are continuously mined. The company has now formed hubs in Shanghai, Yangzhou, \triangleright Ningbo, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Shinyang, Shijia, Shenyang, Lanzhou, Xian, and many others.
At the same time, the company has stepped up the pace of construction of the new Jiangxi Namchang base this year. Three overnight aircraft have been dropped on the ground to open multiple routes, including Huaan, Hu and Hut and Pearlhai. The summer and autumn season of 2021 began, with the company adding 19 new routes, 7 new destinations and encryption of 23 countries.
Inner routes, as a result of the growth of the overall shipping capacity in March, compared to the same period in 2019, have fully realized the resilience and potential of the company's base network. In addition, the Chengdu airport has created opportunities for the company to develop the southwest market.
Investment proposals: The company is expected to expand rapidly through a return to the lead industry in terms of its capacity to operate more resiliently, and will continue to expand rapidly through low-cost operations in the future through a 28th floor of ITC at 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
Central Sea State 28 West City, Beijing, 7th floor, Shanxi Stock Company.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.