Incident: Beijing Bank, mid-2017, which achieved 26,498 million yuan in operating income in the first half of the year, an increase of 7.48 per cent over the same period; realization of net profit share for shareholders belonging to parent companies Bank of Beijing (601169.sz)
In the first half of 2017, the company's strategic transformation of retail business had shown remarkable results. At the end of June 2017, the balance of corporate savings savings was $252.6 billion, an increase of $23.7 billion compared to the beginning of the year; retail loans were $287 billion, an increase of $34.3 billion compared to the beginning of the year; retail clients reached 17.45 million, an increase of 810,000 compared to the beginning of the year; and vip clients reached 480,000, with a further increase in the share of high-end clients and combined contributions.
The balance of the RMB loan balance of the company's Little Insignia company was 333.2 million yuan, an increase of 14.6 per cent compared with the beginning of the year; the amount of less than 5 million small insignia loans and the number of households increased twice from the beginning of the year.
\Trangleright has improved the quality of assets and relatively high coverage due to the concentration of clients in the Beijing region, in the fields of education, health care, high technology, etc.
In the first half of 2017, corporate underperformance fell to 1.18 per cent, with 9 bp below the ring. In addition, the Department of Public Finance provided 237 per cent of the coverage, ranking relatively well within the industry. The improvement in asset quality, combined with relatively high provision coverage, made companies more resilient to risk.
Cindasecuitiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing City, $1.22, $1.35 and $1.54 respectively, maintaining the company's “increase” rating.
Risk factors: 1; macroeconomic growth below expectations, affecting asset quality; 2; excessive cost increases, affecting profit levels. \triangleright industry comparison.) Financial sector research since July 2014. Multi-dimensional research experience, international and domestic, macro-strategy and industry.
In July 2015, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the financial sector. Sindha Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which has been approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making in this category, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to specific customers, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.