Global monocrystal locomotives, continuously enhancing competitive advantages In-depth study of Lungi shares (601012) Corporate ratings: Increase in holdings (first time)
The company began with semiconductor technology, with single crystal silicon silicon as a support point for growth, and has now become the world’s single crystal glimmer of all-industry chains. So far, the company’s silicon silicon is the world’s number one commodity, with market rates expected in 2020.
The company has the advantages of size, technology, cost, brand, and so on.
Firmly expanding the production capacity of silicon, battery, and components is a significant advantage. Companies maintain 5-7% of their R&D expenditure, top of the R&D scale industry, leading technology development and product standards. Companies’ nonsilicon costs continue to fall, and silicon nonsilicon costs run from
A cumulative decline of nearly 90% has been recorded since 2011. Companies have continued to raise global brand power, gaining rating recognition from third-party institutions such as Pvmoduletech and Bloomberg ' s new energy finance (bnef) to enable companies to exploit global markets with high-quality products and services.
The vertical integration strategy opens up the growth space and improves competitiveness. Starting with the silicon business, the company expands to the photovoltaic sectors of silicon, battery, components, power stations, etc., to open up the growth space. Vertical integration brings with it access to key raw materials, channels, etc.
The synergy of operations is more conducive to the advancement of new product technologies, leading to increased efficiency, as well as greater profitability and competitiveness.
Lungi shares (601012) are shown in contrast to depth 300 when, under vertical integration strategies, they expand to components, battery fragments, power station construction services, etc., and are competitive with the advantages of scale, technology and cost control.
The city will continue to grow. For the first time, we give the company an additional one, and the company will create a dragon for vertical integration single crystal.
The company, formerly the New Alliance of Xian, Ltd., founded in 2000, with semiconductor technology in the form of silicon-based raw materials, developed the capacity to produce 30 tons of device-grade single crystalline silicon per year in 2005.
The company went to the market in 2012 and started in 2014 with layout components and power station operations, building a single-crystal whole-of-the-industry chain, building on technological innovation to drive industry development and industrial upgrading.
The company has formed a complete industrial chain from single crystal silicon rods/silicon tablets, single crystal batteries/assemblies to downstream monocrystal photovoltaic power stations. Of these, single crystal silicon rods/silicon tablets and single crystal batteries/assemblies are the company’s core manufacturing industries.
Now, the company has grown into the largest single crystal silicon manufacturer in the world, and the component business has been in the top five components of the world for two consecutive years, and the single crystal perc battery and component conversion efficiency has been brushed several times in a row, with revenues divided by product into single crystal silicone, solar components, power station construction, electricity, silicon sticks, battery chips, etc.
The company's performance has continued to grow rapidly in recent years. The industry has continued to grow as solar power generation technology advances in recent years.
In 2013-2019, the company ' s operating income grew from 2.3 billion yuan to 32.9 billion yuan annually (2019), with an annual compound growth rate of 78%. In the first three quarters of 2020, demand in the photovoltaic sector was affected by the epidemic.
Limited, corporate operating income and net return profits increased by 49% and 82%, respectively, at a high rate, and company Maori rates were influenced by multiple factors and cost rates were more stable. Corporate Maori rates have shown some volatility in recent years, largely influenced by a number of factors, including changes in external market demand and domestic and foreign luminous policies.
Policy, and its own technological advances drive down the cost rate. By 2018, Māori was on the rise, mainly as a result of increased demand for monocrystal photovoltaic products, while New Deal 531 in 2018 was a major shock to the photovoltaic sector, with a sharp fall in prices for photovoltaic products and a marked decline in corporate Māori rates.
After the New Deal, small and backward production capacity has been phased out, increased concentration in the industry and lower product prices have also stimulated overseas market demand, with supply and demand tending to balance prices stabilizing; while corporate R & D inputs continue to grow, leading up to advanced R & D production, and non-silicon costs continue to decrease and gain a cost lead.
In 2019, the company ' s Māori rate recovered markedly. Corporate cost rates have also remained generally stable, almost around 9% in recent years. Corporate roe has fluctuated, largely influenced by Māori/net interest rates.
Increased up to 30.1 per cent in 2017, mainly due to the high profitability of the company ' s monocrystal products, which were ahead of the curve and high control costs, and which would sustain higher profitability. 1.3 Corporate equity relations are stable and management is well-educated.
The shares of the company are stable. Li Jin Guo and Li Hee Yin are shareholders in the company, holding 14.44% and 5.15% of the company ' s shares, respectively, and the company ' s first and third largest shareholders, Lee Chun An, the second largest shareholder, owns 10.55% of the company ' s shares. In July 2011, Li Chun An presented his shares with Li Jin Guo and Li Hee Yin.
The commitment to concerted action has maintained the stability of the equity structure and contributed to the steady growth of the company. In addition, Chairman Chung Bao-Shin holds 1.7% of the company’s shares and is also the top ten shareholders in the company.
As early as 2006, company management viewed the advantages of single crystals and set strategic directions, focused on the photovoltaic camp, focused on technological innovation and product leadership, laying the foundation for the company’s continued development.
ii. Single crystal silicone leaders, city occupancy rates will increase further, with a clear trend towards single crystallization of 2.1 photovoltaic products, which will continue to grow, and a clear trend towards single crystallization of optical products.
Acquiescence, but because of the cost disadvantages of the past long period, multi-crystal products have dominated the market. The cost gap between single and multi-crystal products has rapidly narrowed since 2015 with the large-scale application of a range of new technologies, such as large-load hotfields, successive inputs, gold-clashing, etc.
The high-efficiency battery technology represented has had a more significant effect on the efficiency gains of monocrystal products, which in turn have increased the efficiency advantages of monocrystals, the cost of falling and the efficiency advantages of conversions, which have resulted in higher value ratios for single-crystal products in terms of the electricity costs, the current monocrystalization of products and the efficiency of batteries.
In 2019, the volume of single crystal silicon silicon silicon was exceeded and will continue to grow. In 2019, the market for single silicone silicon (excluding casts) was about 65%, exceeding 32.5% of the market.
The market for single crystal silicone p increased from 39.5% in 2018 to 60%, while the market for single crystal silicon n remained at about 5%. As the demand for single crystal products increases downstream, the market for single crystal silicone is expected to increase from year to year, with 80% of the market for single crystal silicone (p+n) in 2022.
According to the international photovoltaic technology road map, the market share of single crystal silicone will be close to 75 per cent by 2020 and will continue to grow; and the market share of multiple crystals will shrink from around 20 per cent in 2020 to 5 per cent in 2030.
The company has the leading crystallization technology. The company has raised the quality of the silicon rods, and has significantly reduced the cost of crystallization. The company has introduced rcz (a multi-loading crystallization technology).
In 2018, Lungi shares signed an efficient single-crystal cooperation agreement (continuing straight-line single-crystal) with Aishu, actively laying new crystallization technologies.
The company is now partially using the ccz crystallization process, and active R & D layouts will continue to consolidate the benefits of the crystallization technology. The company has the world’s leading diamond cutting process and thinner manufacturing technology.
The technology is in the hands of only a few Japanese manufacturers, and it was initially not applied to the photovoltaic industry, and the country is empty, from gold lines to cutting fluids and cutting machines. Companies continue to promote the process of cutting gold lines, develop domestic gold lines suppliers, and allow them to compete benignly until downstream equipment, feeders, etc.
Growed up, the diameter of the diamond line is being fined, the silicon slices are thinner and the cost of slices is decreasing. In 2015, the division took the lead in achieving 100% of single crystalline silicone cut-off in the industry, reducing the cost of silicon production and increasing production efficiency.
In December 2013, five Chinese single-crystal silicon silicon silicon companies in the Lungi Federation jointly issued standards for m1 and m2 (156.75 mm) single silicon silicon tablets, affecting the global photovoltaic industry and eventually becoming the global single-crystal silicon size standard in 2015.
In June, with no change in the size of existing components and no addition of new equipment, Lungi shares introduced the m6 (166mm) large silicone product, increasing the efficiency of the components and reducing the cost of manufacturing and power station construction.
Six companies, including Kor, Jingdu and Attez, have co-sponsored and launched m10-sized silicon tablets, using the 182 rule as a standard for the development of the next generation of silicon, batteries and component products, to promote industry-wide supply chain systems based on uniform standards, standardization of equipment manufacturing systems and customer application systems, and reduction
Companies have reduced production costs, such as electricity consumption, by laying production bases. In typical monocrysil silicon production, the cost of non-silicon is close to 50%, of which the cost of electricity is about 11.9% and the cost of non-silicon is about 11.9%.
About 26.5 per cent of electricity costs; 28.5 per cent of the cost of the zipper, 28.2 per cent of the cost of the sliced link, and 28.2 per cent of the cost of the sliced link.
The cost of monocrystal silicon non-silicon is declining. With regard to the elastic slices, the company continues to optimize the upgrading of process water, positive progress in energy consumption control, fine-lined applications, thin slices, national substitution of ancillary materials, and intelligent manufacturing. The cost of monocrystal silicon non-silicon has continued to decrease.
The average unit non-silicon cost of the crystal link decreased by 25,46 per cent over the year, the average unit non-silicon cost of the slice fell by 26.5 per cent over the same period, the core key quality indicators continued to improve optimally, the quality and cost of the silicon continued to lead by 2.3 companies' continued expansion of production capacity, and the city's share continued to rise to a strong leader position.
Global silicon production is concentrated in the country, with single crystals accelerating to replace multiple crystals. Global silicon production was about 185.3gw in 2019, and the top 10 production capacity was all domestic, totalling about 158.3gw, or about 85.4% of total production capacity. In 2019, our mainland silicon production capacity was about 173.7gw, yielding about 134.7gw, compared to the same year.
This represents an increase of 25.8%, representing 97.4% of global silicon production, and an increase of 4.3 percentage points in the same year, with the area of silicon playing an absolute dominant role worldwide. In 2019, the silicone chain increased its capacity mainly through the expansion of single crystal silicone silicon, with a capacity of 117.4gw, an increase of 62.8% compared to that of the same year; and a multisilicone production capacity of 67.9gw, a similar increase.
The company’s silicone production was the first in the world in 2019, and single crystal production was the first in many years. In 2019, the company’s silicon output reached 42gw, a 50% increase in comparison, accounting for about 50% of global total silicone production.
For the first time, 22.7% of silicon production is ranked first. The company’s silicon production capacity is monocrystal, and all of its new and expanded production is concentrated in Yunnan and Ningxia. In terms of single silicone production, the company has been in the forefront for many years, with the first two former and Chinese shares separated, accounting for 36% and 28%, respectively, of the total capacity of silicone monocrysis in 2019.
On the other hand, according to the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, the volume of single crystal silicon tablets in 2019 was 90gw, and the volume of Lungi and Central Rings were 6.5 billion and 5.1 billion, respectively, corresponding to 36gw and 28gw, with a market share of 40 per cent and 31 per cent, respectively, with a total market share of 71 per cent.
The company's monocrystal silicon silicons will continue to hold a leading edge. In line with the industry trend of increasing the penetration of monocrystal products, Lungi continues to actively expand its capacity. At the same time, the firm is actively working with upstream and downstream firms like Tonway to consolidate its advantage, with the company expected to produce about 75gw monocrysil silicon tablets by the end of 2020, and the city's share will continue to rise.
iii. Component expansion and development space, with clear advantages of vertical integration, the 3.1 company has gradually developed into a module leader. The output of its components has increased rapidly and is now a photovoltaic component locomotive.
As part of the integration strategy, the company acquired Zhejiang Leaf Photovolt Technology Ltd. at the end of 2014, expanding the industrial chain from silicon to component operations. Since then, the company has been moving on to component operations, increasing the volume of shipments from less than 1gw in 2015 to 9gw in 2019, the fourth largest in the world.
According to statistics, in the first half of 2020, the output of the company component exceeded 7gw, after crystallized for the first time, and was expected to remain second in the industry for about 20gw throughout the year. The revenue of the company component business has grown rapidly and has become the largest.
Revenues grew rapidly from $2.52 billion in 2015 to $14.57 billion in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 55%. Currently, revenues from the company’s component business account for about 50% of the company’s total revenue, and are based on the company’s revenue regulations.
The company’s photovoltaic component capacity expanded from 1.5gw at the end of 2015 to 14gw at the end of 2019, after 16gw at the end of 2019. Depending on the company’s production capacity, it is expected to produce more than 35gw by the end of 2020, making it a leader in the industry.
3.2 The company component business has a competitive advantage in terms of technical products, brands, and channels (1) the company's technological lead in the technology of the company's component products.
Continuous improvement of product conversion efficiency and product performance, maximum conversion efficiency of component R & D since 2018 60 perrc single crystal components per year with an average power of 320w, 166 dimensions perc single crystal components with a power of about 360w, while companies use 166 dimensions silicon technology with 60 and 72 perc components
He-mo5 will lead the industry into full-scale large power station efficiency patterns. On September 8, 2020, Lungi’s new generation of super-power components, the first he-mo5, was officially delineated in the Xianyang Kiloye region.
Mo5 based on m10 standard silicon, with a conversion efficiency of more than 21% and a high production power of type 72 of 540w. Optimized component size based on a significant increase in power and greater value gain for clients. Lungi is constantly accelerating the landing rate of new production, and he-mo5 capacity is expected to reach this year.
(ii) The company component has a branding advantage, and the products of the photovoltaic components have a longer life span and higher demand for brands from downstream customers.
Company products and brands are recognized by customers and third-party institutions. Company products are certified by authorities such as tüv, ul, cqc, jet-pvm, sii, and have been awarded pvmoduletech and Peng.
Third-party institutions, such as Bnef, are rated. With good branding and quality, Lungi has established a good reputation and reputation within the industry, and companies that have acquired a large number of customers, both within and outside the country, are manufacturing the pvmoduletech unit for the only four consecutive quarters of the world, aaaa, in 2020.
Pvmoduletech is an authoritative analytical tool in the industry, with an investment risk (or financingability) rating for all manufacturers of photovoltaic components in conjunction with the manufacturing capacity and financial health ratings of the enterprise. According to the Pvmoduletech report on the financingability of component manufacturers, Lungi relies on
Robust business and financial performance became the only global aaa company to have been crowned in four consecutive quarters in 2020 with 100% of Bnef's branding of financeable value components. Bnef is one of the most credible third-party research institutions in the world's new energy market, reporting on the value of financing, regardless of whether it is for electricity.
In the Annual Report on the Value of Components and Reversers Financing, the photovoltaic component area has a 100% financing value. The components are branded as Lungi shares, Crystal Energy, Crystal Australasia, Artes, Sky Convergence.
High-rated branded PV components will become more attractive. (3) Corporate component business channels have gradually strengthened, and global PV downstream markets have diversified.
In Europe, which is represented by Germany, following the rapid growth of emerging photovoltaic countries such as China, Japan, the United States, India, etc., the photovoltaic market began to develop in various regions of the world after 2013. In recent years, the number of countries with annual new light-voltage capacity of more than 1gw has increased from 6 in 2016 to 2019.
From our exports, the global market for photovoltaic demand is also fragmented regionally. In 2019, our exports of photovoltaic products totalled $207.8, an increase of 31% over the previous 31%, second only to the higher of the “double reverse.”
The export volume of the components was $17.31 billion, while the volume of exports exceeded 65gw and the volume of exports grew by nearly 60% on a year-on-year basis, a record high. The market for the export of the photovoltaic components was diversified, with countries like the Netherlands and Viet Nam becoming overseas, in addition to the regional decentralization of the market, and the customers of the components’ operations were more decentralized.
The market is more fragmented than upstream, with customers predominantly pec builders and power plant owners downstream of the industry chain. Decentralized market areas and customers require more access.
In 2019, the company’s component products were sold out 7.4gw, of which the top five countries in which the Lungi component was exported were the United States, Spain, Mexico, Norway, and Australia.
In the United States, India, Southern Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East, where firms are in the forefront of their growth, it is expected that in 2020, the share of overseas market sales of components will exceed 2019. The acquisition of Ningpoi will improve the global layout.
The main business of the camp is the production, sale and rental of photovoltaic batteries and components, and the existing plant is located in Vietnam. Ningpoi now owns PV cells with an annual capacity of more than 3gw and a photovoltile component of more than 7gw. Lungi’s future position for Ningpoi’s Vietnamese capacity is an international processing plant, which will be acquired into one.
Step-by-step upgrading of the company’s batteries, components, overseas production capacity, radiation exposure to markets such as India, the Middle East, etc., will help to avoid trade barriers abroad in the light-voltaic sector and enhance the overall competitiveness of companies. 3.3 Corporate vertical integration strategy enhances competitive advantage.
Starting with silicone, the company has expanded to include silicon, batteries, components, power stations, etc., and the process of industrial chain integration has gradually evolved. Its component industries have already earned the same amount as silicone businesses, and their contribution to performance has been remarkable.
In terms of the size of the capacity, the company continues to expand the production capacity of the chain, and it is expected that by the end of 2020, the capacity of the company ' s silicon, battery and component production will reach 75gw, 30gw, and 35gw, respectively, opening up the growth space.
At the same time, integration increases efficiency, leading to greater profitability and profitability.
The Māori rate for divisional component products is significantly higher than that of their counterparts, and silicon, battery, self-production is heavy, and with the expansion and release of the company’s productive capacity, the company’s market share will increase and remain at the forefront. Taking into account the trend in the price of the company’s silicon portfolio, we expect the company’s revenue from silicon operations for 2020-2022.
Component operations: The company is expected to be second only to the crystals in 2020, following its rapid expansion into the component business in 2015. We expect the company to produce 35gw, 40gw, and 45gw in 2020-2022, with a continuous increase in the market share of the components as the capacity is released.
In view of price trends, we expect 24.9 billion dollars for the company ' s component business in 2020-2022, respectively, and other operations: downstream power station operations, with the company focusing on power station construction services, etc., while actively setting up photovoltaic buildings for integration of bitv; and expansion of the company ' s battery cell capacity, mainly with its own components.
Business. Depending on the company ' s business development, we expect that in 2020-2022, the overall Māori ratio of power station construction and apparel will be determined mainly by factors such as product structure, price, and cost. On the price side, though price chain prices fluctuated in 2020 due to factors such as silicon supply, I have a downward trend in costs.
It is prudent to assume that the prices of corporate products will continue to decline with the industry after 2020. On the cost side, the company has maintained its technological leadership and size advantage, with non-silicon costs falling steadily, while the synergies of vertical integration also help to increase efficiency and reduce costs. We expect that in 2020-2022, the company's combined Māori ratio will be reduced.
We've chosen to compare the main companies listed in the photovoltaic industry, and Lungi shares are valued in the same way as the silicon companies, the central ring companies, and the silicon growing equipment companies, the crystals, which are higher than the component companies, Jing and the East, and lower than the battery equipment, the shares and the Sunshine Power of the reverse.
The division is the head of silicon, while at the same time actively expanding into components, batteries, power station construction services, etc., under vertical integration strategies, with increasing competitiveness and increasing city occupancy, given the advantages of scale, technology, and cost control. For the first time, we give companies an “enhanced” investment rating.
5.1 Industrial policy and international trade protection risks, as photovoltaic power is not yet fully affordable, the industry still needs government subsidy policy support, and the solar photovoltaic industry is more affected by policy.
Quick, the share of overseas revenues is rising rapidly, and while companies have circumvented related trade barriers through measures such as overseas production layouts, they still face the uncertainty of international trade barriers and trade policy changes resulting from the 5.2 new coronary virus epidemic.
If the new crown epidemic continues to ferment and is not effectively controlled, it will cause continued macroeconomic volatility, and changes in the economic environment will affect the financing arrangements and the cost of financing for downstream photovoltaic system operators, the return on investment in the end market and, ultimately, the end demand in the photovoltaic chain.
A decline in demand could lead to a reduction in the global demand for photovoltaic terminals, some of which may be delayed or cancelled, and the company’s operations will be affected. In the ongoing technological change in the photovoltaic industry, competition in the industry is the norm, and the focus of competition is now the same.
The scale and cost shift to the integrated competitiveness of enterprises, including business model innovation, technology R & D, financing capacity, management of operations, marketing, etc., and increased market competition. Companies, as champions of solar monosilica, have strong size advantages, technological product advantages, cost advantages, and goods
If the future fails to consolidate competitive advantages in terms of technology R & D, product expansion, and channel development, and enhances market position, there is a risk of loss of competitive advantage and a decline in market share. Since open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on its own professional understanding, it clearly and accurately reflects its own research views, and no third party can draw conclusions.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.