The energy revolution has opened up the corporate boom -- one of the series of reports on the declining stockholdings -- the deep-farming industry, with high growth in its historical performance
Twenty years of company development has remained the same, now integrated from silicon sticks to components. Thirty-two% of profits are made by a rare company that keeps growing at a constant rate.
The company relies on its own single-crysilica technology, early-carat silicon links. According to publicly available financial reporting, the company’s current Māori rate is at the top of the industry. By the size of its capacity, it is expected to reach 75gw by the end of this year, with 110gw next year, keeping the industry at the top.
• Increased concentration in the component industry, where the company's output this year is expected to hit first, when the company's prices compare to the trend of 300 deep, and where the concentration of the industry is currently being raised due to low technology thresholds and low profitability.
As the company’s productive capacity expands, the company’s presence at the end of the component is rising. The public division’s output in 2018 is the fourth largest in the world and is expected to hit first this year.
We believe that the core strengths of the company are four: 1) that the company has a strong executive partnership. 2) that the company’s long-term performance is sufficient to demonstrate managerial competence; 2) that the company’s R & D investment has been industry-oriented for the last few years.
The above four advantages complement each other, forming a corporate moat. The epidemic has worsened, trade protectionism has increased, installed less than expected, and output expansion has fallen short of expectations.
We believe that companies, as industry leaders, have a deeper moat.
This report is the first in a series of in-depth reports on the company, and it focuses on a general understanding of the company's business and strengths. We're mainly collating the company's four main strengths: 1) excellence in management. The company is currently in office, most of which has been in office for more than 10 years.
Management used to be a friend of a college and long-term cooperative relationship. Good management leaders have chosen the right path of monocrystal technology and have made the right judgement in a number of decisions.
2) Continuous R & D investment. In absolute terms, Lungi has been a leader in the industry for the past few years, with cumulative R & D investment of 1,677 million yuan in 2019. At the same time, companies actively reserve advanced technology to prepare for subsequent development;
Integration, we believe, is a future trend, as demonstrated by the fact that many enterprises have expanded upstream and downstream production since this year. Integration smooths the profits of firms, reduces volatility. At the same time, it accelerates the downside of industries, compresses the profits of the middle, and helps to boost demand.
The physical layout is leading, and the future is expected to strengthen its own moats. 4) Overseas layouts. Seventy percent of the demand in the industry is now largely overseas, and overseas channels are a necessary part of the company’s performance.
The photovoltaic industry is a fast and slow industry. The “quick” of the photovoltaic industry is that costs are falling fast, the prices of photovoltaic products are changing fast, leading to unpredictability of business-phase profits. The “slow” of the photovoltaic industry is that it is industry-specific.
The Bureau has gradually stabilized, leading companies have increased to a certain percentage, with a voice in the industry that can influence changes in the industry. Lungi, as a leader in the industry, has a leading edge at the manufacturing side, while the company is moving downstream. Corporate integration helps to reduce costs and improve product performance in a timely manner, while globalization is working well.
Business development and responsiveness to customers’ needs. The company’s layout in recent years will enter the harvest period in the next 2-3 years, and we appreciate the company’s long-term competitive power.
China’s photo-voltaics have declined in the last two years, and in 2018 they became “531” because of the “531” regime.
The subsidy was tightened in 2019, and the project was postponed due to the late release of the bid and the short loading time. On the whole, it was 39% of the domestic photovoltaic cagr in 2012-2019. As a manufacturing industry, the historical increase in photovoltaic power generation was sustained. China ' s share of photovoltaic power generation in 2019 had reached 3.13%, from the past 10 years.
According to annual data, the share of photovoltaic power has continued to rise annually, an average of 0.35 pct per year. 39% of domestic photovolcer cagr in 2012-2019. 39% of China ' s photovoltaic capacity rose to 3.13% in 2010-2019.
Global photovoltaic demand continued to grow at a positive annual rate in 2012-2019, despite the negative impacts of individual countries, e.g., Europe and the United States. The share of global photovoltaic power continued to rise in 2012-2019.
2.6%. The average annual increase is 0.28 pct. In view of current developments in the global photovoltaic sector, the demand for the historical industry has performed well, the ratio of installed machines at current points is still low and there is greater scope for future upgrades.
1.2 Energy transformation, higher rates of return, energy substitution, combined to drive industry growth The initial development of photovoltaics comes from the global demand for energy transformation. As electricity use increases, the energy crisis becomes increasingly apparent. Energy transformation is a global imperative because of the non-renewable nature of oil and coal and the limited development of nuclear power and hydropower.
In the early days of photovoltaic development, most countries used subsidies to drive industries. There are still some sub-nationals that promote industries through preferential policies, such as subsidies.
With the increase in power efficiency and the decrease in costs, the rate of return on photovoltaic projects is maintained at 7 to 9%, and is somewhat attractive.
1.3 The share of renewable energy in electricity generation has increased, and there is much room for the future. Domestically, in previous five-year plans, we have set milestones for non-fossil energy consumption and actually exceeded targets. Xi Jinping was at the Climate Summit on 12 December this year.
According to historical data, the ratio of non-fossil energy to renewable power generation is somewhat relevant. The share of renewable energy generation is generally higher than the share of non-fossil energy sources, and the gap between the two is gradually narrowing.
Assuming 27% of non-fossil energy consumption in 2025 and 10% of renewable power generation, corresponding to about 107gw per year of new demand in photovoltaic-based countries. Assuming 65% of non-fossil energy consumption in 2050, 70% of renewable power generation, and the combined acceleration of additional installed units in photovoltaic-based countries is expected to be achieved
The global share of photovoltaic machines is currently 2.68%, which is lower than that of China. Overseas countries are better suited to the PV than China. The main reasons are: 1) higher electricity prices for overseas residents and higher tolerance for the price of photovoltaic products; 2) more stable and low returns on investment in developed countries abroad, and somewhat attractive returns on photovoltaic power plants.
Power; 3) The concentration of overseas homes is more decentralized and more suitable for distributed power supply. We believe that future overseas demand assumes an increase in global photovoltaic power to 10% in 2025, corresponding to an additional annual demand in the home of photovoltaics of about 411gw. Global photovoltaic power is expected to reach 70% in 2050.
The compound rate of growth of the additional aircraft is expected to reach 8.6 per cent per year. 2.1 Company deep-dry photovoltaic industry, focused on single crystalline routes. Lungi shares were formed in February 2000 and started with semiconductor materials (silica).
From year to date, it has remained the dominant business, becoming the world’s largest single-crystal silicon leader, with integrated production and manufacturing from silicon sticks to components. The company has long focused on monocrysil silicon production and research, and rapidly cut electricity in 2014 through the acquisition of Leaf Photovolts.
The company is now the champion of the photovoltage industry, with excellent historical performance, and the stock price has risen nearly 43 times since it was listed, and it is the cow stock in the photovolt industry. Since the company was listed, the following two things have emerged: 1) The photovoltage industry has changed faster.
(b) Corporate stock prices and industry needs (or expected demand) and company performance are more relevant. Except for 2016, other 2.2 historical performance is growing at a high rate over time, moving downstream through acquisitions.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 33.8 billion yuan, an increase of 82.5 per cent. In terms of business classification, the company has always maintained its photovoltaic career.
Into the component chain, corporate component business rose rapidly in 2015 and companies have been moving downstream in recent years, and the share of components and power stations has gradually increased. Starting in 2013, companies expanded their overseas markets, mainly because of the high price of monocrystal products at that time and their overseas connections.
The price of monocrystal products then fell, adding to the boom in the domestic photovoltaic industry, and the company’s share of domestic sales rose. In recent years, domestic photovoltaic developments have become more rational, demand has erupted in emerging markets abroad, and the corporate share has increased.
2.3 Beneficiary efficiency increases profit margins, high capex debt ratios remain stable, corporate overall profitability levels are high in manufacturing. In 2012, companies were subject to bankruptcy restructuring by downstream customers. The Māori rate has recovered steadily. In 2018, it was affected by domestic “531” policies, with a sharp fall in the price of photovoltaic products affecting companies.
Māori rates and net interest rates, corporate profitability levels have recovered steadily in recent years.
Chart 20 has been growing rapidly, with capital spending maintaining a 5.15% share of the wife of a high-water country in recent years, with both holding a total of 19.59%. Lee Jin-goo, Lee Chun-yun, Chung Po-Shen, a friend of the State of Lang, holds 1.70% of the shares of Chung Po-Shen and heads the board of directors of the company. On December 20, the company announced its announcement.
The shareholders Lee Chun-an is planning to transfer 226 million shares, or 6% of the total stock, to the high capital by way of an agreed transfer. Li Jin-Go, Li Hee-yan, Li Chun-Aun are the co-actors of the company, with three holding shares after the change in equity 3 silicon tablets: cost advantages + expansion, and the status of the leader reinforced
3.1 Single crystal acceleration to replace polycrystals and high demand for monocrystal silicon links show a high rate of growth in the photovoltaic industry from data on installed machines. Global photovoltaic cagr 21 per cent in 2012-2019, and Chinese cagr 39 per cent. Photovoltaic power accounted for the global total in 2019.
With the increase in the share of new energy sources and the expected increase in the number of photovoltaics in the future, the photovoltaic industry is still at a very high rate of growth at the primary level. According to the China Photovoltaic Association, in 2016 polysilica was the dominant market, with a ratio of 80.5 per cent.
The annual ratio of multiple crystal silicon tablets has declined to about 33%, and is expected to fall further this year to 20%. The trend towards monocrystal replacement of crystals has become apparent in recent years, with the ratio expected to rise to 95% in 2025.
3.2 The main cost of silicon is derived from silicon, followed by electricity and silicon production, with the highest percentage of raw materials. At the current tax-bearing price of silicon, the cost of silicon is about 67 per cent, followed by electricity costs of about 8 per cent. The current average nonsilicon cost in the silicon sector is projected to be about 8 per cent.
3.3 The current oligopoly of the silicon chain, with the company’s market share of the world’s first silicon, has an expansion cycle of roughly six months to one year, with an investment of between 300 and 500 million yuan per unit.
The industry is concentrated within the country, and the oligopoly is currently in a pattern of competition. Lungi and middle-ring silicon production can account for single crystals, and the industry’s expansion plans for the next two years have been more aggressive, with some new entrants emerging. From current production planning, it is expected that the production capacity of first-line silicon producers will be in place by the end of next year.
The total is about 260-270gw, with industry-wide production expected to be around 310gw. Based on the 40% contribution of new production in the year, we predict that the company will have 75gw silicon production capacity by the end of the year, and about 35% of the world’s cities.
The company’s non-silicon cost has been reduced somewhat annually since it was listed. In 2012–19, the company’s nonsilicon cost fell, mainly as a result of technological advances in the production chain, efficiency gains, and so forth.
Both rates and net interest rates are higher than the middle ring. Historical data show that the early company Māori rate and the middle ring did not differ significantly, with a slight advantage in net interest rates from a slightly lower rate over the period. Māori rates rose rapidly in subsequent years, with a widening gap between Māori and the middle ring, where the company ' s Silicon Māori rate was 16.8 percentage points higher in the first half of 2020, and is projected to be 16.8 percentage points higher than the middle ring.
The net interest rate for silicon is 24.4 percentage points higher.
At present, in addition to the middle circle, the entry of new competitors into the silicon chain poses a major challenge for companies. According to the data already published by listed companies, there is still a gap between the current level of profitability of new competitors and the company.
In addition to the cost advantage at the end of production, firms are also struggling to control the cost side. Over the last few years, the cost rate has remained low in the industry.
Figure 34 Long-term maintenance of lower cost levels during company period Component 4: thick and thin, large-scale + increased city share, low technical threshold for component 4.1 and low profitability
The components are downstream of the photovoltaic chain, and the end-user is usually a power-generating enterprise. The components are made through a chain and a combination of battery fragments, which are then processed in a sealed manner, require a variety of raw materials to be extracted from the production process, and the technical barriers in the processing process are low.
After our calculations, since the second half of this year, the upstream silicon, silicon silicon silicon, and the continuous increase in the price of the silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon, silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
4.2 The company was rapidly moving through self-building through the acquisition and acquisition of fast-moving battery modules, and since in October 2014, the company was able to quickly resolve the issue of capacity and group certification by buying Leaf Photovolts into the downstream track. In February 2020, the company rapidly expanded its capacity in Vietnam by acquiring Ningpoe.
The former company has built capacity in several parts of the country and abroad.
It is planned that the future battery capacity of the company will reach about 64gw, and the component capacity will reach 36gw. As the size of the product increases, actual capacity is expected to be greater than declared capacity. 4.3 Industry concentration is rapidly increasing, and the company’s market share is expected to be the number one.
As a result of the low technical barriers, the structure of the component chain had previously been fragmented. Cr 54.7% in 2019. As the company ' s capacity has expanded, the company ' s presence in the component chain has steadily increased. From the rankings, the company was ranked fourth in 2018 and 2019, and it is expected that this year ' s ranking of the company ' s output may be in the same order.
Figure 40 shows a year-to-year increase in production capacity and city occupancy, and chart 39 shows an increasing trend towards concentration in the future. 4.4 pre-emptives, with a pre-emptive advantage in the distribution of channels.
The downstream customers of the components are power station owners. The current landscape of photovoltaic development is characterized by a number of blooms, with more and more countries abroad achieving photovoltaic parities, and the distribution channels of the components becoming more important. From the productive end, companies have a base in Malay West Asia and Viet Nam to respond to the “double-reverse” policies of some European and American countries.
From the end of the sale, the company’s products are sold to a number of countries and regions. The main sales sites are the United States, Germany, etc. In the first half of 2020, the company’s overseas revenues amounted to $7.65 billion, or 38 per cent. The products sold abroad are mainly components, with more than 60 per cent of the company’s components expected to be sold overseas.
Although China now occupies about one-third of the world’s markets, the rate of growth in emerging countries has surged rapidly in recent years, and is expected to become a new growth point in the photovoltaic sector in the future. Meanwhile, for mature markets, some countries and regions have higher sales prices and greater profit margins.
A better regional layout has laid a good foundation for future development.
The company’s main sponsors are Mr. Li Jin Guo, Ms. Li Hee Ying and Mr. Li Chun An. Mr. Li Jin Gok and Ms. Lee Hee Yin are married. The company’s management currently includes Chung, Li Jin Gok, Liu Xu Wen, Liu Da-peng, Chi Chi Jun, and Ho Chi Ying, all of whom have worked in the company for more than 10 years before they were listed.
Mr. LEE Zheng-gong, the firm’s executive, graduated from the Faculty of Physics of the University of Lanzhou and, after graduating, engaged in single-crystal silicon bars at the State Enterprise.
In 2000, Mr. Lee Zheng-guk founded the limited CSI e-Technology Department, the predecessor of Lungi. In 2006, Mr. Chung Bo-Shen, alumni, joined Lung-hee. In many years of cooperation, Lee Zheng-Gong was primarily responsible for the company’s priority clients and markets, and Jong Po-Shen was responsible for managing the business and so forth.
When the company was founded, it chose a single crystal course of technology, which was the dominant market, but management believed that single crystal silicon was more efficient and that the cost of future silicon silicon silicon silicons would be lower. The right course of technology was one of the factors in the company’s success. In addition, many of the right decisions by the company’s management in the course of its operations were determined.
For example, in 2008, the price of polycrystal silicon was predicted to be accurate and productive in the industry, and we believe that the management capacity of a company cannot be quantified. For Lungi, 20 years since its inception, eight years after its listing, the company management's long-standing ability, and what it is now.
5.2 In the industry, R & D is leading, with the active reserve of advanced technology, and Lungi has been leading the industry over the past few years in absolute terms.
In the first half of 2020, the company invested a total of $1,066 million in research and development. In the first half of the year, the company released a white paper entitled " Longki silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon to solve the high cost of silicon silicon silicon silicon and contribute to the development of the industry.
At the same time, companies actively reserve advanced technology. Companies remain open about new technologies, such as topcon, heterogeneous knots. 5.3 Integration is gradually improving, and multi-year layouts are about to harvest.
In October 2014, the company cut into the battery/assembly chain and made an integrated layout. As downstream components grow, the share of silicon is increasing.
In the silicon layout, Lungi has increased the proportion of investments. At the same time, Tungwei and Teng are jointly investing in silicon, batteries, and components.
As an integrated enterprise, the profits of all the links are eventually matched to the component end, which effectively smooths the cyclical nature of the industry.
The main drivers of photovoltaic development are constant price reductions in end-products, and falling prices will increase power plant yields and stimulate demand growth. Integrated firms have reduced profits from the various links to the end of the components, with prices more favourable than single-component manufacturers, which in the long run will benefit the industry.
Here's our price extrapolation for the integrated and single-processed component manufacturers. Assuming that the cost and net interest rates are 10% for each ring section and 10% for other non-silicon costs, the calculated tax-free price for the integrated component is $1.41/w, the single-processed component is 1.70/w, and so on.
The price of processed components is 20.7% higher than the price of integrated components) to improve product performance.
5.4 The offshore layout has a pre-emptive advantage from the end of the sale, where the company sells its products to a number of countries and regions. The main sales places are the United States, Germany, etc. The company ' s overseas revenues in the first half of 2020 amounted to $7.65 billion, or 38 per cent.
More than 60% of the components produced by the company are expected to be sold overseas, and we believe that globalization has the following benefits: 1) some overseas countries have higher sales prices and better profits. In the United States, for example, the US market is generally 50% higher for components, and demand is as high as 15-20gw per year.
There is considerable room for space; 2) there is a pattern of globalization in line with industry developments. China’s demand is now 30%, and the future industry is “larger and more” – market expansion is facilitated by early deployment of emerging markets; 3) overseas production is able to avoid excessive tariffs.
The growth in the company's performance over the next two years is mainly due to: 1) expansion of capacity and growth in output; 2) declining company non-silicon costs; 3) increased product efficiency, resulting in lower sales prices than industry; 4) restructuring and upgrading of external sales.
The “quick” of the photovoltaic industry is that the prices of the products are changing rapidly, resulting in unpredictability of the company’s profits. The “slow” of the photovoltaic industry is that the industry’s grids are gradually stabilizing, leading to an increase in the share of leading companies in the industry, with voice and visibility in the industry.
Lungi, as the industry’s leader, has a leading edge at the manufacturing end, while the company expands downstream. Corporate integration helps reduce costs, improves product performance in a timely manner, and globalization responds to business development and responds to customer demand in a timely manner.
The average number of companies selected from the photovoltaic industry has worsened and global economic activity has been severely disrupted in 2020/2011/2022, respectively. The increase in the epidemic may affect the rate of photovoltaic loading;
World trade protectionism has increased, and Chinese exports of products have been blocked. The current share of exports of photovoltaic products is high, which could be affected if trade has increased and protectionism has increased; Domestic and external loadings are not as large as expected.
Corporate expansion is not as expected. The expansion of the company is determined by a number of factors, and the problems of finance, land titling, etc., may affect the speed of the company’s expansion and, in turn, the volume of the company’s output.
Three years of buyer industry research experience, M.A. Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates. Noted: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of Lithium electricity research experience, Teng Fei: four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher firms, Master of Finance in Keldge, France, electrical engineering and financial complexes, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
Song Wai Jing: Five years of experience in the automobile industry, Master of Arts, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, car parts, new energy sources, information on legal compliance, independent and objective production of this report, data and information used in this report from open information on the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.