Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) by 15 per cent + total profit of about 3.3 billion yuan, plus 20 per cent +.
Incident II: The offer to buy Ao Yu became unconditional. As of 3 March, the company’s offshore subsidiary, Kim Hong Kong, received 18.38% of Ao Yu’s total equity, while the offering party held or controlled Ao Yu’s share of approximately 52.70%, making the offer unconditional.
The regular-temperature fluid milk is opened and is expected to grow in medium- and low-digit numbers throughout the year. Spring disease control is more accurate, and the demand for gifts is much better than expected, and the regular-temperature milk, represented by gold and Ammush, is out of sight.
With the same 30% increase in sales revenue from January to February, the merger city will be second only to cranes, and the high Maori baby and child milk business will take a new step. First, the Aoyo channel will have an advantage in the three or four-line cities with more newborns.
The company, for its part, will gain professional experience in the operation of the mother and child shop, mainly through modern channels and synergies. Second, the Oyuchabett milk powder will provide a leading edge, and the milk powder market is small (the manufacturer earns about 10 billion caliber), but double-digits.
The speed of growth is expected to be significantly better than the milk powder, and the “grain and sheep” can give business growth prospects. Third, the two sides’ original milk and formula resources in Europe and Oceania may be synergizing.
The more important driving force is the growth in the capacity of the tap milk company in the dairy supply chain. Unlike the “vertical integration of milk farmers” model of development in the traditional dairy-developed countries, the process of industrialization of milk is milk.
In the case of integrated growth, breast milk is the main market force for upstream original milk production, which leads to downstream consumer education and channel networks. We judge that, after an upfront period of substantial investment, the company-represented tap milk company is entering the dividend harvest period, mainly at a lower cost of sales.
The company will continue to increase profit levels in the context of steady growth in size. Without taking into account Oyo’s combined effects, the company is expected to collect 1,096, 1,233 in 2021-2023.
Prices of raw materials are higher than expected, food safety risks, product promotion and channel expansion are lower than expected 2. The industrial cycle combines the built-in dynamics, and performance increases. Contacts: Goldstone, Bachelor of Biology, Beijing University, and Doctor of Chemistry, Middle School. Eight years of experience in strategic operations and R & D management.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.