The epidemic drives the demand for white milk, and there is room for price improvement. In terms of product, the epidemic has led to a strong demand for white milk, which is expected to continue.
Eli shares (600887) show a double-digit increase in 2021 in the market for warm white milk, a 20% increase in the first three quarters of the Elykins, and an increase in the number of places that Ammush is expected to record in 2021, reflecting the prevalence of white milk.
In view of the ongoing epidemic, we expect that the consumer’s demand for white milk will remain strong in 2022. From the price side, Eli’s current product structure is in the form of a vase. From the price side, Eli is very warm.
The whole product structure of liquid milk can be divided into three pieces. The first one is an Ili mother card at the bottom of the price line, with a product price of $10-14/kg; the second is a base product of gold and Ammush, with a price of $20-30/kg; and the third is a high end product of gold and Ammush, with a price price of $30.
/kg and above. In contrast to sales, Eli's three major 20 billion-plus monolithics are located at the bottom of the price belt, while gold and Ammush are located at the middle of the price belt, with high end products in gold brands accounting for about 15-20%.
The structure of liquid milk products has been upgraded. Look closely, the ILM brand focuses mainly on the $10-12/kg price band, while the gold code has a start-up price of $20/kg, and there's a grid vacuum area of almost $10 between them. Eli's thick milk (14/kg) has been well filled up in recent years.
On the other hand, Eli has also been expanding the range of products above $30/kg, and in the gold syllables, it has continued to introduce features such as silhouettes and organic a2 through upstream screening of cows and breeding conditions.
Milk, the share of high-end products in the La Gaullium; in Ammush, Eli has continued to innovate in taste and packaging to achieve an increase in average prices. Given the relatively weak sales of these two prices and the potential space for product structural upgrading, investors are advised to focus on the products on these two price bands.
And sales growth, especially in the white milk sector. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the demand for white milk continues to thrive under the epidemic, companies squeamish in liquid milk, and companies view the increase in gross sales and the growth of milk powders as short- and medium-term, with clear expectations and excesses.
On February 15, 2022, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing City, has been planning a study by the State Land Commission in Shenzhen City on the evaluation of real estate tax bases (National Social Fund) to focus on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
In-depth research and follow-up on white wine, leisure food, tasters, frozen foods, etc., focussing on valuations and safety margins. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.