The company ' s gross operating income was about $21.5 billion, a 15 per cent increase over the same period the previous year;
Winter and spring branding continues, brand power continues to rise, products are optimized, and the market leads. In January-February, the total profits increased by 15 per cent and more than 20 per cent, respectively. (1) For the benefit of the Winter Olympic Games, the company continues to optimize its product structure, gold fairs, Ammushi, gold crowns, coyotes, rares, lights and lights.
On 4 March 2022, the company announced a successful acquisition of O-Yu, currently holding an A-Yon share of 52.70%.
In addition, the gold crowned baby and child milk powder was the first to be upgraded to become the first infant and child formula in China to meet the new national tender for milk powder, further increasing the competitive power of the product, increasing the gold crown sales revenue by more than 30 per cent in January-February, ranking first in the industry. (4)
In terms of product innovation, the company focuses on creating new products that meet consumer needs, and continues to optimize promotion. The company has launched the Golden Standard Super-filtered Milk, “Anmushida East Strawberry,” “Light Protein Time,” “The Golden Crown Seine Organic Milk Powder,” which must be filled with milk and ice cream.
Together with innovative marketing initiatives, it promotes the rapid growth of new products and new businesses. (5) With regard to branding, companies have been able to increase overall brand power through the integration of winter and spring-driven branding, during which consumers have become more willing to buy Eli's products than ever before.
Field penetration continues to be industry’s highest, with market penetration rising by 0.6 pct and 1.2 pct at the local and county levels, respectively, and consumer exposure rising steadily. Firms grow with certainty over the long term, have balanced class development, and have a security margin in valuations.
The Division ' s performance is robust and positive, with certainty derived from balanced product development: constant and steady growth in the demand for warm milk, strong and rapid growth in milk powder, and early deployment of such operations as cheese and low-temperature milk. (2) Profits release the momentum and companies continue to bring about an increase in the Māori ratio and an advantage in size through structural optimization
This has led to a decline in the cost rate. (3) Performance is expected to increase by close to 20 per cent over 22 years, corresponding to only 21 Ely shares: improved patterns of competition, long-term growth logic, less than expected patterns of competition between Eli and Monx; higher prices for original milk; products, channels
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.