On March 3, Eli issued an announcement, as of that date, and Eli's shares (600887).
The company holds or controls 953,163,623 shares in the O-Yu milk industry, accounting for about 52.70% of the total shares already issued in O-Yu milk, which marks the company’s official appearance as one of two major players in China’s milk powder industry. The milk powder contests are frequently reported, and Eli’s medium-term surge is imminent.
\triangleright Practice No.: s150520110001, 30% more than in the first three quarters of the year, up rapidly. The acquisition was successful, and the company will be working with Aoi.
In many ways, synergies have been created to strengthen Eli's strategy for a medium-term break-up in the milk market and to rewrite the competition of the first-largest children of dairy products through the impact of the branded gold crown and the related brands of O-Yo on the high-end and ultra-high-end infant powder market, respectively.
At the end of March 2022, and on the assumption that my \triangleright profit forecast and investment rating: the demand for white milk continues to thrive under the epidemic, and the company operates in liquid milk.
In the short and medium term, looking at the increase in gross sales and the growth of the dairy industry, expectations are clear and beyond.
In Shenzhen City, it was planned for a study by the National Land Commission (NSF) on the valuation of real estate tax bases, focusing on macros and macros.
Real estate, fiscal issues. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, with a focus on breaking through industries and shares, with in-depth research and follow-up on white wine, leisure foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with a focus on valuations and security margins.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.