Iri shares (600887), full income, flowering, profit improvement, continuous cashing of Ili shares.
The Ili Group is the largest and most full product group in China, with an increase of more than 15 per cent in the same year; the total profit is about 3.3 billion yuan, an increase of more than 20 per cent in the same year.
In January-February 2022, the company was the first in the Asian dairy industry. The company was large and well-developed, meeting the Olympic standards and meeting the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
In January, the company’s white milk business continued to grow, and in January, it used to be warm and white.
As a rule, dairy production for the Shanghai Expo 2010 increased by 12.6% on a year-on-year basis; sales in the cold-drinking business increased significantly; cheese business doubled; and roots businesses.
Over the years, a number of leading technology research institutes have been set up, and the combined number of months has doubled over the previous year, far more than in the same industry. On milk powder, Nelson's data shows that the development and production research collaborative platform continues to drive industrial innovation.
In January-February, gold crown sales grew by more than 30% over the same period, ranking first in the industry; in February 2022, gold crowned baby and child milk powder passed through the highest ever “new national tender” and Eli was the only milk-to-head business to pass. In addition, the ELIM brand achieved a 22% increase in sales and created the best business growth ever.
Behind the strong is the continuous rise in market penetration of Eli’s products and the maintenance of industry leadership; the company’s market penetration at the local and county levels rose by 0.6 percentage points and 1.2 percentage points, respectively.
The first long-term goal, the logic of the milk industry’s flagship expansion, is constantly being tested. Upgraded structures, sustained new casts are good for profit.
According to the company announcement, key products such as gold saloons, Ammushi, gold crowns, and ceremonials account for the same ratio +3 pcts, further expanding the size of the high-end segment of the market and keeping the high-end share of the product ahead. In January, for example, companies used to warm up white milk.
This represents an increase of 12.6 per cent, of which the gold medal is 15.1 per cent, with the highest rate of growth in the same category; a high-end growth rate of over 74 per cent for brand displays, over 82 per cent for high-end brands, over-high-end brands, and over 748 per cent for brands.
Since this year, the company has introduced a number of new products, high-end new products, and the rapid growth of new businesses, such as "Golden Super-filtered Milk", "Anmush Danton Strawberry", "The Golden Crown Seine Organic Milk Powder" and "The Need to Be Acquainted with Cream Ice Cream" as a powerful engine of income and profit. In addition, Eli has just become a strong driver of income and profit.
With a strong alliance, Elie’s milk powder is expected to grow at a high rate. The logic of profitability is being realized, and the original milk costs are being met.
In some cases, according to data from the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, the latest price of fresh milk in the country's main production area was $4.19 per kilogram on 16 March, compared with 2.1 per cent in the previous year, a 1.4 per cent decrease compared to the constant increase in the prices of original milk last year.
See the tipping point of the original milk cost. Add the signs of a slower pattern of competition in the industry and a less expensive drop in the long run from last year to the present; we believe that, in the long run, in a context of increased concentration and a more stable pattern, a fall in the price of milk is expected to contribute to further optimization of the company’s gross sales margin, thereby achieving an annual increase of 0.5 pct net interest rate.
Targets lay a solid foundation; but the positive performance of the dairy industry also requires an observation of the strength and pace of the current sales costs of weixy@dxzq.net.cn. Overall, we believe that future industry needs are safe and corporate.
Business and performance objectives will be achieved by continuing the trend towards innovation, structural upgrading; competition patterns are expected to continue to ease and firms will continue to benefit from slower, better-structured and more concentrated industrial competition. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect net profits for companies in 2021-2023 to be 89.2,
Ely shares (600887), full-blown revenue, improved profitability, sustained cash flow, and the growth of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Ely shares (600887), full revenue spreads and profits improves on a continuous basis.
Monsso Wang Jie Ting flavour and leisure food.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.