We're on schedule for opening the doors, high-quality development, and a review of the Elie shares (600887), which was done on March 11, 2022.
In 2022, the company was on schedule, and the demand for dairy products continued to rise. As a result of repeated epidemics, the population ' s health awareness was gradually raised, and the demand for dairy products continued to rise. In January-February 2022, the company ' s end-use sales performed well.
In January-February 2022, the company expected to achieve a certain increase in liquid milk, milk powder, dairy products, cold drinks, etc. The sales of key products such as gold, Anne and gold crowns increased by about 3 percentage points from the same year.
The company's gold crowned infant and child milk powder was the first to upgrade the formula, becoming the first infant and child formula in the country to meet the new national tender for milk powder, and the company's gold crown sales are expected to increase by more than 30% in January-February 2022. While optimizing the structure of the product, the company launched the Golden Standard Superfilter Milk.
“Anmushida East Strawberry”, “Light Protein Time”, “The Golden Crown Seine Organic Milk Powder” and other new items, such as “Breaking Ice cream”, to meet market diversification needs, and product competitiveness increases by one roe (tttm)
The company, as a eulogizer at the Beijing Winter Olympics in 2022, has been marketing and integrating brands through the Winter Olympics and Spring Festivals, and has increased brand influence. According to third-party research data, consumers buy Eli products during this period.
The market penetration of the company’s products has increased by 0.6 percentage points and 1.2 percentage points, respectively, in local and county-level cities, according to public announcements issued by companies.
In order to strengthen the company’s market competitiveness in the field of infant and child formula powdering and nutritional food disaggregation, the company has recently made a successful offer to acquire Oyo milk.
With this successful offer to buy the O-Yon dairy industry, the company’s subsequent product and supply chain structure is expected to improve, laying a solid foundation for the company’s strategic objectives. The chairman set a medium-term goal of moving into the Global Breast Industry by 2025, and achieving the All by 2030.
The long-term goal of the Sphere Milk Industry is “first.” With a combination of drivers, such as less pressure from upstream cost increases, more demand-maintenance and better product structure, it is expected that there will be further room for company performance, with high quality development over time.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.