Opening data bright, low recommended event: Eli published business data for January-February. On March 10, Ili released " January-February 2022 " , Ili shares (600887).
The total revenue of the industry was about $21.5 billion, an increase of more than 15% over the same period the previous year; the total profit was $3.3 billion left, the demand for white milk continued to flourish, and the product structure was rising well. The epidemic continued to drive consumer vs. health \triangleright
Practice No.: s1500520110001 Convergence milk demand. In January, the company grew by 12.6% on a year-on-year basis in terms of product structure.
15.1% rises at the top of the usual warm white milk, with a 70% increase in the high-end and super-high-end brands of clairvoyant.
At the beginning of the year, the price of milk as a whole has risen by $4.21 per kilogram. Given that the upcoming Fed interest increase is expected to contain inflation.
First, the price of milk, which is anchored in the price of bottom feed, is expected to continue its downward trend, expanding the Māori rate, fearing that marketing costs will remain stable and that winter prices will not be enough. According to research sources, public \triangleright has been working since this year.
The cost of sales below the line is stable relative to 2020 and 2021. For the Winter Olympics, as it is treated as a long-term stand-off and a two-part account for the current period, while the long-term balance is less than 690 million, we assume that the overall winterary cost is 21.5 billion in 2020 for the company.
As the cost of sales is not so high in size, and is calculated in two seasons of 21 years q4 and 22 years q1, it is not expected to have a substantial impact on the cost side of the company. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the valuation is relatively low, and the bottom is strongly recommended.
At the bottom of the value. The demand for white milk continues to thrive under the epidemic, and the company is stifling it with liquid milk to \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
In Shenzhen City, it was planned for a study by the National Land Commission (NSF) on the valuation of real estate tax bases, focusing on macros and macros.
Real estate, fiscal issues. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, with a focus on breaking through industries and shares, with in-depth research and follow-up on white wine, leisure foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with a focus on valuations and security margins.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.