In 2022, the "open door" came to watch the long logic of increased profitability, rising demand from the industry against the market, and higher milk prices pushed for a marginal improvement in downstream competition.
The average original milk price in 2021 was $4.3/kg, compared to +13.4% in 2021, which contributed to a slowdown in downstream competition and a rise in net interest rates for the industry as a whole. Liquefied milk continued to progress toward high-end growth, holding hands to further expand its market advantage.
The company's operations of liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products, cold drinks, etc., have grown well, giving demand at the spring festival.
With the promotion of Olympic marketing, high-end gold medals, Ammush, gold crowns, child cheese sticks, etc., all share the same ratio, and the overall product structure is further tilted to the higher end, with gold medals increasing at a rate of 15.1% in January, first in the same category. While traditional niches continue to grow rapidly, companies are actively expanding the milk powder and cheese industry.
In January/February, with a gold crown revenue of more than + 30%, the acquisition of O-Yu will be accompanied by the development of milk powder, high-end cattle, milk powder, and a parallel arrangement with the medium-end and ultra-high-end milk powder market, further stifling the milk powder business. The future will be based on the independent operation of the team, deepening the milk source layout, product development, pipeline development, etc.
Complementarities. Meanwhile, the cheese business doubled in January-February, and in a cheese-high growth track, based on a dense network and strong brand power, is expected to occupy a place in the cheese market.
Continue to increase upstream layouts, and competition slows the growth of a balanced income profit. \triangleright revenue growth is robust, and the gross sales margin of 21q3 improves profit growth.
The nomadic industry, which guarantees the stability and high quality of the original milk supply in the context of the original milk deficit, acquired from the preferential pastoralist sector, the Ely shares (600887), which were evaluated in the semi-annual report of 2021: After the Chinese milk industry, westlanddairy was acquired overseas to further improve the level of the original milk self-sufficiency rate.
21H1 performance was excellent, and the competitive advantage remained strong The original milk price as a whole in 2022 will remain high, downstream competition will remain subdued, and the company will receive 3.Ely shares (600887), not released a share reserve
In addition to the cost, future competition will focus more on channel layout, original milk evaluation: fund-raising to focus major industries, liquid milk and milk powder, resources, product structure, and operational efficiency. It is expected that Eli will remain more profitable.
\triangleright Performance Beyond Pre-Epidemic Level q3 Performance Continues High Growth and The Adverse Impact of the Epidemic works
There are sufficient advantages, such as card recognition, which, along with high-end product structural upgrading and the rapid growth of the dairy cheese business, are expected to continue to grow rapidly, benefiting from a slowdown in downstream competition, and an improvement in the gross sales margin, which is expected to lead to an overall increase in profit levels and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.