Food and beverage food processing Eri shares: clear opening signs, profit performance over expectations Events: company announcement of January-February operations, preliminary accounting, combined revenue in January-February
During the same period, there was an increase of more than 20% in net profit from the mother, estimated to have increased at the same rate as the total profit, and after springtime sales were opened, the profit performance was higher than expected. First, the spring sales clearly agreed to open doors, sell well, and the profits were higher than expected.
Grass root feedback broke 10 billion in January of this year, made one-month sales history, achieved double-digit growth, followed by good sales momentum, high-quality opening red, based on January-February statements.
In January-February, liquid milk, milk powder, dairy products, cold drinks, etc., have continued to grow well. Three points have been raised in sales of priority products such as gold medallions, Ammush, gold crowns, etc. The market share has remained a leader.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) was the first infant powder in China to meet the new national tender, with gold crown revenues increasing by more than 30 per cent in January-February, while the price of the raw milk market has been relatively stable since the beginning of the year, and there has been a slight decline in February.
(600887), three-quarterly reviews: a steady increase in revenue. The overall spring season has a rational marketing drive. In addition to an average amortization sponsored by Winterau, the extra costs associated with the 1 - 2 month races are better invested by structural upgrading, offset by the impact of scale.
The impact of the Ily shares (60887), the impact of the cost of the equity incentive, the total profit increase of 18 per cent over the year, and the corresponding assumption that the month of March was more normal, with the initial forecast of a steady rise in net interest rates in the first quarter of this year.
The profit performance is higher than expected at a high interest rate base of 10.35% in the first quarter of the year. To achieve the top five in the global dairy industry, the opening should be perfect.
Looking back at the sustained growth of products and the consolidation of market positions in 2021, the overall income-over-year plan for 2021 is more definite, the trend of liquid milk q4 is better than q3, and the year-round rate of profit +0.5 pct is easier to achieve.
The company will continue to slow its life through product innovation, taking into account the low consumption of down-line cities, the company's basic white milk, the strong Ely shares: a clear cut-off, the profits out of expectations.
After that, more skus will grow this year, while continuing to enrich the gold crown line of products. On the channel, 21 years of coverage of large mother and child stores, and piloting a single upgrade, it is expected to replicate last year's accumulation to more single points and boost single points. This year's company is studying breast milk.
In the 20th year, the company will continue its consumer education campaign around breast-milk research, raising brand power, and in the future, the company will work according to its target growth rate of 25%. The company has launched the Golden Standard Super-filtered Milk, the Ammushdan East Strawberry, the Golden Light Protein Time.
The crowned serena organic milk powder, which is a new product, such as milk cream, drives the new business to grow fast. After the gold fair was launched, the product matrix was enriched, organic, middle-end a2 position, and the gold scale was based on pure positioning, making it more productive.
The market’s more focused warm cheese canes began to be laid at the end of 21 and introduced new products such as milk-smoking cheese, adult cheese, etc. Consumer feedback is now good, companies are building up their capacity. 2022 was a crucial year for corporate strategy, and we expect double-digit income growth, profits, etc.
In the current episodic external environment, the company has shown strong resilience at the demand side, with the industry competing for restraint and reason in the context of reduced milk volatility. After the Oyo milk offer was made, the company was able to produce milk powder, baby.
This year, in the context of the Winter Olympics, as the only “sweet milk company” brand upgrade, Toyo, it is expected that the delivery will go well, with a two-quarter schedule and a thicker statement, with greater synergy on the whole industry chain.
In January-February of this year, the city’s penetration rate continued to be the highest, with market penetration rates rising by 0.6 percentage points and 1.2 percentage points, respectively, at the local and county levels.
This year, a new proposal was made for the sunk village level, which is now taking a position at the town level, trying to get ahead of the village level, like the beginning of the town layout 10 years ago. Eli’s share: it was clear that the door was open and the profit was out of sight.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.