The base of the big model continues to be upgraded, the ecological acceleration is accelerating, and the incident evaluation report of the company, Rency@cfsc.com.cn.
Baoyc@cfsc.com.cn runs a healthy and stable company, with a sustained increase in investment in large model development, $118 million less, 71.74 per cent less than the same year, maintaining healthy performance.
The decrease in net profit from the deduction of non-repatriation is mainly due to firm investment by companies in core technological autonomy and controlled alternatives to national production in the industrial chain, as well as increased investment in the development and development of large-scale cognitive models on autonomous control platforms.
In 2023, B-side smart car networks and smart finance were relatively high, with revenues increasing by 49.7%, 23.0%, c-end smart hardware by 22.4%, and g-side operations were under pressure for higher information engineering and education products.
Annual Māori sales rate of 42.66 per cent (year-on-year +1.83 pct), net interest rate of sales 1, Science Quest (002230): q2 marginal improvement, waiting for the Big Star Model to be able to regenerate
The model opened up a new space for a new round of opportunities, with an investment of $3.481 billion, an increase of 11.89 per cent over the same period, an increase in R & D cost of 17.72 per cent, and a decrease in the return on investment in financial assets.
In May 2023, the company officially released the Big Star model, which was updated several times, and the first Starfire v3.5, which was based on the training of the National Productive Calculus Platform, was released in January.
Language comprehension, mathematics, voice interaction is greater than gpt-4turbo, code is 96% gpt-4turbo, multi-modular understanding is 91% gpt-4v. The company continues to increase its research and development of the base model, with 70% of the research and development focused on base capacity.
Upgraded, 50% of the company's R & D investment is expected to be used to ensure that the base of the big model is maintained in the first echelon, and that this June Gpt-4turbo is expected to be the best available level. In addition, the company and China are joining forces.
In October 2023, the company joined forces to announce the launch of the first Vancar National Production Arithmetic Platform, Flying Star One, which supports the training of a trillion-dollar model.
The hundreds of billions of parameter models trained by the Arithmetic Platform are officially released, and performance indicators are at a national lead level. We believe that, along with a significant increase in the capabilities of the base model, it is expected to inject a strong dynamic into business performance growth.
i eco-accelerated development, with many more openings in the business.
49,000 assistant applications; for businesses, companies are working with more than 100,000 business clients to use the Starfire Innovative Application experience to accelerate the pace of industrial empowerment and eco-accident development, and companies have been working with Chirí, Pacific Insurance, Transport Bank, National Energy Collections.
In January 2024, the first open-source, large-model star-fire source - 13b - was launched to provide users with a fully controlled, free-of-charge star.
Fire optimization package. In addition, the Stellar Fire is structured around the whole "1+n" and, through the use of a large model base, empowers companies to do their business by “blowing flowers” and is already teaching, medical care, platforms and consumers, smart cities, operators, etc.
The track is gradually producing industrial landings. We believe that, with the accelerated evolution of the ai ecology and industry, the momentum and sustainability of corporate income growth is expected to be raised.
There's a lot of room for further integration. We predict that the company's business is not expanding as expected, technology is not growing as expected, market competition is increasing, computers are being used and small and medium-sized groups are being introduced.
Arithmetic studies with companies listed in the small and medium-sized trades. Areas of excellence include cloud computing, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for the specific advice or opinion given in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.