Short-term profit pressure, Starfire Model Enabling C Industry, Quest Flight (002230), Quest 2023 & Quarterly 2024
RMB 118 million, a decrease of 71.74 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved business income of RMB 36.50 billion, an increase of 26.27 per cent in the same year; RMB 300 million; and RMB 440 million in the non-mortality net profit.
The operating cash flow continued to improve in the first quarter of the 4023 season. The company ' s Māori ratio in 2023 was 43. Hu Tianjun 1%, compared with 1.92pet, and 4q23 earned $7.037 billion in operating income on a quarterly basis, compared to the same period in the previous year.
A 14.26 per cent increase (6.159 million yuan) and a 47.46 per cent increase in the ring; a net return to the mother of 558 million yuan and a net cash flow of 350 million yuan, of which 4q23 months net operating cash flows exceeded 1.5 billion yuan. Cash flows for 1024 operations increased by 17.04 per cent over the same period.
Firmly committed AI R & D investment, built around the "1+n" overall layout. Firmly committed to the GSM model, with R & D costs of $3.481 billion in 2023, an increase of 11.89%, and short-term growth in corporate profitability, largely due to the company’s continued use of common labour.
In the first quarter of 24, companies continued to invest more in research and development, with new inputs in large model development, core technology, and large models. The "Small Star Fire Awareness Model" continued to overlap and maintained the first echelon of the Chinese model industry, with companies structured around the "1+n" strategy.
The company is working with more than 100,000 corporate clients to apply the innovation experience of star fire to accelerate the pace of industry empowerment by applying the technologies of the universal cognitive intelligence model base to a wide range of industries, including education, medicine, automobiles, office, industry, and intellectual hardware.
A steady increase in the share of operations in the relative depth of 300 per cent c end of operations and a continuation of the trend towards optimized collection structure. The company now has a system of operations for three clients: g/b/c, b end of operations and c end of operations maintaining a sustained growth trend, g end of operations in the short term
During the reporting period, corporate b-side operations grew steadily: smart cars performed better, earning 696 million yuan, an increase of 49.71 per cent over the same period; smart finance generated 289 million yuan, an increase in the same ratio, and corporate hardware products such as a Quick Flyingai learning machine, a smart office book, a smart voice recorder, and a smart voice recorder.
The company’s open platform and consumer business received 31.47%, surpassing 30% for the first time, and maintained its growth as the company’s top business block. In addition, the company’s localized overseas platform built a long-term layout and built up overseas channels, brand markets, and built up a new business.
In October 2023, the company and China jointly launched the first-ever Vancar National Production Calculus training that supports a trillion-dollar model of parameters.
"Standing Stars v3.5" was officially launched on the basis of a significant increase in the capabilities of logical reasoning, language understanding, text generation, mathematical responses, gpt-4turbo, gpt-4turbo, q2 issues, codes, multi-models, etc.
The camp ring ratio is improving, the latest levels of starlight model enabling effect are gradually emerging, and the larger-scale training of the gpt-4 parameter is being carried forward in an orderly fashion, and is expected to be officially released in June this year.
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence and objectivity, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and, first of all, contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.