Computer q1 with good growth in revenue and sustained dynamic application of South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Billion dollars, 4.4 per cent more than the same year, a net return to the mother of 660 million yuan, a 17.1 per cent more than the same year, a good growth in business at the end of Chinab, and a bright performance in open platforms and consumer business. In 2023, corporate business at the end was under pressure, and smart city business at the end of the company B business maintained a steady growth trend, with wisdom in the business at the end of the company.
Cars generated revenue of $70 million, an increase of 49.7 per cent, and products such as sound, cabin, intellectual and other breakthroughs; smart medicine generated income of $540 million, an increase of 15.4 per cent; smart finance generated income of $290 million, an increase of 23.0 per cent.
Of the notable performance, the Open Platform generated revenues of $3.94 billion, an increase of 41.6 per cent over the same year, representing an increase of 229 per cent for the 10,000 developers ' team, of which 350,000 were large model developers, and 1.52 billion dollars for smart hardware, an increase of 22.4 per cent over the same period, an increase of 84 per cent for the gmv for office books, audio pens, etc.
• Firm investment affects profits in the short term and the revenue growth of q1 continues. In 2023, new investment in corporate sales, management, R & D, autonomous control, etc., reached a total R & D cost of 840 million yuan, an increase of 17.7 per cent over the same period.
The net cash flow of business activities has increased by 17.0 per cent over the year. The Big Star Model continues to evolve, and its energy applications have fallen. The Big Star Model has been on the ground for almost a year now.
Continuously, version V3.5, which was updated in January 2024, is moving closer to the latest level of gpt-4turbo in terms of logical reasoning, language understanding, text generation, circulation a unit (billion shares) mathematical answers, codes, multimodels, etc.
At present, a larger-scale Great Fire Model training project based on the Vanka National Productivity Platform with China is proceeding in an orderly manner and is expected to be launched in the first half of the year. With the upgrading of base model capabilities, companies will invest more in applications of ecology and industry to further open up potential growth space.
The company, as a leading national company, accumulates a wealth of numeracy, algorithms, data, etc., while at the same time holding the entrances to the gbc site, there is much room for subsequent growth, and the point of entry for performance is likely to arrive, maintaining the q1 short-term pressure on performance.
The Great Starfire model is expected to expand (2023-04-21) 1) in the field of education: the company ' s educational operations are available downstream (g)/b/c) and the production strength of the c-end learning machines, brochures, etc. of the large models is expected to optimize the collection structure and iron the objective factors downstream as the large models become capable.
The launch of the first large open-source model, the Starfire Open Source 13b, which provides a fully-owned, free-of-charge, starfire optimization package, is expected to attract a rapid increase in the number of developers, and a progressively improved platform capacity is expected to continue to upgrade individual developers' arpu. Consumer operations are expected to be: minutes of the update of c-products such as the Star Fire Model, audio pens, office scripts, etc.
Regulations, one-key scripts, etc., help consumers improve office efficiency significantly, and the product moves to a new level, while companies (4) smart cars: corporate solutions to upgrade smart car products on a full-line basis based on the Big Star model. Smart sound, smart cabin products are beginning to be phased out. Smart driving products have also achieved a target break in their first car factory, and revenue is expected to increase in 2024-2026.
5) Smart City, Medical, Financial, etc.: The Big Star Model has been running since it was released for almost a year, version v3.5 is at the latest level in Turbo, and the current larger parameter-scale Big Star Model Training Project is proceeding in an orderly fashion and is expected to be launched in the first half of the year. With the increased capacity of the base model, the bottom logic of the intelligent city, medical, financial, etc. is expected to be missing.
Rewrited by large model technologies over the next year or two, further opens up potential growth space. (6) With the technological deposition and scale-up of subsequent core software operations, Māori rates are expected to recover gradually; with the Division's follow-up focus on strengthening human effectiveness management, the overall cost rate has remained on a downward trend.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.