The growth of income continued during the quarter, with large models achieving multi-area landings, resulting in a net gain of $660 million (+17.1 per cent for the same year) and a net gain of $120 million (71.7 per cent for the same year).
Firm investment in big cognitive model development has already been implemented in areas such as automobiles and finance. Companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development, and revenue growth has continued in the past quarter. 23 years of increased corporate recognition model R & D has led to a decline in net profit from non-repatriation, and four quarters of companies have reversed the downward trend and achieved a business gain.
During the first quarter of the year, the company earned $3.65 billion (compared to +26.3 per cent), and the net return on the mother ' s profit and the net interest on the other hand decreased by $240 million and $100 million, respectively, compared to the same period last year, mainly as a result of the company ' s continued increase in large model investments and changes in the return on investment in the three-person stockholdings of the company, the Cold War, etc.
In October 2023, the company and the company joined forces to launch the first "Flying Star One" of the Vanka National Productivity Platform, which supports the trillion-dollar model.
The platform's training was completed on January 30, 2024, with the launch of the "Standing Star V3.5" (6.9), (17.8), (0.3) (27.7), which is moving towards the latest level of gpt-4turbo.
In the first 37 mainstream languages, it has gone beyond the whisperv3 introduced by the Openai company.
In the meantime, corporate smart driving solutions have achieved the first single-point breakthrough and have signed the total market value (million yuan) +23.0 per cent and signed up with head agencies such as the Human Security Technology, Industrial Security Branch, National Dollar Securities, etc.
91x, 54x, and 49x. Large company models have been fielded in the areas of automobiles, finance, etc. I. Science and Technology Flying 20231020 quarterly revenue growth has been sustained and rated.
CMS 20230813 Client outreach is not as expected; cost controls are not as predictable; technology development is not as expected.
Computer: software development