High-quality growth in performance, full-blown automobile & communications 27/08/2025 Sustained high-quality growth, balanced and healthy development of the three business sectors. 25h1, with the one at its core.
\triangleright, a new wave of technological revolution that reshapes the industry from cloud-end computing to peripheral and end-side equipment, is becoming clearer, creating structural development opportunities for high-end manufacturing enterprises. Companies continue to enhance vertical integration.
Power and smart intelligence capacity, combined to boost consumer electronics, communication and data centres, three major business plates for cars -- billions of dollars, yoy+20.18 per cent; mother ' s net profit, 6,644 million dollars, yoy+23.13 per cent; and deduction of non-mother ' s net profit
Automobile interconnectivity products and sophisticated components/computer interconnection products and precision components/connectors, respectively, are collected 1. Quarterly & Annual Report performance forecast for 2024: performance meets expectations, i is fully equipped
In the case of automobile operations, \triangleright can develop its business by 2024/10/30.
Speeding up, software definition of cars became industry consensus, 25h1, the company's auto tier1 business continued to be evaluated by the country's 2. Up-to-date (002475.sz) event: acquisition of new project sites in several mainstream cars outside Lei.
In the area of communications and data centre operations, in 2025, a quarterly report on the performance of the ai application: a high-quality increase in performance, i
Rapid growth to continuously drive the intergenerational upgrading of the global data centre construction and network architecture, 25h1, corporate precision enabling business development - 2024/08/26 - capturing the historic opportunity of arithmetic infrastructure development to provide clients with high-speed backs from dac/aac etc.
A 24-year “copper, light, electricity, heat” review of high-speed light modules, then server power and heat management systems: robust growth in performance, 24h1 industry-based solutions. The company’s share of the global head csp and ai server customers continues to increase.
The performance forecast highlights corporate resilience - 2024/04/26 - 5. The high profile (002475.sz) event review: the acquisition of q-multi-high-speed, high-value-added products has achieved bulk delivery.
Investment proposals: set up a sophisticated and comprehensive layout of “a complete aircraft assembly + precision components + modules” and continue to open up automobiles and communications and promote corporate diversification. In the future, corporate performance is expected to increase further as mobile phone holdings continue to increase, car and communications remains expand and new products are released.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.