Chu Ji-sun, iphone, i-business is opening up a growth space, iphone 17 sales are hot, Kyoto, Skycat has a record number of appointments, Apple has a lot of people.
The sale of the money machine was exhausted, and the shipment date extended to October, and the overall sales varied considerably from the iphone 16 series. The company was deeply involved in the development and development of products like iphone, and the performance of 2h25 was expected to increase beyond expectations. At the same time, in the arithmetic field, the company relied on its own connections, and continued copper interconnections.
cpc (co-encapsulated connector - cable straight chip and io, with low cost advantages), light module, hdi, etc., production and development of arithmetic-related products, active expansion of overseas technology plants such as Weida, Meta, ai-related business opening up growth space: the company has continued to expand its new business in recent years, relying on its own connections.
. Complete vertical integration of the full chain of 224g electrical connections, showing a zero-component programme for one-stop-i clusters, including cpc (co-encapsulated connectors), cpo (photo-co-enclosed), hvdc (high-secret power sources).
The Division has been active in expanding overseas technology firms such as Weida and Meta, and is expected to take over the Apple business and become more than 100 million yuan, with 20.2% growth for yoy: $6.64 billion in net profits and 23.1%.eps 0.92 dollars for yoy.
The pace of performance has kept pace. Because of the high sales of iPhone 17, a record number of Kyoto and Skycat platforms, the sale of Applenet multi-channels has been exhausted, the delivery date has been extended to October, and it is expected that both the iPhone order and the volume of deliveries will be repaired, contributing to the company’s 2h25th crop and to a faster increase in profits.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.