Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) August 26, 2025, Quick Half Report 2025 and Third Season 2025
• Three major business plates have been developed in a balanced manner, building solid and resilient business ecosystems. Companies consume electronics business, with a $1h25 income of $97,799 million, an increase of 14.32 per cent over the same period. The consumer industry is officially entering a new, one-driven innovation cycle, aipc, ai mobile phones, smart voices.
The accelerated spread of end-products such as learning, smart wear, etc., and the continued excellence of space computing equipment have combined to stimulate a new market boom. The company’s e-business performance has been robust and has not only led to the introduction of new product projects, but also in a number of front-line product areas, such as ar/vr, consumption levels.
3d printing, robotics, and other emerging areas continue to deepen their collaboration with clients. Corporate communications interconnections and precision component operations generated $11,098 million in 1h25, an increase of 48.65%.
The intergenerational upgrading of the network structure, the accelerated spread of the arithmetic needs from training to reasoning, contributed to the surge in the centre's high-speed interconnection needs, with 224g copper cable connections, 800g light modules reaching the scale deployment phase, 448g copper cable connections, 1.6t light modules and even higher-speed high-speed connectivity.
At the same time, as the new generation of arithmetic servers has risen dramatically, radiating heat has become a core bottleneck to the release of arithmetic cluster performance, and liquid cold solutions have shifted from forward-looking layouts to a commercial phase of scale.
A historic opportunity to provide customers with integrated solutions for copper, light, electricity, and heat from high-speed copper cable connections (dac/accc, etc.), high-speed backboard connections to high-speed light modules, and service plant power and heat management systems.
The Division’s share of global head cloud service providers and i-server clients has continued to rise, with multiple high-speed, high-value-added products having been delivered in bulk. Corporate auto-connected products and sophisticated component operations have generated $8.658 billion in 1h25, a year-on-year increase.
The company ' s automobile operations are based on a long-term build-up of sophisticated manufacturing, rapid rotation, supply chain management and quality control capabilities and have successfully achieved the cross-border enabling of technology and business, focusing on the entire vehicle.
A robust growth in performance is expected in core areas such as aiphone “vascular and neurological” systems, smart cabins and driving aids, smart chassis systems, power aggregate systems, etc., from critical zero components to functional modules to system integration.
The company’s automobile industry continues to gain a new project location for many mainstream domestic and foreign companies, with a growing product line and a growing client base. The company’s automobile business is on the verge of a high-speed climb, with its vast market space and strong growth momentum.
The opening of the second growth curve to lay a solid foundation is a key move for companies to achieve long-term sustainable development Market demand is less than expected Market competition is more than anticipated, cost-side controls are less than expected Geopolitics Use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively using data and information from open market information
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.