The Centre for Medical Health Studies performed as expected, the concentration of new medicines contributed during the harvest period, the overall performance was as expected, the tumors and anaesthesia increased at a higher rate, and the export of images and preparations slowed down: neoplasms.
1. " Corporate performance is slightly higher than expected, and quarterly ring improvement continues to be relevant, such as the approval of 19k (2018.5.8 per cent) in the new drug sulfur pulp and non-gsten injection fluids, the Malay acid caldinis (2018.8.12 per cent) and the protein violet injections (2018.8.27 per cent)
The impact on overall performance has been partly due to the impact of sounding, and increased investment in research and development.
Bigger: The new formula for small breast cancer molecules has been approved in August, with a peak of sales expected to reach 3 billion. Another brand of innovative drug, pd-1, is currently declared production and is in a priority review series, and we expect the review approval to be completed and approved in the near future. There are now two foreign investors in the country.
Two national production pd-1s have been approved for listing, and companies are expected to be listed in the first tranche. The company's pd1 is doing a clinical exercise, "The company's performance meets expectations, the number of ongoing investment in research and development is expected to be more than 20, and it is expected to produce a number of larger adaptive conditions this year, with a relatively advanced pace of progress.
Research and development costs continue to grow, and early clinical potential varieties are worth focusing on: research and development costs for companies throughout the year, joint Apadalefda III Clinics, and so on. We expect new medicines to be added to the new clinical varieties, and we recommend that attention be paid to the progress of new medicines such as cdk46, pd-l1/tgfBe, pd-l1.
Taking into account the company's performance in the marketing of innovative medicines, as well as the successive approvals of high-quality domestic and foreign generics, and the steady growth in performance, we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating. We expect Lee Jin-ray to be 2019-2021.
There is uncertainty about the procurement of generic pharmaceutical belts. There is uncertainty about the progress of research and development on innovative medicines. There is uncertainty about the clinical and approval of generic medicines and innovations abroad.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment