Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Excellent performance, innovative medicine entering a concentrated harvest period Recommended (for the first time) Corporate performance was excellent. Companies achieved business income of $17.418 billion in 2018
Dollars, 25.89 per cent increase in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 4,066 million dollars increase in the same year, 26.39 per cent increase in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, deducting the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 33.19 per cent over the year.
During the reporting period, the company achieved a high level of growth in anti-cancer plates, with 42.5% of the company ' s anti-cancer plate products, and the Māori rate rose to 93.35%.
New pounds of sulfur, non-gstilten injection fluids, marliates, protein purple, and supremol injections are beginning to grow, and the company’s anti-cancer plates are expected to continue to grow. Research and development investment continues to grow, and innovative drugs enter a concentrated harvest period.
The cumulative investment in R & D amounted to 2,67 billion yuan, an increase of 51.81 per cent over the same period, and the total cost treatment, with R & D investment as a share of sales income rising to 15.33 per cent, has basically reached the level of overseas pharmaceutical giants.
In the middle of the harvest season, Sulphur Pephigstiltsten and Pythonite were successfully marketed, and the company accumulated four innovative drugs for sale. In the reporting period, 56 innovative drugs were in the clinical development phase, of which Carrelei Jumbo (lymphoma adaptive) were excellent.
The first qualification and the completion of the technical review are expected to be a marketed pd-1 standoff for the third national product, which is expected to be marketed in the first half of 2019. Companies are looking at a large number of pounds of products, and companies are expected to market two to three new items each year in the future.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.