I'd like you to meet me at the Sunshine Tower, and I'd like you to meet me at the Starship Sea for the first time.
Investment rating: buy-in (first) • price increases over the next three years, domestic headlights international, cover for the first time, give "buy-in" ratings to companies focused on 26 lights, forming a core competition in terms of cost, quality and technology through long-term accumulation
In the future, companies are expected to continue to use the three core competitive advantages to expand their high-quality customers, and to continue to expand their market share from home to the rest of the world.
• Carlight industry: accelerating upscaling, cost-tech leading firms will win, as the cost of led lights drops (led chip, controller, pc, pp, etc.).
In the future, the trend is clear: halogen lamps, thorium gas lamps to entry level, medium- and advanced-led lamps, and then matrix-led light. In particular, the matrix-led lamps, which are expected to accelerate their penetration rates as costs decrease significantly and domestic suppliers break through technology.
In 2022, the market size of China’s led lights will be 52.2 billion yuan, with a combined increase of 15% in 2019-2022. With high technical requirements and high product upgrades, it will be difficult for new entrants to catch up and high industry concentration (81% worldwide and 73% domestically).
The industry’s technological processes will mature, with cost advantages, quality assurance, and technology-led light companies likely to finally win. • Three core competitive advantages, enabling companies to expand globally in the future
Since its inception, the company has focused on the area of carlights, continuing with three dimensions of cost control, quality control, technology upgrading, and eventually creating three core competitive advantages in cost, quality, and technology. With these advantages, the company has successfully upgraded its client groups from a few autonomous brands to mainstream joint brands and global blobs.
In 2007, joint-venture brand clients accounted for only about 20% of the revenue from Starwood, compared to 80% in 2018. In the future, there is still plenty of room for Starwood within the solar system and the luxury car system (joint venture), while these three core competitive advantages will help companies move from home to the world.
In the 26 years since it was established, the company has been focusing on the automobile light business and is now in business.
As one of the country's best lights suppliers. The company's client base is also dominated by a small number of autonomous brands at the beginning of its creation, which have expanded to today's high-quality joint ventures. On the way forward, Sung-woo has not stopped.
Led lights, smart car lights; client groups will also be rising up - from common joint ventures to luxury, overseas high-quality cars. Figure 1: Corporate core lights business continues to remain at around 90%
1.1. The deep-farming lamp industry, from primary to advanced levels, in the early stages of company development (up to 2010), is limited to technological accumulation, product R & D capabilities, and the owner of the company ' s product is required to be part of the medium- and low-end car type of headlamps, part of the sector in the combination lamps, fog lamps, other small lights, and so on.
The company ' s efforts to improve the quality of its products and strengthen its R & D inputs have been very effective, as a result of which it has been able to obtain orders for high-end vehicles and light products, and its core products have been expanded from primary halogen lamps to thorium gas lamps, led tail lamps, and then upgraded to primary ed headlamps, and middle and high-level ed headlamps.
At present, some of the company ' s main products are: headlamps: Odyq 5l Xenon gas lamps (part of which was produced in the first half of the year 2018), new Treasure Led lamps (introduction class, produced in mid-2018), Steam (produced in early 2019), and Goled.
Large lamps (mid-2018), etc.: BMW2 (end 2017 production), Discovery Led (second 2018 production), Odia 6l (first half of 2019), etc.
Figure 3: Early company (pre-2010) products focused on primary halogram lamps Figure 4: Current company product focuses on led headlamps, led taillights 1.2, ten-fold expansion over 10 years to set industry trends
1.2.1 Ten times the ten-year expansion of revenues, with sales contributing the core force, during which time the combined growth in the size of the car-light market was only 14.72 per cent, while the combined volume of the car-gated market increased by only 9.7 per cent, with the company expanding at a far faster rate than the industry and a growing market share.
A quick splitting shows that in 2009-2018, the sales of company carlights increased by 20.25 per cent, contributing the bulk of the increase in revenue, with the average price of company carlights increasing by 7.67 per cent over the same period. Further, the company ' s continued growth in the price of carlights was driven mainly by two factors: (1) company customer upgrading (in 2007, company autonomy)
Over 80 per cent of brand clients, compared with more than 80 per cent of joint venture clients in 2018, led to product upgrading and price increases; (2) changes in the structure of corporate products, with 60 per cent of income from pre- and post-brand lamps in 2009, compared with 71 per cent in 2018 and higher-value products.
1.2.2 The main reasons why Maori has taken the lead and suffered are the following: (1) During this period, the main products of the halogen lamp industry were still halogen lamps, light bulb tails, americium, fluorescent lamps, led lamps have a lower share, and halogen lamps are transparent and technologically mature and therefore competitive in the industry.
Intensely, the unit price of the same product continued to decline; (2) low-value orders for companies to obtain stock shares in the joint venture system were one of the necessary instruments: (3) higher volumes of high-value lamps produced by companies during this period, and a slightly lower level of Māori (the lower Māori ratio for traditional front lamps) in exchange for high-value orders was the firm ' s policy
The main strategy of the company during this period was to exchange profits for the market, as evidenced by the continued high growth in company revenues in 2009-2016, as evidenced by the fact that high-value products at the heart of the company were carried out with a flashlight of gs4, a flashlight, and a golf light, because: (1) the value of the new volume of car lamps started in 2017, the Māori rate was better, and there were virtually no new lows.
Car end lights orders. For example, high speed lights in 2017, BMW tails, Odieo 5l lamps in 2018, Odia 3 xenon gas lamps, New Treasure Led lamps, Led lights before and after singing, Qurreed lamps, and so on, production rates are better, Māori rates are better; (2) the company has been producing Led tails since 2014, when it began to produce them.
The continued improvement in production line automation levels has led to a sustained improvement in the Māori rate of Led taillights. The theoretical improvement in the company ' s Māori ratio in 2018, driven by a variety of high-value, high-māori rate novels, has been even greater, but the actual improvement has been limited, raising only 0.99 ptt compared to the previous year. This is because the primary raw material for the carlights since 2017 is pc (consolidated carbon).
Acid prices continue to rise (up to a maximum of nearly 100%), partly offsetting the improvement in the Māori ratio of products. In the second half of 2018, raw materials such as pc, pp, etc., have fallen sharply, driving the company ' s Māori rate to a short and fast recovery. Looking ahead, we believe that there is still much room for improvement in the company ' s Māori ratio, mainly in: (1)
Structural improvements: Led lamps still have room for upgrading and the product will be upgraded to higher ends: (2) accumulated: Māori rates still have room for improvement as the company has accumulated experience with Led lamps production; (3) raw materials lower prices: raw materials such as led chips, carlight controllers, etc., still have much room for decline in prices of raw materials, which in turn drives Led lamps,
The biggest change over the past 10 years has been the continuous upgrading of old products despite falling prices. In 2008-2018, the average price of cars in the country (about $131,400,000/car) remained almost constant.
In this case, the volume of vehicle lamps has increased considerably: from about $1,200 in 2008 to around $2,000 in 2018, the value of the majority of vehicle spare parts has declined. Looking forward to the next few years, we believe that there is at least a three-way trend in the lighting industry: (1) accelerated product upgrading:
Developments from traditional halogens, thorium headlamps to led headlamps, advanced led headlamps, traditional light bulb tails to led tails, advanced led taillights and oled taillights: (2) In a context of high technical barriers and continuous technological upgrading, new firms will be difficult to enter, stocklights will be superior and weak, and industry concentration will continue to progress
Step-by-step upgrading of space: (3) As technology accelerates and raw material prices fall, the cost and prices of new and emerging car lamps are expected to decrease considerably.
2.1. Lower-cost drive-up LED light penetration 2.1.1, Led optical module is at the core of LED light costs. If the LED light industry chain is divided into upper, middle and downstream, then the upstream ones are mainly: led chip manufacturing,
Encapsulation, plastic particles; middle-streaming includes optical modules, led controllers, ballasts, and various types of plastics; downstream is mainly the manufacture and assembly of headlamps. From a competitive pattern, there is a better pattern of upstream-downstream competition, with a higher concentration of industries and hence better profitability.
The cost structure of the led headlights. For a typical led headlamps (different types of led headlamps, cost structures, for example, some parts of the light do not have ecu), the cost is about 40% for optical modules, about 20% each for plastics, controllers, and about half of the cost for optical models comes from the led chip, the led tail light, the led tail.
The cost of the optical module is about 50%, and the cost of plastics is about 20%. Thus, the higher price of the light is mainly: the chip, the plastic, the controller. 2.1.2, the downside price of raw materials leads to a drop in the cost of the light.
As a result of technological advances and lower costs, the price of the led chip fell at a rate of more than 10% in previous years, and thus the penetration rate of the led chip by car rose rapidly, further increasing the size and cost of the led chip. Looking ahead, the led chip price still has much room for decline, mainly in: 1)led technology.
Progress is continuing; (2) competition in the led chip industry is increasing — because of higher levels of profitability, the expansion of large firms, and the entry of formerly produced universal led chip companies into the vehicle led chip industry, such as the Chinese trian light power, where competition is expected to drive the price of led chip further down.
Smd-reconnology 30lm@1w
smd-70m@1w technology
Csp-technology had a high quantity of light controllers and profit margins in the early stages of the development of the Led light, as the industry expanded with
The technology is mature and prices are falling, and profit margins are returning to normal levels. For example, in Kobuda (the supplier of the light controller), the main light-source controller and the auxiliary light-source controller for the visual supply of China 2016-2019h1 fell from 175.6 to 115 and 55, respectively, with the annual compound rate of decline.
In the future, the price of the led controller still has much scope for decline, mainly because: 1) the level of profitability in the industry is still high. In Koboda, for example, while prices have declined significantly over the years, the level of Maori water in the lighting control system has remained at a high of 30%:2) level.
The former mainframe plant, in order to control the purchase price, will designate the lamp factory to use the third-party independent auto electronic supplier control product, which is expected to decrease further as the light enterprise produces its own control devices. Figure 18: Māori ratio of the light control system in Kobuda
Over the years, the prices of upstream pc/pp raw materials have fallen considerably as a result of the economic downward pressure. At the same time, major firms in the industry continue to expand their production of pc, which is expected to be more than twice the total planned capacity of the pc sector by 2020, according to the energy expansion of the major firms.
It should be easier and prices are expected to fall further. 2.2, Industry continues to upgrade and market size expands steadily. 2.2.1, led lights: from primary to advanced levels
With the new quadrupling of cars (electricity, intelligence, network connectivity, sharing) like fire, the intellectualization of car lights will also become a necessary trend. The development of carlight intelligence is aimed at making traffic safer and easier. To achieve this, the path to its realization at this stage is mainly: providing more effective auxiliary driving.
For a period of three to five years, halogen lamps, thorium gas lamps have infiltrated the entrance level, middle- and senior-level led lamps, re-directionally.
The trend is more certain in the array light. Especially in the matrix light, the penetration rate is expected to accelerate as the cost drops and the technology breakthroughs of insiders.
A new populist, a big toyota, a big toyota, a whole new Audia 6l, Berk King-Wish, a show-off, Gilly-Rill, and so on.
In order to save costs, entry-level leds are usually smaller, usually in the form of reflective (no need for lenses) or in the form of near-lights, and in some cases do not require ecu. They apply to passenger vehicles of around $100,000, or
The typical case is that of a new generation that came to the market in June 2018, with a large amount of gas and Toyota, using this reflective light. Both suppliers are the shares of the Stars.
The upper-middle-level led usually has multiple led optical modules or lighting compartments with more than one lighting mode, and the ecu is relatively complex. The upper-middle-level led lights are usually used for cars with more than $200,000.
Figure 23: On-the-job LED lights
The matrix light is made up of multiple led subsectors, each of which has several led beads, each of which can be controlled separately, and each of which is more complex. Each of the led subsectors can be seen as a pixel, with more pixels, with better lighting. The core function of the matrix is that there are multiple modes that can be achieved.
The lighting effects, such as high-speed, peri-urban, curved patterns, etc., can also be achieved, for example, by preventing displays. These functions can make cars safer and more reliable, while also being more friendly to other traffic participants.
Because of the high cost, the matrix-led lamp was used only on the flagship or high-end model of some luxury vehicles, such as the Audia 8, the Mercedes-e tops, etc., and as the cost dropped, there are now mainstream luxury brands with the matrix-led lamp on top of the high-matching model or common brand.
With 15 independently controlled Led lighting subterranean matrix lamps, the new generation of Audia 6l was listed in 2019 as full-scale matrix Led. Figure 26: Audia 8 matrix Led
Figure 27: Beck Gunway matrix-led car lamps 2.2.2, Pixel lamps coming closer, Pixel lamps meaning full digitization of car lamps, accessible, based on dlp projection technology, sensors and smart algorithms
A light projection of millions of pixels. Not only does a smart pixel lamp have a variety of lighting modes for general intelligence lamps, but it can also be personalized and further improved in line with road conditions.
It is carried in a common home type and on a vehicle. The pixel-type lamp is capable of performing a variety of functions, such as: intelligent proximity light; reduction of the negative impact of road surfaces; projection of pedestrian identification information; projection of traffic signs such as speed limits, signposts, etc.
Figure 29: Pixel light sidewalking projection 2.2.3, the market size of the car light is expanding steadily, and Led leads, according to Oslan's projections, the global penetration of the light front is expected to be over 45 per cent by 2023, of which, Rect.
The LED light penetration rate is expected to exceed 10%. As high-value traffic lights such as Led continue to rise, the global market will reach $35.8 billion a year, with a compound increase of 5.7% in 2016-2022, and will continue to increase in China ' s LED light penetration over the next few years as the cost of LED lights drops.
During the year, the market size of the Chinese led will reach 52.2 billion yuan, and the combined rate of growth will reach 17.3 per cent in 2016-2022, while the total market size of China ' s lorries will reach 60.6 billion yuan.
At present, the global market for carlights is highly concentrated, and according to our calculations, the market share of the world ' s top five leading carlight companies was as high as 81 per cent in 2018, namely, Japanese Xiaoping, Fareo, Magne-Merenal, Hira, Stanley, the first of which collected about €6.6 billion in 2018, with a global market share of about 25 per cent.
The Chinese market has a relatively concentrated share, and the top five headlight companies have a market share of about 73% of China’s driving lights, namely, China’s vision, Faleo, Japan’s share in Starwood, and Stanley’s share of the market. The first of these, China’s vision, has a market share of about 29%.
In addition to this, the overall share of the industry is increasingly concentrated. Business M&As in the lighting industry have been further intensified by the acquisition of light in Japan by Fareo in 2017, and by Magnuer in 2018.
The manufacturer of Italian car lamps, olsa, further expands the scope of its lamp business. In the future, when the led light penetration reaches a certain level (more than 50%), the entire industry will mature in technical processes, and firms with cost advantages and quality assurance are expected to finally win.
3-Sung Woo shares: Soyuz Tower, heading for the starship sea 3.1. Client outreach: drops and drops to the sea from the original, mainly for autonomous brands such as Chiré and One Steam, to today's, mainly for medium- and high-end joint brands.
Star-woo has come to his high-light moment, but behind his bright eyes, it's hard -- every client, every lamp, it's not easy to expand. We look back at the company's client outreach for more than a decade, and we take a look at it, and we pick the right direction, and we stick with it. The way we choose Star-woo is just following the pace of a high-quality joint venture, and it's starting to go up.
Volkswagen, Volkswagen, followed by Toyota, Hiro, Toyota, Dong Fung, BMW. The company insists on supplying Teeta, Bolai, etc. with a variety of low-value headlights for more than a decade (when it was marketed in 2011, out of a large array of car-light products, only Jedda was the big one, all the others were the small ones) and now it's the big one.
Led past and back (a rough estimate of 19 years' revenue to the company of 400-500 million dollars), Led before and after speed (a rough estimate of annual revenue of over $600 million), Odiq5l with low light, Odia3 lights, etc. drops accumulated into the ocean. For Starwoo, drops are called "lights", "low-end lights."
The BMW supply is low-value light, initially for the East Wind Nitrogen, which is a self-owned brand-opening lamp, but now the largest-volume car-type that the East Wind produces daily - a halogenated front-and-back lamp.
It's not the end, it's the starting point, it's the starting point, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the start, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end, it's the end.
Top-of-the-ball headlights, even better than some of them. That's why, in later competitions for new projects, the company will continue to emerge and reap high-quality orders. Figure 38: Corporate clients expand their main course.
Quantities of Carola before and after the Toyota flower canopy;
New Gilly, Volvo, wide-fung thunder taillights; Xin (China), Cong-tae,
(a) The first taillight was turned on d90 volumes in parallel with the development of the headlights;
The lights are on and on after the Odyssuv, and the lights behind them, and then the gas is used for Mitsubishi and Chirretje.
A full-scale project marked the Snow Dragon: via the BMW of Germany.
Qualifying as a ball provider, taking over 19 new headlights, taillights, company-backed first joint venture brands.
A new popular Golf focused on 45, which is the highest number in history, including:
Led Lamp Project (New Treasure) a7 full-led taillight batch, Japanese output, wide-bore multiplies
Audia 3, q5 front lights and BMW all produced; company accompanies Honda, Toyota, etc.
The ball f45/f46lci then combined the lamp; received the first large light volume; entered the long Anfort, in the solar car.
A historic breakthrough in the order of the public's two-car-type led light development.
In terms of client structure, in 2007, Starwoo’s top client was the Chir vehicle, which contributed 53.35% of the revenue of the year. The second and fifth clients were: one pop-up public (the size of the purchase for the year was only $4.74 million), one pop-up chari, one populist Toyota, and one populist Toyota. Overall, the autonomous brand represented 80% of the revenue of the year.
And in 2018, the first customer for Starwoo, with a purchase of about 40 per cent of the latter's income, followed by a toyota, upper gas, Chirí (about 8 per cent). Joint ventures contribute more than 80 per cent of the revenue to Starwoo.
At the beginning of 2011, the company's products for the general public were mainly Audi, Maiten, Speeding, etc.
In the period 2013-2016, he was granted a large or tail light package of popular treasures, stench, golf, etc. In 2016, he received the largest order since he entered the public system.
So, here's the Audia 3, q5l, New Treasure, New Ride, and other high-value, high-morigin projects, such as the Led large lights. Starryo’s outreach to other important joint ventures is basically similar to that of the public, starting with small lights or low- and medium-end cars.
At the outset, as cooperation deepens and client recognition improves, there is an opportunity to obtain more orders in the new project for follow-on clients, including one totoyota, one torto, one torto, one torto, one torto, one torto, and the BMW.
In addition to the pre- and post-deployment lights produced in 2018; the East Windfields have cooperated and has received some of the priority projects; the company has also taken over the Long-Ammadé da Anksala light project; and prior to the company ' s future collaboration with Volvo, Benz, and so on, the future is still larger than the number of high-quality joint branding clients currently being developed.
While the share of the public is about 40 per cent, the Audi is still smaller and small, and with the improved mutual trust that a3 q5l and other models are working together, the company is expected to acquire more high-quality models in the future: (2) One Toyota: the largest single-body project in the past is still Carola, but it has received new suv light orders and will be in the future in its system.
Accompaniment shares are expected to reach 50 per cent; (c) Toyota: there are currently only thunder-cream taillights and flashlights on large projects with a total share of only 10 per cent + and the ceiling is still far away; (d) East Fung Niang: Japanese product plates are now just being matched with big light projects, and their share is small, and there is much scope for further expansion: (v) other solar systems: Hiroshimoto, Dong Fing Hinta
Both have just begun, and the future will be large enough as cooperation progresses; (6) Other medium- and high-end brands: Vol Volvo, Mercedes and others, which have not yet been formally equipped with pre- and post-light projects, but once they have made a breakthrough, the performance of the planet is 3.2 years old, building on three major advantages - the key to future quota expansion.
Looking back at Sung-woo's growth history, if the company's core goals are summed up as “doing its best to reach out to high-quality clients”, then its main path to realization is three: to manage costs, improve quality, and strengthen research and development. Cost control is a top priority. These three advantages are also the core weapons of the future expansion of the planet and even its global development.
3.2.1. Excellent cost-control capabilities. After many years of development, the cost advantages of the Star have become significant, mainly in three areas: research, development, management, and manufacturing. The core of R & D is its own R & D ladder, complete autonomous research.
It's a typical engineer-intensive industry, with a large number of supporting projects that require a large team of engineers to follow, and the engineers are the dividends of the times that have given China, a rough estimate that is 50% lower than the cost of localizing a high-impact team of engineers compared to the overseas carlight giants.
Toyota’s methods of work were introduced in 2011 and were costly to introduce: core parts (key molds and important parts such as multi-colour masks, optical modules, controls).
The second is to optimize the supplier system (upgrading supplier capabilities and developing local suppliers), with a focus on self-empowerment, with R & D personnel costing less than foreign competitors 2. They have experiments that include model design and manufacturing, engineering and manufacturing, electronic design and manufacturing, and national approval.
3. Rapid response, good service, centralization of decision-making during the process of parallel development with the entire garage. 1. In 2011, a strategic planning, internal control management advisory team was introduced, together with the original Toyota methodology.
2. In 2011, through changes in the structure, organization and mode of operation of the production system, the production system was adapted to the changing needs of its users, and everything that was useless was streamlined in the process, ultimately leading to the optimization of the entire process
4. The establishment of a project cost database was initiated in 2012 and cost accounting and management was achieved through the erp workshop management system.
5. The Internal Control Management Group was established in 2012 to coordinate processes, risk mapping and system refinement and dynamic follow-up by business units
1. Home-made rates with high core molds (high-tech content, high-value molds, such as multi-colour masks), engineering, critical zero components (optic modules, controllers, etc.) 2. Continuous optimization and integration of supplier systems, allowing companies to maintain a certain advantage in cost control
While building itself, actively supporting the development of local suppliers, creating good partnerships that are developed together, and giving companies some advantage in the control of procurement costs, is due to excellent cost-control capabilities, even in the value-added of products, the client structure is significantly poor.
Under the prevailing circumstances, the level of Māori in Starwoo remains unchanged from the international giants. Using as a reference the best level of the Māori rate in the four giants (Hala, Xiaoyu, Faleo, Stanley, al Māori data are not available) as a reference, its vehicle operations in 2014-2018 (mainly the headlights and car electronics) did not separately disclose the Māori rate of the headlights, but the car
The Māori ratio of Woo shares is between 21 and 24%, not much different from that of Heirah. However, there is a significant difference between the product structure and the household structure of Starwoo and Heirah (according to the Ipo 2015 book, headlights account for 69% of headlights, taillights for 14%, and light and interior lamps for 10% and 8%, respectively).
The exact Māori rate for the Haila CarLight operation is not easily available, and we have chosen Fareo's visual system operation (more than 90 per cent of which is a car light) as a reference, even though its client structure and product structure are generally better than that of the Star, but it is less profitable than that of the Farreaux (measured by ebitda/harvest).
3.2.2. Quality of products: Continuous improvement, no loss of foreign capital, besides a great deal of effort in cost control, Star has invested a great deal of resources in improving the quality of products. Until 2014, companies have been looking for “improved quality” and “optimised cost” as the two most important products per year.
The continuous improvement and upgrading of quality has also given companies a better reputation for their industries. According to some mainstream joint ventures, the quality of Starwood’s products is no longer lost to some of the international car-light giants. Table 7: The company’s work and some of its achievements in improving the quality of its products
The company will focus on further improving the quality of its products throughout the year: continuously improving the quality and control of critical processes; and undertaking oc creative launches;
Further strengthen and improve the consistency and completeness of product drawings, technical documents and process documents; Actively apply advanced processes and strengthen the implementation of process equipment modification and process discipline: Enhance product detection and testing levels, effectively improve the once-in-a-kind compliance rate and enhance product competitiveness;
It is planned that the year 2012 will continue to focus on improving the quality and scale of products and their normative development throughout the year, “focusing on upgrading the quality of products and research and development capabilities, with a view to achieving a step-by-step upgrading, with a view to increasing market share in the future”;
(c) Toyota Special Contribution Award for Tianjin
Firms maintain a quality approach based on “first-class quality, first-class service, first-class efficiency, which provides users with a product of one 2018 that meets the requirements” and perform rigorous quality control in terms of design, production, marketing, supply, delivery, transport, services, etc., so as to guarantee the quality of the product and win the market with the quality of the product.
Continued cost and quality control ultimately shapes two of the company’s fundamental advantages: cost and quality advantages, which are also the legacy of Starwood’s continued success in obtaining high-quality orders over the years. In the future, these two advantages are still expected to expand the market both within and outside the planet, against the backdrop of increasing competition over the entire car, and increasing pressure to lower the cost of the vehicle.
3.2.3. Technology R & D: New and new, much more focused on R & D than the shoulder giants, with company R & D spending increasing year after year in 2013-2018 and maintaining its share of revenue
According to the results of R & D, the company applied for 486 patents in 2018, which is not far from 515 of the industry’s leading Chinese vision.
By the end of 2018, corporate pixels, second-generation adbs, matrix adbs had all been successfully developed. We expect to see high-tech output in the near future. Technical capacity is not the only foundation on which a carlight company is based, but it is an important foundation for its long-term development.
Star-woo's technology has improved significantly in recent years, and the gap between the giants has been narrowing. Together with the company's excellent cost and quality control capabilities, these technologies are expected to help the company capture its share of the stock market in the future.
The company's first afs front lights were successfully developed for the second generation of adb front lights;
Auxiliary long-lighting (blue and white lasers) won the Standing State Mayor's Quality Award, welding through the taillights.
The second generation of post-oled combination light research and dimension control techniques have been successful in the development of pixel headlamps; ndas
The company's share of the "Red Lights for Cars, the first generation to adapt to a distant light lamp, the development of a smart headlight; lin/can
The system development project was successfully developed in Jiangsu province (adb headlights); control of rgb climate lights was successfully developed; low output
Science and Technology Trinity Award; Designed by the company for the first time in the industry to launch a night aid driver, the two-lightled lens component has been successfully developed:
The matrix adb has been developed from the adaptive to the distant light.
Daylights have been approved by clients for 3.3. Over the next three years: volume increases, volume improvements for new projects and Māori improvements will be two of the core factors driving the growth of corporate performance over the next few years.
On the other hand, new items produced in 2019 and beyond are of high quality (unit prices and sales); on the other hand, lower raw materials prices and higher Māori product ratios will lead to further improvements in the company ' s Māori ratio.
In 2019, companies produced more high-quality projects, such as speed, a new generation of Carola, and evaporation, and these high-selling, high-priced projects, which are still on their way to full production, will contribute to the company’s higher income growth in 2020. In addition, the company produced more important projects in 2020 and beyond, such as Toyota Handa, Toyota Handa, Toyota, Toyota and others.
Ma’anksala, Toyota Suv, etc., will provide the impetus for the company’s revenue growth after 2020. 3.3.2, improved product structure, reduced cost, Māori rates will continue to improve, and we believe that there is still room for a significant improvement in the company’s future Māori ratio, with four main drivers: (1)
The second point has already been analysed in chapter II, section 1, where the focus has been on a new generation of BMLs since mid-2018, with the result that the new generation of BMLs has been put into production.
The direct result is that, after the bottom of the 2018q3 Māori ratio, Starwoo's share of Leed's income continues to rise significantly. In the future, with the new upswings of the slopes, the Maiten led lamp, and the displaying of the Led light, the share of HSLIG's income is expected to rise even further.
Prior to that, the Led light controller (mainly Kobuda), which was supplied to the joint venture brand in particular, was purchased out of stock, mainly due to the late development of the e-business in the field, and therefore the lack of technology at the point of purchase of the order.
But in these years, when the electronic technology of Starwoo’s carlights has matured and has been matched with experience in a self-owned brand model, it is expected that in the near future, the Star-made controller will be placed on a joint venture model. Because of the high value of the controllers (about 20% of the cost of the light in the Led), and the high Māori rate, it is expected that this will be achieved in the near future.
And if we can do it ourselves, we estimate that this change alone will raise the calculus of the star's led lamp by 3-5 pct.
We believe that, with the accumulation of mass production experience, the led headlamps are expected to increase continuously. Using the star tail lights as a reference, there are two perspectives:
(1) While the current Māori rate of the Led taillights of the Star is about 30 per cent above the current Māori level of the Led headlamps, the technical requirements, complexity of the led headlamps exceed the Māori rate of the tails, and the Māori rate of the Läd headlamps of the mainstream carlights is generally higher than their Māori level:
(2) Starwoo’s Māori rate was also lower in the early stages of producing the Led tail lamps, and has been improving since then. Therefore, we believe that the Māori rate of the Läd light can be expected to improve as the company accumulates its own development experience.
(b) The company's experience in the production of led lamps has been gradually increasing, and the core components, such as the controls, have steadily increased.
We believe that, in the long run, companies are expected to use the three core competitive advantages to expand their customers, achieve market share, and continue to expand. In the short and medium term, the increase in the volume of new projects and the Māori rate will drive the company’s performance to consistently medium and medium.
Quick growth. On the one hand, the high quality of new projects produced in 2019 and beyond (unit prices, sales) and greater income elasticity to the public sector; on the other hand, four major changes will lead to a sustained improvement in corporate Māori ratios: 1) higher Māori ratio of product revenues, such as the light light: 2) lower prices of raw materials: 3) higher self-formulation of core items: 4)
There has been a significant drop in sales in the car industry: companies are subject to major changes in the industry, and the public sector will also be affected if there is a significant decline in the industry: one pop-up is less than expected: as the first client of Star, one is less than expected.
No part of it has been, is not, will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The depth 300 index, the Hong Kong stock benchmark index, is a permanent index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for the transfer target of the agreement) or a three-board market index (for the transfer target)
The benchmark index of the United States shares is the index of 500 or the NASDAQ index.