A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
BUY (Initiation)
Best proxy to capture the retail banking boom
Target Price
Up/Downside
+24.0%
Current Price
SUMMARY. PAB had significant achievement in growing client base and AUM
since kicking off its full-scale retail transformation in 2016. We expect the Bank
to deliver all-round improvement in financial performance going forward. Initiate
China Banking Sector
coverage with BUY.
Huge growth potential with client base expansion and upgrade.
Terry Sun, CFA
Leveraging on Ping An Group's (PAG) integrated platform, comprehensive
product spectrum, and extensive distribution network, Ping An Bank (PAB)
was able to achieve a rapid growth of retail client base (44% CAGR in 2016-
18). The Bank's strategic focus has now shifted to growing high-net-worth
Karen Sui
individuals that offer greater business potential, due to broader financial
demand and higher stickiness. A key initiative is to incorporate Ping An
Trust's wealth management team into the Bank's private banking (PB)
division. This would further boost PAB's AUM and fee income growth.
Stock Data
Resilient margin amid interest liberalization. China banks would continue
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
235,406
to face margin pressure, as PBoC gradually liberalizes interest rates. Banks
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB mn)
1,359
52w High/Low (RMB)
14.84/8.45
with higher retail loan exposure should enjoy stronger pricing power and
Total Issued Shares (mn)
17,170
superior NIM trend. As of 2018, PAB's proportion of retail loans was 58%,
Source: Bloomberg
highest in the sector. In contrary to most peers whose retail loans are
primarily mortgage, PAB owns a balanced retail loan portfolio (incl. mortgage,
credit cards, personal business loans, and other consumption loans),
offering itself more bargaining power and flexibility on pricing.
■ Benign asset quality outlook despite macro uncertainties. With a retail-
oriented loan mix, PAB is well positioned to enjoy greater risk diversification
Share Performance
and less cyclicality to macro-economy. Apart from some fluctuation in NPL
Absolute
Relative
8.3%
2.5%
1-mth
ratio of personal business loans, asset quality of other retail loans has
3-mth
10.5%
7.8%
remained solid over time, reflecting PAB's decent market penetration. As of
6-mth
43.8%
13.7%
1Q19, PAB's NPL ratio and provision coverage stood at 1.73% (-2bps QoQ)
and 170.6% (+15.4ppts QoQ). We see an early sign of asset quality turning
12-mth Price Performance
point. With stricter loan classification, the Bank's NPL formation and credit
costs could further retreat in coming quarters.
Initiate with BUY rating and RMB 17.0 TP. PAB currently trades at 0.96x
FY19E P/B, vs 0.86x for A-share bank average and 1.59x for CMB-A. There
is foreseeable earnings and valuation upside, as the Bank gets rid of the
legacy asset quality burden. Our RMB 17.0 TP is based on a GGM-derived
target P/B of 1.2x and FY19E BVPS of RMB 14.2.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PwC
Please cast your valuable vote for
Asiamoney Brokers Poll:
Contents
Focus Charts
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Investment Highlights
Huge growth potential with expansion and upgrade of client base
Leveraging on PAG's integrated financial platform, comprehensive product spectrum, and
extensive distribution network, PAB was able to achieve a rapid growth of retail client
base (44% CAGR in 2016-18). Around 40% of customer acquisition was through the
migration from various channels of PAG during the period. As of 1Q19, PAB's total no. of
retail clients reached 87mn, of which 0.76% and 0.04% were Wealth clients (RMB
500,000 AUM) and PB clients (RMB 6mn AUM), respectively.
Since 4Q18, PAB's strategic focus has shifted from expanding client base to cultivating
high-net-worth individuals. Such kind of clients could offer greater business potential,
given their broader financial demand and higher stickiness. In Oct 2018, the Bank
announced to incorporate Ping An Trust's wealth management team into its PB division.
This could greatly boost PAB's AUM and fee income growth. As indicated in Figure 10,
the proportion of Wealth and PB clients as of total retail clients started to pick up in 2H18.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
More resilient margin amid interest liberalization
As the PBoC gradually pushes for interest rate liberalization in China, banks' NIM would
continue to face downward pressure, due to competition in loan and deposit. We believe
banks with higher retail loan exposure would enjoy stronger pricing power, therefore
outperform during the interest liberalization cycle.
China started monetary easing with a series of cuts in benchmark interest rate in late-
2014, and the NIM of PAB and CMB (two most typical retail banks in China) has been
outrunning sector average since 2015. As of 2018, PAB had the highest proportion of
retail loans of 58%, followed by 54% for PSBC and 51% for CMB.
We do not see any advantage in corporate banking for PAB vs sector peers, but its retail
business generates notably higher loan yields. In contrary to most large banks whose
retail loans are mainly allocated to mortgage, PAB has been consistently exploring credit
cards, car loans, and personal business loans, and owns a more balanced retail loan
portfolio. Non-mortgage retail loans offer banks more bargaining power and flexibility on
pricing, resulting in more resilient loan yields and NIM.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Benign asset quality trend despite rising macro uncertainties
Similar to peers, PAB's corporate NPL ratio (2.59%) is significantly higher than retail NPL
ratio (1.10%) as of 1Q19, and corporate NPLs contributed to majority (63%) of the Bank's
total NPLs. That said, the Bank has notably reduced the proportion of risky corporate
loans (with NPL ratio > 3%), mainly to manufacturing and commercial sectors, to 11.1%
in 2018 from 21.7% in 2016. More importantly, with the highest proportion of retail loans
(58%), PAB is well positioned to enjoy greater risk diversification and less cyclicality to
macro-economy.
Looking into the breakdown of retail loans, apart from a volatile NPL ratio of personal
business loans, asset quality of other retail loans has remained quite solid over time,
reflecting PAB's decent penetration into retail market.
As of 1Q19, PAB's NPL ratio and provision coverage stood at 1.73% and 170.6%, down
2bps QoQ and up 15.4ppts QoQ, respectively. We see an early sign of asset quality
turning point. With more stringent NPL recognition practice, the Bank's NPL formation
and credit costs could further retreat in coming quarters.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Company Background
Company background
Headquartered in Shenzhen, PAB was formed in 2011 by merging Shenzhen
Development Bank Co., Ltd. (SZDB) and the former Ping An Bank, a subsidiary of Ping
An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. (or "Ping An Group", 2318 HK, NR). As of
31 Dec 2018, the Bank operated 1,057 outlets nationwide and had 34.6 thousand
employees.
One of the Bank's predecessors, SZDB, was established and incorporated as a joint-
stock bank in 1987 through consolidating six rural credit cooperatives in Shenzhen. In Apr
1988, SZDB went public on Shenzhen Stock Exchange and became the first listed bank
in China. The other predecessor, the former Ping An Bank, which used to be Shenzhen
Commercial Bank, was the first city commercial bank in China.
As of 31 Mar 2019, Ping An Group remained the controlling shareholder of PAB, holding
57.94% of the Bank's total equity interest. The parent company was established as the
first joint-stock insurer in China in 1988, and has developed into a financial conglomerate
consisting of insurance, banking, securities, trust, asset management business, etc.,
serving over 70mn customers.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Development strategy
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Retail Business Transformation
After the shift of senior management team in 2H16, PAB kicked off its full-scale retail
transformation in 2H16, with strategic goal of "Technology driven, retail breakthrough,
refine corporate business” (科技引领、零售突破、对公做精). A foremost target is to grow
retail client base (40.5mn in FY16) and lift retail revenue contribution (30.6% in FY16). By
end-FY18, no. of client and proportion of revenue from retail segment reached 83.9mn
and 53%, respectively. Since 4Q18, PAB has entered the second stage of retail
transformation, with key objective of enhancing earnings ability. A major initiative is to
merge wealth management team of Ping An Trust into private banking division.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
The core "3+2+1" framework. PAB's retail business is underpinned by a unique
framework, which comprises: three modules - basic retail, consumer finance & private
banking; two competencies - cost & risk management; and one internal driver - Artificial
Intelligence (AI). Basic retail mainly supports customer acquisition and volume growth,
while consumer finance and PB are major profit and AUM generators.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Earnings Forecasts
Expect 12-15% YoY net profit growth in FY19-21E
We forecast a 13.6% CAGR for PAB's revenue in FY19-21E, mainly driven by healthy
asset expansion and largely stable NIM. Non-interest income would continue to pick up
on strong bank card and agency service fees. Wealth management fee is likely to record
positive growth in FY19 after a consecutive decline in FY17-18, as the Bank finished
transformation of the business in accordance to the new asset management rule.
Given PAB's relatively high credit costs and strengthened provision buffer in 1Q19, we
see great earnings resilience should asset quality continue to improve. We expect net
profit to grow by 12.2%/13.4%/15.3% in FY19/20/21, up from 7.0% in FY18. As a result,
ROE is estimated to bottom out in FY19 and stay in the uptrend in FY20-21.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
CMBI vs consensus estimates
Our revenue and net profit forecasts are 2-4% higher than Bloomberg consensus in
FY19-20, and our ROE forecasts are 0.4ppt above consensus for the same period. This
is mainly due to our more bullish view on PAB's NIM and credit cost trend, as we believe
the Bank's successful retail transformation will lead to notable improvement in financial
performance in coming years.
Valuation and Recommendation
We use Gordon Growth Model to derive the TP for PAB. Our key assumptions include: 1)
Market risk premium of 8.2%; 2) Risk free rate of 3.2%, 3) Sustainable ROE of 13.5%; 4)
Long-term growth rate of 3.0%. Our TP of RMB 17.0 is based on a target P/B of 1.2x and
2019E BVPS of RMB 14.2.
We believe PAB should enjoy a valuation premium vs sector peers, given its greater
business growth potential, higher retail banking exposure, wider technology utilization,
and faster earnings growth.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS. Data as of 27 Jun 2019.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Key Risks
Risks related to macroeconomy
China's economic growth has been slowing down in recent years, and government is
actively pushing for deleveraging and industrial upgrade. In addition, the China-US trade
tension is adding pressure on the country's economic outlook. Although we believe the
slowdown remains largely controllable as countermeasures are rolled out, an unexpected
macro hard-landing may cause the asset quality of banks to deteriorate. The weakened
business activities and employment may dampen the repayment capability of both
corporate and retail customers of the Bank, consequently leading to a surge in NPLs.
Risks related to monetary policy
China banks' profitability is closely related to central bank's monetary policies. PBoC has
been liberalizing its interest rates, and this has significant impact on both asset and
liability sides of banks. Banks with extensive customer reach and comprehensive product
offering will have stronger bargaining power on lending rates. On the other hand, banks
compete for funding with higher deposit rates, which could drive up their liability costs and
squeeze margins. Looking ahead, we expect China to maintain a relatively
accommodative policy environment to cushion the impact from escalating trade tension.
Therefore, liquidity condition should stay relatively eased. This, to some extent, would
help to mitigate the margin pressure for banks heavily relying on interbank borrowings.
However, should the central bank tighten the monetary policy or loosen the guidance on
deposit rate cap, banks' deposit competition will further intensify and weigh on their NIM.
Risks related to credit card and consumption loans
Credit cards and consumption loans, with smaller amounts and better risk diversification,
generate higher yields (vs mortgages) and lower NPL ratios (vs personal business loans).
Therefore, they are preferred assets for banks to increase retail banking exposure,
especially amid China's consumption upgrade. However, individual customers may also
borrow from the fast-expanding consumer finance providers and online lending platforms.
As the credit records in these channels may not be available for banks to obtain,
customers' debt level may be underestimated, and their default risks may increase
especially during economic downturn and rising unemployment rate. The soaring debt
ratio of individuals and spill-over effect of defaults may result in higher NPLs of banks'
retail loans.
Risks related to regulatory environment
Chinese authorities have been tightening the regulation on banks' business activities and
operating indicators. For example, CBIRC is considering to implement a stricter NPL
recognition standard. After banks had included >90 day overdue loans into NPLs by the
end of 2018, the regulator was guiding large banks to further include >60 day overdue
loans into NPLs. PAB improved its NPL / >90 day overdue loans ratio to 103% in 2018,
from 52% in 2015. This partly resulted in relatively high NPL formation and credit costs
during the period. If the stricter NPL recognition is imposed sector wide, PAB may face
further pickup in NPL ratio and pressure on impairment charges.
Risks related to industry competition
China banks are facing multiple challenges, including economic restructuring, regulatory
intervention, and the rise of internet finance companies. These would result in
deteriorating profitability for corporate banking business. As such, Retail business
becomes the future battleground, and banks are all deploying vast amount of resources
to increase their competitiveness, such as investments in financial technology and
broadening of customer reach. PAB stays in the forefront of retail business development
and Fintech utilization, in our view. However, other banks may catch up with innovative
products. Financial services provided by technology giants, such as Alibaba and Tencent,
could also divert the Bank's customer resources.
Appendix 1 – History and milestones
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Appendix 2 – Management profile
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all
investors. CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual
investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events
may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not
guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS
recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a
professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants,
directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying
on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or
correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change
without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect
different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions
that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for
itself and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other
business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that
could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended
recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without
prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a
copy of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other
person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial
Adviser as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may
distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under
Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor,
Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal
6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.