Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) August 30, 2025 semi-annual report, first half of the company
Operating income now stands at $23,625 million, an increase of 23.35 per cent over the same period, net profit from the mother is $930 million, the human eye is turning into a diversified layout, the ai terminal business continues to grow in the first half of 2025, and the company’s business plates are growing robustly.
An increase of 0.34 percentage points. The production of materials, heat management (distribution), sensors and associated modules, fine assembly and related end core zero components has been maintained at a high level of Māori while incomes have increased rapidly in the product segments.
There has been better progress in improving artistic capabilities and efficiency, with companies increasing their market share and profitability by a percentage point. Apart from the ai terminal, cars, and low-altitude economies, the company’s other operations have generated revenues of about 1,577 million yuan. Of this, the company’s clean energy business has generated revenues of 1,382 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
In terms of new business start-up, there has been significant progress in products such as corporate robotics, servers, heat management (distribution), folding screens, and the introduction of solutions such as core components and joint modules, high-power chargers, and radiators associated with multi-human robots.
It's good for "two golds and two coppers," in which the company "Leadering the Brain" has a smart robotic leader who won the two-time champions of the first World Human Robotics Games of "Mixed Picking Skills" and "Fixing Skills" competitions, and the rock of the "Scaffle Skills Competition" contest.
On the surface, the amd series displays a bulk of fresh and thin fabric vc and the hyper-area aluminum base vc program, which for the first time achieved a scale application in the industry, yielding 0.1xmm ultra-tamium alloy support and folding pc carbon fibre support products associated with folding screen-related products.
The world's sophisticated manufacturers, the opening of ai hardware, the market demand is not as high as expected: market competition is too much; cost-side controls are less than expected: geopolitics use information on legal compliance, produce the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.