• A clear trend in underlying growth, optimistic business progress al terminal area, a clear trend in underlying business growth, and a pre-optimal business progress report
A share of the circulation unit (million shares): View. $20.9 billion, or 17 per cent, of the 2025h1 company ' s i hardware terminal revenue, with a rapid increase in revenue from materials, dispersive heat, sensors, assembly, etc., and a stable Māori rate.
Market value in circulation (millions): A full range of products, with depth benefiting from the innovation cycle of large client products, with a growing number of new material numbers, penetration in batteries, heat radiation, materials, etc., and an upscaling trend in asp.
The company continues to invest in the four main directions of the "human eye" and is expected to reconfigure the performance growth structure. 1) With respect to robotics, the company can provide core hardware such as head, smart hand, limb, high power charge, and radiative solutions for human robot clients.
The three-pronged capability to develop + Data and Models for Realisation has become an important player in the market, with strategic collaboration with a growing number of robotic clients, and has now completed the payment of thousands of whole machine processing orders. (ii) In the case of eyeglasses, the company provides soft functions, emulations, radiator solutions for head customers.
Key component products such as programs, chargers, etc., are expected to benefit fully from the continued expansion of the i-glass market and the continued roll-out of a-i-glass new products by brand manufacturers; 3) in the context of folding screens, companies have provided key components such as a medium frame, vc mean heat plate, screen support layer, and have covered domestic and external head customers, apples 2026 or so.
E-Community Strategy Report 2025: Electronic roll-out of fold-screened mobile phones, with suppliers with technological and customer advantages expected to benefit fully; 4) Servers Industry is expected to hit a new round of major cycles
On the other hand, the company has been working with global clients on radiant products for gpu, cpu and ai applications and has been promoted as a core supplier of amd. In addition, the company has invested heavily in high-power server power products.
Accurate manufacturing lead business, I lead a new cycle of growth, 2024.12.23 Automobile revenues have increased significantly, and confidence has been strong. 25h1 automobiles and low-altitude economic plates have generated $1.180 billion, or 38%. The company's product structure consists of power cells, laser radar parts and motor power.
Sub-diversion systems have expanded to such areas as auto-dispersing modules, in-car soft-packing products, charging products, and vehicle-loading machines. The acquisition of Jiang Sukoda has helped to strengthen firm-wide business expectations.
In the long run, the company is expected to accelerate the deployment and landing of its new business through its strategy of “internal + outreach”. The company's net profit of 2.331 billion in 25-26 years is projected to take into account the company's continued growth in large customer operations.
Long-term expectations, as well as the growth potential of new business expansion, maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts