In-depth study by the non-ferrous metals industry company
The Pacific Securities Institute1 and the Integrated Aluminium Industry in the country, which is now more than 40 miles deep in the aluminium industry. Yunnan Aluminium, formerly aluminium factory, was founded in 1970.
In the industrial chain layout, the company has its own bauxite resources and mining, with middle and middle tourism covering the production of aerobics, aromatic carbon, graphite and electrolytic aluminium, among others, and downstream covering a wide range of aluminium processing applications.
At the end of 2024h1, the company formed 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 305,000 tons of green aluminium, 1.6 million tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium-processing products, and 82 million tons of carbon-based production capacity. 2 China's bauxite resources are relatively poor. The electrolytic aluminum production capacity is close to the ceiling. bauxite deposits are concentrated in Guinea, Viet Nam, Australia, Brazil, Jamaica, etc. The top five countries together accounted for about 71 per cent of the bauxite deposits in 2023, compared with China's bauxite reserves.
Redding is high. Subject to domestic policies in the electrolytic aluminium industry, the electrolytic aluminum production capacity is about 45 million tons, and according to data from the National Statistical Office, since April 2024, domestic monthly production of aluminum has remained high, and monthly production capacity has remained above 95%, close to the maximum capacity.3 The company's aluminum ore resource endowment is excellent, and electrolytic aluminium has a significant profit advantage.
On 23 June 2023, Mansan State accumulated 13.32 million tons of bauxite, with an average aluminium oxide grade of 49.91 per cent, an average aluminium silicon ratio of 5.77 tons, and the company ' s bauxite minerals can reach 2.64 million tons/year. According to information from the City of Mansan, the company ' s bauxite mines produce 1 ton of electrolytic aluminium, which is approximately 0.22 million yuan in total out-mining cases, and the company has a clear advantage in the profits of the company ' s single tons of electrolytic aluminium.
1. National green aluminum taps, operating in constant good condition, Chinese aluminum resources are poor, electrolytic aluminium production close to the ceiling, and mineral resources offer a single ton profit advantage
1.1 Development course: Green Aluminum Dragons in the country, 40 in the deep-farming aluminium industry > and 40 in the integrated aluminium industry in the country. Yunnan Aluminium Co. Ltd., formerly the Yunnan Aluminium Factory, was established in 1970, changed to market in 1998, jumped to the country’s 10 priority aluminium enterprises in 1999 and joined the China Aluminum Group in 2019.
In the industrial chain layout, the company has its own bauxite resources and mining, with the production of smelting, including aluminium oxide, arctic carbon, graphite and electrolytic aluminium, and downstream, with a wide range of aluminium processing applications and integrated green industrial chains. As of the end of 2024, h1.
The company has formed 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 3.05 million tons of green aluminium, 1.6 million tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium-processing products, and 820,000 tons of carbon-based products.
The first group of green manufacturers, the Yunnan Aluminium Plant, was electrolyzed in the aluminium industry.
Green low-carbon hydropower in Mansan, energy efficiency "leader" aluminum chemical project
Aluminium Integration Project Aluminium National Aluminium Acquisition Project Technical Upgrading of Aluminium Oxide Industry Project
Participation in the China-Aluminium Group and Rudine Hydro-Aluminium Project 1.2 Equity Structures: The Company is controlled by the State Council National Committee
Since 2019, the China Aluminium Group has gradually acquired shares in the company, and the Public Holdings have changed from China's copper industry to China's aluminium industry. The Chinese aluminium industry announced in 2022 that 19% of Yunnan's Aluminium shares in Yunnan Metallurgium had been acquired in cash through a private agreement. The Chinese aluminium industry held 29.1% of the shares directly in China's aluminium industry since the conclusion of the transaction.
The controlling shareholder is the Sino-Aluminium Group, which holds 18% of the total indirect shares. The Sino-Aluminium Group is the world’s largest producer of aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium, high-purified aluminium and anode for aluminium, and the company forms a collaborative development upstream and downstream with the group.
1.2 Equity structure: Aluminium ore and aluminium oxide: production of aluminium, aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium: carbon: operations in the use of aluminium in the use of aluminium in the form of aluminium in the form of alumina; electrolytic aluminium: seagulls, Zebsa.
Aluminium is produced by subsidiaries such as zirconium, lubricant, silhouette, silhouette and aluminum: Aluminium applications: aluminium processing applications through selenium, syrup, lubricant fabrics; trade: Aluminium sinks and Aluminium International companies are responsible for trade; logistics: Aluminium logistics layout through aluminium; sale: Aluminium asphalt and bauxite companies are responsible for selling products such as aluminum, aluminium processing, charcoal, etc.
1.3 Type of product: whole industry chain layout, ongoing expansion of aluminium applications Integrated layout from the end of the resource to the end of the application. Resource end: company actively layout bauxite resources. Medium-swap smelting: home-grown carbon products and aluminium oxide, self-supplied electrolytic aluminium production. Downstream application: deepening the development and development of aluminium alloys and their processing applications for construction.
Aluminium alloys and deep-processed products of the company are widely used in different fields.
Insomnia is used in the areas of orbital transport, aerospace, etc.: aluminum alloy welding, ships and defense construction. 1.4 Sales analysis: stable sales, increased production of aluminium-processed products.
The company’s main products are aluminium oxide, carbon products, aluminium alloys and aluminium processing products, aluminium oxides, carbon products, and aluminium processing products. The company’s production of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing products has been stable in recent years.
In 2023, the company earned $24.6 billion in electrolytic aluminium and 39 per cent in aluminum, a net return profit of $2.5 billion, a ratio of +66 per cent, a rise in aluminium production and a fall in aluminium prices.
Figure: Corporate operating income and rate of increase
As of 23.35 per cent of the 2024h1, the business situation continued to improve: 1, the country ' s green aluminum tap, the business situation continued to improve, 2, China ' s aluminium resources were poorer, and electrolytic aluminium production was close to the ceiling.
(iii) Mineral resources provide a single-ton profit advantage. 2.1 Industrial chain: made up of bauxite mining, aluminium oxide refining, primary aluminium production and aluminium processing > Aluminium industry chain includes upstream resource extraction and smelting, mid-stream deep processing, and downstream applications. Aluminium chain is mainly aluminium.
Soil mining, aluminium oxide extraction, primary aluminium production and aluminium processing comprise four components. Resources and smelting: upstream mineral resources are dominated by bauxite, and bauxite mines are extracted, cleaned, dissolved, filtered, acidized, burnt, etc. Aluminium oxide is refined; aluminium oxide is used as a raw material, crystallized rock is used as a solvent, and primary aluminium is produced by high-temperature molten salt electrolysis. Aluminium alloying and deep processing: electrolytic aluminium can be found.
Aluminium ingots, or alloyed elements are added to aluminium alloys, which are further processed into panels, bands, tubes, wires, scavengers, etc. by exercise, casting, swings, flushing, etc. In the field of application: Aluminium alloy products have a wide range of downstream applications, including basic industries such as buildings, automobiles, photovoltaics, packaging, machinery and home appliances, and high technology.
2.2 Aluminium deposits: Aluminium deposits are concentrated in Guinea, Viet Nam, Australia, Guinea, Viet Nam, Australia, and China is poorer. According to usgs, the global bauxite deposits in 2023 were about 30 billion tons, a reduction of 1 billion tons from 2023. Aluminium deposits are concentrated in a few countries.
Countries such as Nea, Viet Nam, Australia, Brazil, Jamaica together accounted for about 71 per cent of the top five bauxite deposits in 2023. In mid-2023, the country ' s bauxite resources amounted to 710 million tons, compared with China ' s bauxite resources and higher external dependence. 2.2 bauxite deposits: production is concentrated in Australia, China, Guinea, etc.
The amount of bauxite minerals is concentrated mainly in Australia, China, Guinea, and the dependence of foreign aluminium resources in China continues to rise. According to the Uggs, the global volume of bauxite minerals in 2023 was about 400 million tons, the same as in the same year; among them, Australia, China, Guinea, Brazil, and India, the amount of bauxite minerals was 0.98/033/0.97/031/023 million tons, which together accounted for 86 per cent of total global production.
The net import of aluminium ore and its concentrates rose from 52 million tons in 2016 to 142 million tons in 2023, the external dependence of our aluminium resources on aluminium oxides 2.3 Aluminium oxides (Aluminium Oxides) is maintained at a higher level: Aluminium Oxides are used at a higher level in the country. According to data from the National Statistical Office, at the end of 2023, the capacity of aluminium oxide production at the national level was about 10402.
Ten thousand tons, an increase of 3.9 million tons from the end of 2022; 82.44 million tons of domestic aluminium oxide production in 2023, an increase of 580,000 tons from the same year; 80 per cent of annual capacity utilization of aerobic aluminium for the year, which has remained at 80 per cent and above since 2017; a steady increase in domestic aluminium oxide production since March 2024; and, according to data from the National Statistical Office, domestic aluminium oxide production in January-August 2024.
A total of 55,880,000 tons, or +2.5 per cent; since March 2024, there has been a steady increase in the monthly production of aluminium oxide in the country, with a monthly production capacity of wi 2.4 electrolysis aluminium: production is close to the production cap; domestic capacity of aluminium electrolytic is maintained at a high level. Subject to domestic policies in the electrolytic aluminium industry, the electrolytic aluminum production capacity is about `calculus'
Forty-five million tons of aluminium electrolysis, which has reached its maximum capacity in recent years. According to data such as the National Statistical Office, at the end of 2023, the capacity of the national electrolytic aluminium production was approximately 4.48 million tons, an increase of 440,000 tons from the end of 2022; in 2023, domestic production of electrolytic aluminium was 41.9 million tons, an increase of 1.38 million tons from the same date; and in the entire year, the capacity of electrolytic aluminium production was 93 per cent, which has remained at 90 per cent and above levels since 2021.
Since April 2024, domestic capacity utilization for electrolytic aluminium has remained above 95%. According to data such as the National Statistical Office, domestic production of aluminium oxide in January-August 2024 amounted to 28,91 million tons, or +6.2% of the year. Since April 2024, domestic production of electrolytic aluminium has remained high and monthly capacity utilization has remained above 95%, close to the capacity ceiling.
Chart: China's electrolytic aluminium production, production and utilization (annual) Chart: China's electrolytic aluminium production (tonne, monthly) Downstream demand: construction property, transport as the main consumer area
Aluminium alloys have better mechanics and processing properties. Aluminium alloys are lightly quantifiable, good extension, corrosion resistant, good heliogenicity, better heat conductivity, magnetic non-magnetic, low-temperature, etc. They are widely used in real estate and construction, automobile industry, electricity equipment, etc. Construction, real estate and transportation are the main areas of aluminium consumption.
Real estate construction, transport, 26/24 per cent respectively, totaling about 50 per cent; electricity, consumer goods, machinery, respectively, in other areas of consumption
1. National green aluminum taps, operating in constant good condition, Chinese aluminum resources are poor, electrolytic aluminium production close to the ceiling, and mineral resources offer a single ton profit advantage
3.1 Mineral resources: The company ' s bauxite resource endowment has an excellent 2.64 million tons/year of bauxite ore energy. The company ' s bauxite ore resources are concentrated mainly in south-east of Fi, Yunnan Province (Wonsan State), a subsidiary of which has 1.4 million tons/year of aluminium oxide production.
The cumulative exploration of bauxite resources across the state amounts to 13.32 million tons, with an average aluminium oxide grade of 49.91 per cent and an average aluminium silicon ratio of 5.77 per cent; 58.3 million tons of bauxite have been evaluated, 75.2 million tons of bauxite have not been evaluated, and the company ' s bauxite mineral can reach 2.64 million tons/year; the bauxite ore self-sufficiency rate is about 25 per cent and the aluminium oxide self-sufficiency rate is about 30 per cent. According to industry practice, 1.93 tons of aluminium oxide are required to produce 1 ton of electrolytic aluminium.
The production of 1 ton of aluminium oxide requires 2.3 tons of bauxite ore, the production of 2.4 million tons of electrolytic aluminium in 2023, the self-sufficiency rate of the measured bauxite ore, which is about 25 per cent, and the self-sufficiency rate of aluminium oxide, which is about 30 per cent.
3.2 Electrolytic aluminium production capacity: about 7 per cent of the country's total capacity was built - at the end of 2023, the company produced 3.05 million tons of electrolytic aluminium. In 2018, the company produced 1.58 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, followed by rapid expansion of electrolytic aluminium production through the crane-supplied alumina industry, the alumina industry (formerly the Azumatama) and the investment in the green hydropower aluminium integration project in Mansan aluminum.
By December 2023, the company had a capacity of 3.05 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium, with an equity capacity of almost 2.52 million tonnes/year. By the end of 2023, the company had a capacity of approximately 7% of the country’s total capacity.
Chart: company electrolytic aluminium output statistics at the end of 2023 Chart: Major Enterprise Statistics 2023 3.3 Electrolytic aluminium cost, profit measurement: total outsourcing of raw materials
The cost and profit of electrolytic aluminium is calculated in the case of all imported raw materials. According to smm, for example, 1 ton of electrolytic aluminium, 1.93 tons of aluminium oxide, 0.45 tons of precalculation anode, 1.35 million degrees of electricity and $0.04 million of aluminium oxide are required for production. For all raw materials taken out, for example, the average of September 2024, the total cost of producing 1 ton of electrolytic aluminium is 17.5 million yuan, of which the total cost of aluminium oxide, precalculation anode and electricity is respectively.
The profit is approximately 0.22 million yuan after deducting labour, depreciation and the like. Chart: cost and profit measurement of production of 1 ton electrolytic aluminium (total outsourcing of raw materials) 3.4 aluminium oxide cost, Māori estimate
The cash cost of producing 1 ton of electrolytic aluminium is 0.24 million yuan for tons of falcon, 0.3-0.5 tons of coal and 0.2-0.9 tons of lime, for example, using the average price in September 2024, of which 0.10.04/0.05 million yuan is for bauxite, falcon and electricity, respectively, totalling about 79 per cent of the total cost, and about 0.160,000 yuan is added to the cost of lime etc.
Chart: Production costs of 1 ton of aluminium oxide and Māori measurements of 3.5 precalculations of anodes, Māori measurements, Māori measurements of precalculations of anodes, etc. 1.13 tons of oil coke and 0.15 tons of rehydrated leaching are required to produce 1 ton of precalculations, according to smm, etc.
Green and 50 cubic metres of natural gas, for example, at the September average price of 2024, the cash cost of producing 1 ton of precipitous apogee is 0.37 million yuan, of which 0.23/0.007/0.02 million are oil coke, asphalt and natural gas, respectively, representing about 74 per cent of the total cost, and after deducting labour and other costs, Māori is estimated to be approximately: 1 ton of precalcitral production costs and Māori measurements
3.6 Proficient advantage: raw materials are self-supplied with a single ton increase in profits from the company Aluminium Oxide, pre-basing with an extreme self-sufficiency rate of about 30-74%, and raw materials are self-supplied with a single ton increase in profits from the company. Based on data smm, for example, the production of 1 ton of electrolytic aluminium is measured as an average price in September 2024, and in the case of all excavated mining, the company is responsible for about 0.22 million yuan.
The company has a clear advantage in the profits of a single ton of electrolytic aluminium, which should be about $M0.31 million.1 The country ' s green aluminum taps continue to be in good business, China ' s aluminium resources are relatively poor, and the electrolytic aluminium production is close to the ceiling.
The key assumptions are: (1) company electrolytic aluminium production is used as Yunnan's power generation increases and companies add green energy packages such as photovoltaics.
The rate is expected to increase gradually, with the company's electrolytic aluminium production projected at 270/28.9 million tons in 2024-2026, respectively, and aluminium-processing product production Chart: Profit Forecasts and Financial Indicators Chart: Comparable companype valuation (based on consistent forecast for ifind, collected on 18 October 2024)
1. National green aluminum taps, operating in constant good condition, Chinese aluminum resources are poor, electrolytic aluminium production close to the ceiling, and mineral resources offer a single ton profit advantage
▪ The risk of price fluctuations in products;
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
In Shenzhen City, Fuda Business reported 1904, 19th Floor, 19th Floor, New World Wenbo Center, and 988 St. Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for securities investment advisory business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is:
The views expressed by either the 9153,000,0007,57165982do or the securities reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report do not constitute bids or inquiries on the sale of the said securities for information purposes only.
My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.