(a) SWIFT (300124.sz) Industry-controlled poles are growing resiliently, benefiting from the promising development of intelligent manufacturing The first 20 years of domestic-industrial-controlled poles are rapidly developing, and the control/drive/implementation/sensor layer layout is comprehensive.
Mechanical equipment/automated equipment Hitchuan technology is a national industrial control leader with a team of self-employed members of the Emerald Department, with an international view, local experience in the field and industry, based on low-level electrical power, power-driven and controlled, industrial control and communication.
Core technologies, such as letters, are based on the power-driven transformer and the server for two main advantages, extending down to the s0980519120001 enforcement level of industrial robotics, electric machines, aerodynamic components, up to the control layer of plc, hmi, cnc,
A lateral expansion of product categories and downstream applications, building multidisciplinary automated solutions, 15 years of high-level control, internationalization on a step-by-step basis, and more room for general automation. General automation is the company’s first major business, the company’s low-pressure transformer/general server system/small-scale plc domestic municipality in 2022.
At the beginning of the year, companies set up a step-by-step internationalization strategy, with overseas revenues accounting for only 3.85% in 2022, dominated by elevator products. Companies internationalize all aspects of sales, R & D, supply chains, etc., based on local teams.
With the expansion of product categories and the expansion of overseas markets, there is still much room for general automation. The extension of the industrial chain, the deployment of industrial robots and new energy vehicles.
Industrial robotics are in the early stages of growth, with the advantages of home-made core components, downstream applications, and industrial controls, leading the way in the field of scara robots, developing a six-column robot with a layout that rolls a string of beads and a straight line.
HSIT (300124.sz) - The projected net return profit in 2023 is a promising development. The new energy vehicle operation has been laid out for six years and is fast-tracked into the harvest period. HST (300124.sz) - 31% increase in revenue in the third quarter of the same year, with large shareholders.
Rapid growth, with clients covering new forces and front-line cars, leading the share of power control, and broad future growth space. 2024 management year, deepening management change and digital empowerment. Corporate change projects such as governance, strategy, marketing, research and development, supply chain, 2024 management year, in quality.
Segawa Technologies (300124.sz) - Equalized income in the quarter, looking forward to further changes in the industry, management, technology and product design management, building agile and efficient flow-type organization
The company undertook a digital transformation by launching a model-driven nocube digital development and data governance platform to provide industrial software services and create ecological empowerment of the industrial chain. Investment advice: the company is the leader of the domestic industry, the new energy truck business is in the harvest period, the layout industry is in the pipeline.
The core view is that it is a domestic industrial leadership, and that it is a start-up team from the home department of Emerald, with an internationalization perspective and industry-based local experience, and that the business extension is based on bottom-level electrical power, power-driven and
Core technologies such as control, industrial control and communications, based on two main niche products, namely, the power-driven transformer and the server, the industrial robot, the electric machine, the aerodynamic component, which goes down to the enforcement level, the plc, Hmi, cnc, which goes up to the control layer, and the horizontal extension of product categories and downstream industry applications, the layout of industrial Internet platforms, and the construction of a multiplicity of them.
Company profile: The adaptor started and the in-house growth grew rapidly into a domestic industrial mastery year, when the founding team came from the Emmerson Department of Water, where the early commercialization of vector-to-frequency technology led the country in the area of low-voltage transformers, and launched a two-in-one elevator for the elevator industry.
Integration machines, based on product innovation, customization, and value-for-money advantages, significantly increase market share. Firms are well ahead of low-voltage transformers, building on the bottom core technologies of electrical power, power drive and control, industrial control and communications, to expand the business landscape across the board:
1. Vertical extension: The generic automated product system is divided into five levels, including the information layer, the control layer, the driving layer, the enforcement layer, and the sensor layer. From the driving layer, the company starts with a low-voltage transformer, extending to the server, forming two pillars of operations. In 2007, it expanded up to the control layer, using nc as a strategic business, and developed hmi, cnc.
In 2012, it was extended down to the executive level, with mechanical and electrical integration, the development of industrial robotics, new energy vehicles, power-driven systems, and the external extension and acquisition of such executive layers as air-gas components, industrial vision, precision machinery, etc.
Technologies such as computing, industrial ai, positioning digitalization and energy management as the current strategic sector in 2020 2) horizontal expansion: Deep-farming is one of the core competitive advantages of the Hong Kong Sink. In the area of general automation, companies have deep-farming industries, insight into customer needs, development of customized products and customized solutions, compared to foreign capital.
The giants have developed a differentiated competitive advantage in such industries as elevators, air conditioners, air-conditioners, new energy vehicles, 30 manufacturing, lithium power, silicon crystals, semiconductors, lifting weights, decorators, textiles, metal products, printed packaging, etc., and have developed excellent system solutions and consolidated leadership.
Figure 1: Strategic corporate development path Figure 2: The layout of corporate generic automated business products
In the context of increased automation, the golden period of rapid growth in the industrial and regulatory sectors, taking advantage of the elevators accompanying the construction of the real estate infrastructure, the opportunities for rapid industrial and regulatory development, and the forward-looking deployment of new energy vehicles, have been able to take the lead for many years in the era of the new energy vehicle outbreak by rejecting external questions and increasing investment.
Twenty years back, the company took the right strategic direction, pursued market opportunities, and committed itself to expanding its product lines and downstream applications through a combination of endogenous growth and extended M & As. The course of corporate development was divided into three (1) 2003-2011: Industrial Automation + Elevator Integration. The company ' s predecessor, Shenzhen City Sinkuan Technology Ltd.
Founded in 2003, with a low-pressure transformer, with a rapid increase in market share based on vector-to-frequency control techniques. The company took advantage of the opportunities of the times when property infrastructure erupted and developed an integrated jet for the elevator industry, combining transformers and controllers, significantly reducing costs and reducing the time of installation debugging, fast-tracking large elevator operations, and
In 2008, the company’s founder, Chu Heming, proposed that “saveing is the core product of future automation, and only integrated automated products can develop in the long run in the Chinese market”, and the company began to expand its services and plc and expand its drivers.
From 2003 to 2011, the size of the company’s revenue grew from $10 million to $1,054 million, and the executive layer developed the integration of electromechanics, new energy motor powered systems and industrial robots. New energy vehicles: the company first set up the Automobile Electronics Department in 2008 to provide electric power control for the Gilly Panda.
In 2012, the company and Woo-tung agreed on a strategy to set up a new energy commercial motor power control operation. In 2016, the Hong Kong Union was established to independently operate a new power source car spare parts operation and, in cooperation with the Swiss brusa strategy, a new energy utility area was set up in 2018.
Industrial robots: the company deployed industrial robots in 2016, the three core components “controllers, server systems, slowers” accounted for 70 per cent of robotic costs, and the company based on the extension of electrical power power and power-driven control technology.
Controls and servers are home-made, only decelerations, and in 2016 the acquisition of roller stagger technology from Shanghai Lane, the completion of precision machinery, the rapid increase of market share in scara robotics, and the significant development of six-band robots. In 2012-2019, the company ' s revenue ranged from 11.93 to 11.93.
3) 2020-to date: Digitalization + energy management + internationalization. Digitalization: by 2020 companies put digitalization into strategic business, based on technology such as industrial Internet technology, artificial intelligence, big data analysis, margin computing, upgrading industrial Internet platforms, building model-driven nocube digital platforms, focusing on industrial leaders.
Digital plants in the field, equipment intelligence, digital energy and production management, etc., have upgraded energy management to strategic business in textiles, cable, and year-on-year companies, focusing on energy storage areas such as pcs storage transformers, boosters, special power sources, etc.
Internationalization: At the beginning of 2022, companies proposed an internationalization strategy to speed up the deployment of overseas operations and to frame the internationalization framework based on the principle of full localization of R & D, manufacturing, and service platforms.
Domestic and foreign industry lines are integrated, pushing domestic mature industry solutions abroad in a dozen industries such as air-pressure, air-conditioning and refrigeration, plastics, carpentry, etc. Currently, corporate overseas revenues are based on elevator products, low-pressure transformers and fast-growing servers, and better sales are made in India, Europe, South-East Asia, etc.
Revenue, space for future development. Figure 3: Corporate development history.
In 2022, the company was divided into five major sections, general automation/smart elevators/new energy vehicles/industrial robotics/orbit traffic receipts. Specifically, the industry was the lead in the country, maintaining a steady and fast growth rate, with a larger share still rising.
Intelligent elevators are mature operations that remain robust and contribute to good cash flows; new energy vehicle operations are fast-growing, with incomes rising rapidly; industrial robotics and orbital transport operations are relatively low.
Textiles, cable, air pressurers, elevators, piece-of-work solutions Strategic input type
Reversers, industrial power sources, sensors, high-performance power generators, high-precision wires, industrial Internet, etc., and IED programs.
Status. According to Wise Industry Statistics, the share of the company ' s low-pressure transformers (including elevator-specific transformers) in the domestic market in 2022 was about 14.9 per cent and ranked third, after abb (16.1 per cent) and Siemens (15.5 per cent); the share of the universal server system in the domestic market was about 21.5 per cent and ranked first; and the share of the small plc in the domestic market was about 11.9 per cent.
Second in place, after Siemens (41%). Companies set higher city-level targets in the field of industrial control, more new products and downstream industries, and there is still much room for future upscaling, which is still a growth-oriented business. 22% of products include elevator control systems (integrated controllers/converters), human interfaces, door systems, controls.
For reasons such as cost and quality control, downstream elevator manufacturers tend to expand the procurement model, companies have a multi-product solution, which highlights the fact that the city is in the lead in the industry. The demand for the elevator sector is strongly influenced by the real estate market.
The rapid development phase has passed and will remain robust in the future, providing a good cash flow and a mature business. Figure 7: Corporate smart elevator business product layout, 22% of revenue. Products include power-driven systems (electric, power-controlled, power-driven) and power supply systems
(dc/dc, obc, total power supply) to provide integrated product solutions for new energy vehicles, new energy commercial vehicles (including passenger and logistics vehicles). After six years of strategic input, companies have obtained multiple strategic customer targeting, entering the release phase, and products such as electrical controllers, power-drives, etc. have developed a large number of applications.
In the area of vehicles, according to Ne-era statistics, in 2022 the domestic market share of the company ' s electrical controllers was about 7%, ranked third after Biadi and Tesla; the total domestic market share of power-driven electricity was about 3%, ranked Top10; and the domestic market share of electric power was about 3%, ranked Top10. As the global penetration rate of new energy vehicles increased, companies increased.
The new power-driven and power-powered systems operations are expected to develop rapidly, and are growth-oriented. This compares to 2%. Products include scara robots, six joint robots, visual systems, high-precision threads, control systems, whole machines and spare parts solutions, and downstream industries include 30 manufacturing, lithium, silicon crystals, textiles, etc.
In 2016, industrial robots were deployed, the core components of which, with the exception of a deceleration device, include electrical controls, servers, threads, and the body are home-made, with better cost control and customization capabilities, with a rapid increase in the city ' s share, which was profitable in 2021. According to Wise Industry Statistics, the share of corporate industrial robots in the domestic market was 5.2% in 2022, ranked first.
VII; of these, the share of the domestic market for Scara robots is 17%, second in rank, and first in the domestic brand. In the context of the trend towards industrial automation and machine change, there is still much room for the development of corporate industrial robotics.
Robot systems, robotic control cabinets, close to the scene, deep knowledge of complex processes.
Efficient, small, easy to expand, high protection, simple interface, flexible programming, visualization 2%. Orbital traffic is a project-type engineering delivery operation, with products including towed transformers, auxiliary transformers, etc.
High voltage boxes, tractors, tcms, etc., provide towing systems and services mainly for subways, light tracks. Companies own the core technology of the towed and control system, have value-for-money and service-response advantages.
Figure 10: Digitalization and energy management: strategic input-type operations. Digitalization: 2020 companies digitized into strategic operations based on industrial Internet technology, artificial intelligence, big data analysis, margin computing, etc.
Development of an industrial Internet platform with model-driven nocube digitization platform, focusing on industrial domain digital factories, equipment intelligence, digital energy and production management, etc., upgrading energy management into strategic business in textiles, cable, year-long companies, focusing on energy storage areas, products including pcs storage transformers,
The company digs deep into the demand for power systems from the “breath, transport, distribution, use” scenario and provides customers with digital energy solutions. Financial analysis: performance growth is strong, new energy vehicle operations are on the harvest stage.
Customization strategies to expand downstream applications to successfully cross two rounds of generic automation cycles with a higher income growth rate of 30% a year on average. Companies look forward to the strategic direction of new energy vehicles, with six years of strategic investment.
In an environment of foreign capital shortages, guaranteed delivery has increased significantly, and the domestic market share of products such as frequency changers, server systems, and plc has increased significantly. Industrial robotic operations have grown rapidly, and Scara robots have the second largest share of the domestic market.
The power-drilling and power-generation systems, which have secured a number of first-class domestic and foreign full-scale plant lock-ups, have moved into the release phase, with revenues from new energy vehicles increasing from $1,102 million to $5,088 million in 2020-2022, at an average annual compound rate of growth, figure 14: Share of revenues from all operations in SWIS in 2022
The business structure has led to a downward shift in profitability and a sustained increase in R&D inputs. The company ' s Māori/net interest rate remained at a high level of 50% - 55%-25% - 35% in 2007-2012, the product structure rose in proportion to the new energy and orbital transport operations with lower interest rates for transformers and elevator integration, and the new energy vehicle business continued to invest strategically for six years.
Corporate cash flows are good. The ratio of net operating cash flows to net profits for the company in 2017-2022 is a good sales return and a roughly matching of revenues.
Figure 17: The ratio of net operating cash flows to net profits is maintained at around 0.5-0.7. Figure 18: Share structure: decentralized equity structure, implementation of normality, long-activating equity incentives
The equity structure is fragmented, with a high percentage of management holdings combined with an internationalized vision and industry-based experience. The company’s shares are decentralized, with actual control being held by the chairman and president, Mr. Chu Heingmin, with direct shares of 2.09%, and with her daughter, Ms. Zhu Yu, by investing 43.41% of the shares in Sinkuan, thereby indirectly holding 7.58% of the company’s shares, and thus holding the total.
The company was founded by 19 co-founders, 13 of whom came from an electrical or Emersonian background and local experience in internationalization. After two decades of development, there are still eight people in management positions covering key sectors such as major product industries, R & D, marketing, supply chains, investment, finance, etc.
A high shareholding is a company that adheres to the core values of “achieving clients first, contributing, maintaining open collaboration, continuing excellence”, management cohesion and strong executive performance, and good managerial competencies are important factors in the firm's distance.
Equity Incentives and the implementation in 2021 of the Long-End Incentives Scheme, which regularizes, perpetuates, covers a wide range of incentives and provides sufficient incentives.
The target was not met in 2019, mainly due to the decline in the general automation industry and delays in the operation of the new energy vehicle. 2nd of the latest issue) Long-Efficient Incentives Holding Scheme: the company issued a Long-End Incentives Holding Scheme in 2021, in medium- and long-term dimensions, not exceeding 10% of the net profit of the previous year) as a performance incentive fund for senior management and core operators
Total amortization costs (millions of yuan) Net return to the mother, regardless of the impact of the cost amortization costs of equity incentives.
Table 7: Summary of net profit target values of the company ' s long-acting incentive holding scheme, extraction of incentive funds = (net profit actually completed in the year - net profit target * 30 per cent. 2 10 per cent of net profit attributable to the stockholders of the listed company prior to the previous year ' s incentive fund was audited. 2 The net profit indicator is the net profit value of the audited shareholder of the listed company.
Stock price doubles: multiple captures of industry opportunities, crosses the generic automation cycle. Wide demand fluctuates with the generic equipment cycle, adding up industry upgrades and automation spreads, resulting in new structural demands. Full generic equipment inventory cycles are usually 3-4 years, with the upper cycle Sichuan being the leader of the industry much faster.
With rising market shares, down-cycle swaths take advantage of structural opportunities, with delivery capacity and solutions, and solid markets, industry data, such as forklifts/plastic machines/beds, have shown a steady and weak recovery, and we believe that even though demand is weak, we have taken advantage of industry opportunities many times to move through the cycle to achieve rapid development.
On several occasions, the company took the right strategic direction, seized market opportunities, expanded product lines and downstream applications through endogenous growth and extended M & As. The company’s development process is divided into four phases:
The pressure transformer began and seized the opportunity of the four trillion-dollar economic stimulus plan 2008-2010 to launch a new generation of real estate infrastructure, with the development of an integrated engine for the elevator industry and rapid growth in elevator operations, with the company ' s net return to the home growing at an average annual compound rate of 98.99%. In September 2010, the company was listed on the start-up board.
At the end of the billion-dollar stimulus package, capital investment in real estate fell, stock cycles went down, demand in the industrial sector as a whole fell, corporate profits slowed down significantly, pe (ttm) came closer from the highest point, capital warmed back, demand rebounded in the industrial-controlled sector, and companies actively expanded and developed products such as adaptors, servers, plcs, etc.
Weavers, air pressurers, cranes, metallurgicals, printing packagings, etc., with a recovery in revenue performance, driving stock prices to supplement the up-scaling cycle of inventories, demand is significantly better, companies seize the opportunity to further increase market share with the advantage product adaptor and the server, raising the annual compound rate of income to around 30%, and general automation operations
In the period 2018-2019, the downwards of the stock cycle, trade frictions affected confidence in manufacturing investment, demand in the industrial-controlled sector slipped, and profits on corporate income slowed down. In addition, the company’s strategic deployment of new energy vehicles, with new businesses in the future.
Looking to open up much of the room for company growth, but with high short-term pre-investments, profits are growing less rapidly than revenues, and structured market opportunities. Moreover, the absence of foreign brands gives the country an opportunity to replace itself, and companies, through their front-to-back division of labour, collaborate and respond quickly to clients, complete guaranteed delivery, actively capture the global deficit of industry chains under the core.
Market opportunities, rapid growth in revenue performance, and shrinking losses in the new energy vehicle business are expected to lead to a positive increase in net profit returns from sinks between 2010 and 2022 Business outlook: digitalization and energy management in the future, with a projected reversal of the industrial control cycle
Broadly, demand fluctuates with the generic equipment cycle, adding up industry upgrades and automation, resulting in additional structural demands. The full generic equipment inventory cycle is generally 3-4 years, and is now down for almost two and a half years since the second half of 2021, with industrial data such as forklifts/plastics/beds showing a steady and weak recovery since 20203, even though we believe that
In the context of weak demand, the current overall inventory is in a low-level business stabilization phase, with limited space down, management of change and digital empowerment, building agile and efficient platforming enterprise. 1) 2019 was the year of management change, with companies introducing external consultants, implementing management change, and building agile and efficient process organization and industry lead.
Management systems. Corporate governance, strategic management, ltc processes (a marketing system from clues to refunds) three change projects were launched in 2019 and corporate change projects such as ird (an integrated product development process), ihr (an integrated human resources management process), and isc (an integrated supply chain process) were launched in 2020 to manage change.
Dynamic, efficiency-enhancing companies grow over the long term. 2) Digital transformation is the current development focus, with companies moving from business thinking to data thinking, completing business master data collating based on 4a architecture models (ba business architecture, ia information architecture, aa application architecture, ta technology architecture) and introducing model-driven Nocube digitization
Development of a platform for data governance, enabling a digital transformation of the sinks themselves, and a digital transformation of the sinks’ clients, to lay the foundation for a corporate transformation into an industrial software service provider. The extension of the industry chain seeks growth points, and strategic inputs into new energy vehicles, industrial robots, and industrial software.
Based on core technologies such as electrical power electronics, electrical power drive and control, industrial control and communications, within the industrial control system, four layers are completed, based on the driving layer, moving down to the executive layer to develop electromechanical integration, the layout sensor layer, and moving up to the control layer of plc, cnc, and the top industrial chain ecological and industrial software.
In addition, the extension of the value chain, based on technological co-generation to industrial robots and new energy vehicles, has been further extended. On a number of occasions, the foundations of the right strategic direction have been captured, companies have taken on the pressure of performance and have continuously increased their strategic investment in new energy vehicles.
Industrial software and the ecological aspects of the industrial chain maintain strong input, laying the foundation for future sustainable development. The internationalization strategy is advancing steadily, and energy management is promising. 1) Internationalization: At the beginning of 2022, companies launched a “internationalization” strategy to speed up the deployment of overseas operations, with a comprehensive platform for research and development, manufacturing, and services.
The company has set up a European research and development centre, the Hungarian factory is operational, the “industry line is out of the sea”, the domestic and foreign industry lines are integrated, and domestic mature industrial solutions are being pushed abroad in dozens of industries, such as air-pressors, air-conditioning and refrigeration, plastics, carpentry, etc.
Business income is dominated by elevator products, low-pressure transformers and fast-growing servers, with better sales revenue in India, Europe, South-East Asia, etc., and wide scope for future development.) Energy management: In 2021, companies upgraded energy management to strategic operations, focusing on storage areas, including pcs storage transformers, lift-up one.
The company digs deep into the demand for power systems from the "breathing, losing, approximating, using" scenes, provides its customers with digital energy solutions, and the future is based on an integrated solution based on "Automated + Digital + Energy Management" is expected to open up more room for growth.
Competition advantages: R & D + Marketing + Solutions based on an efficient platform, three-wheel drive Core view: The core competitive advantage of S&T can be summarized as building agility based on multiple regulatory changes
Efficient organizational platforms, building on them the capacity for efficient R & D, low cost, strong marketing, and integrated solutions, have a strong combined competitive advantage. The advantage of the Hong Kong SAR is that the value of the product is higher than the foreign brand, the service is faster, the solution is more responsive, and the ability to customize.
Strong, well-connected product lines, high resolution capacity. R & D: Technology-defined products, high R & D inputs and high transformation efficiency for 10 years, and high R & D inputs for nearly 10 years.
Research and development (R & D) is around 24%, 10 times higher. There are many types of industrially controlled products, scattered downstream, and the ability to use technology-defined products is the core competitiveness of industrially controlled enterprises.
Figure 25: Number of R & D personnel in SIT 2011 - 2022 Large R & D inputs, high remuneration of R & D staff, and efficient R & D conversion. Horizontal contrasts, scale of S & D input, per capita remuneration of R & D staff, R & D conversion efficiency are all in the forefront of the industry.
1) In terms of the scale of R & D investment, the R & D costs of mainstream industrial enterprises ranged from 10 to 12 per cent in 2022, Sinkkawa, R & D costs up to $2,229 million in 2022, far higher than those of other industrial and regulatory companies, Magmitt and Inweten, R & D costs around $400 million, R & D costs of R & D of Raeze Smart, Tetsuche Electric, Sasakawa Science and Technology costs around $120 million
In 2022 there were 4793 R & D workers in Sinkuan, well over 450-1800 in other industrial and regulatory companies. 2) In 2022, R & D workers in Sinkuan received a per capita remuneration of 3503,000 yuan per person and increased continuously for nearly five years.
Tetsai and Lesai are in the range of US$ 29 to 32 million per person, IEC and Sasakawa are in the range of US$ 9 to 160,000 per person, which is lower than ever before. In recent years, Hong Kong has stepped up its efforts to bring in high-end, integrated technology talent, and research and development personnel are in the forefront of the industry’s pay per capita and marginal pay.
3) In terms of R & D conversion efficiency, in 2022 R & D workers in Hong Kong had a per capita output of R & D of R & D of R . 480.04 million yuan per person, In Wei Tung and Magmeet of R + 3-4 million yuan per person, Resai smart 2.8526 million yuan per person, IEC and Sasakawa, Magmet 3.62 million yuan per person, R & D intelligence, Sasakawa technology, and Shinje electric power of 50-1.5 million yuan per person
At the end of 2022, the company was working on 41 projects, including 15 new ones.
Energy vehicles have 37/10 ongoing projects, industrial robotics/orbital transport/digitalization/energy management 2/1/3/1 respectively, and industrial controls and new energy vehicle operations remain the focus of current R & D inputs. In addition, companies have strengthened the pre-existing areas of European multi-field, Indian R & D centres, hosting automation, digitization, intelligence
Based on the ipd integrated product development model, technology research, platform product development, and customized product development, and the company introduced external consultants in 2019 to implement management changes and build agile and efficient process-oriented organizations and industry leaders.
The first management system, the R&D ipid change project, was launched in 2021. The company’s integrated product development model, based on version ipd 2.0, divided the R&D process into demand management, market management, technology management, product start-up, following the principles of top customer value orientation, product platform orientation, and customization orientation based on platform products.
Modules, such as Development Management, have formed heavyweight teams, built product competitiveness management mechanisms, and enhanced R & D effectiveness. Corporate R & D includes technology research, platform product development and customization products, including: 1) Technology research: complete key technology shortboards, forward-looking research on key devices; 2) Platform product development: high performance,
High-reliability, low-cost, standardized platform products that provide integrated product solutions: 3) Customized product development: innovative customized solutions for clients are a core advantage of the foreign competitors leading the HSBC. Marketing: close to the needs of the scene, technology marketing is a core advantage
Industry and control operations are supported by direct distribution, technology marketing demand, and services are responsive. Corporate general automation operations are distribution-based, marketing through agents or systems integrators, making full use of channel resources, close to clients, responding quickly to market demand, and direct sales for some of the large strategic clients to meet their purchases.
In 2022, the company proposed an internationalization strategy to speed up the deployment of overseas operations. The company’s strategy of localizing its services in overseas markets, sending industry line teams abroad, insisting on technology marketing and industry line marketing, bringing home the country’s mature industry experience and applications abroad, close to the client’s field.
Quick response in terms of services, response to post-sale problems such as the unexpected shutdown of customers, initial submission of solutions within two hours, two working days of non-quality issues Reply final processing results, return quality issues to factory maintenance, safety and functionality testing, and submission of analytical reports
The company specified that after-sales services should be responded to within half an hour.
Figure 33: Per capita output of salespersons in SWIFT 2012-2022 Solutions: Platform-based enterprises, with significant advantages in multi-product solutions Full product layout, with multi-layered industry solutions.
Physical solution capability is the core competitive advantage of the industry. For 20 years, the deep-dry industry has a comprehensive product layout in the control/drivers/implementation/sensor layer, with a wide range of process experience and multi-productivity in the mainstream downstream industry around the differentiated needs for automation/self-motivation/workshop automation of equipment.
Options and core advantages for the product solution and customization industry. Typical options include: 1) industrial control areas: plc/hmi/cnc+server/transit system+robot+ bus multi-product package solution; and industrial control product+process customization solution. 2) new energy vehicles: power, power, power, power-driven total power-driven power-driven systems
; dc/dc, obc, power-generation power supply system scheme. 3) Elevators: large electrical solutions with control systems + human interfaces + door systems + cable beams. From downstream industry, companies now cover energy, precision manufacturing, robotics, cars, elevators, fluid equipment, materials processing, textiles, industrial vision, lifting, etc.
More than 50 industries, such as plastics and rubber, seawork equipment, orbital transport, have a wide range of industry coverage, promoting multi-product solutions, reducing the combined cost for customers, and obtaining a higher market share. Industry routes out, overseas markets promote mature solutions for niche industries.
A comprehensive localization model for marketing services, R & D, and supply chains. Companies have established local sales teams in mature markets like Korea, Europe, and emerging markets like India, South-East Asia, the Middle East.
A dozen industries have access to the sea, moving home-grown industrial solutions overseas, copying home-grown industries.
Core view: General automation is the company ' s first largest business, with a share of about 50% of income. From the drive floor, the company started with a low-voltage transformer, expanded to the server system, went down to the executive layout machine integration, went up to the control layer layout plc, hmi, and so on. The company ' s low-pressure transformer/general server system/small in 2022.
The domestic market share of type plc is 14.90%/21.50%/11.90%, the top three and the first in the national product plate. There is still much room for growth in industrial and regulatory operations in the future through the use of powerful controllers and the expansion of the executive layer of product categories.
Industrial automated control systems are devices that automate equipment production and process control. The industrial control systems are parts of automated equipment, divided into four levels: 1) control layers: plc, hmi, cnc, etc., which control the temperature, pressure, flow, location of the location of the object, tilt, rotation, etc. in the manufacturing process.
(b) Drivers: including transformers, server drives, etc., identifying and transmitting telecommunications numbers, driving other devices; (c) Executing layers: including various types of electrical power, valves, aerodynamics, hydraulic components, etc., performing related action instructions: 4) Sensor layers: including sensors, coders, industrial visuals, etc., responsible for sensors,
Measuring, feedbacking internal and external information and transmitting related signals, the four tiers of products are integrated into system-type products, and the industrial control systems are widely applied downstream, including lithium, silicone crystals, 3c manufacturing, cranes, air pressure machines, machines, textiles, fibre optics, printed packagings, plastics, metallurgicals, petroleum, chemical, metal products, electrical cables, construction materials, coal mines, coal mines, etc.
In China, industrial automation markets grew by 29.6 billion yuan a year, an annual increase of 137%, and an annual average of 2 billion yuan in 2017-2022, a decline of about 2.5%, mainly due to the macroeconomic situation, and the overall weakness of demand in the manufacturing sector.
From a product perspective, the low-pressure transformer/general server/plc is the three core industrial control products, with a market model of $310,233.17 billion in 2022, representing 10 per cent/8 per cent of the size of the industrial control market and a total of 24 per cent.
People, textile fibres, printed packaging, logistics equipment, etc., 2021/2022.23h1 market sizes equal to growth, Euro-American and Japanese brands occupy high-end industrial and industrial markets, and the share of national product plates continues to rise.
The industry is dominated by large foreign investors, with Euro-American brands such as Siemens, abb, Schneider, and Japanese brands such as Mitsubishi, Ancheon, Fuji, among others, good at small automated systems. Foreign brands occupy high-end markets, dominated by medium-sized and large customers, based on technological excellence, functionality, and wide brand visibility.
The industrial sector started late, and in recent years the technological gap in national product brands has narrowed in the process of manufacturing transformation, rapidly increasing market shares, taking advantage of localization, value for money, service response, etc., and occupying medium- and low-end markets, expanding to high-end markets, and a clear trend towards national substitution.
The main products of the system are the general frequency transformers, and the main products of the system are the general frequency transformers, and the main products of the system are the general frequency transformers.
Communication automation products such as special frequency transformers, integration machines, server systems, elevator-drive controllers, specialized power sources, etc. Weijio Electric Technology Inc., Suzhou, was established in 2013 as a high-tech company focused on electrical transmission and industrial control, which operates primarily in the development, production and marketing of products such as transformers, server systems and sports controllers.
Variables: A fast-paced energy-saving device with a wide range of applications and a large market space transformer for the process-modification and energy-saving operation of an industrial control system is a widely applied drive-level product. The transformer is a drive-level product, a change-of-frequency velocity device, which transforms the power from a fixed exchange flow to a fixed frequency.
The voltage and variable frequency exchange power is used to control the speed and flow of the condenser so that the engine works at the speed it actually requires, thereby achieving process speed and energy efficiency in the industrial automation system, increasing production efficiency and reducing energy consumption. The transformer is divided into: 1) low-voltage transformer: input voltage not more than 690v
(ii) Medium-voltage transformers: transformers for motors operating in high voltage environments such as 3kv-10kv, mainly in the process industries.
Figure 38: General-purpose high-voltage transformers for SWIFT Technologies 37.5 billion yuan in 2022 and 31.659 billion yuan yuan in low-pressure/medium-high-pressure transformers in China. Root, according to wise industry statistics, 37.519 billion yuan in 2022 of which low-pressure transformers/medium-high-high-rises are the market sizes for our SWFs.
The size of the market for voltage transformers increased from RMB 21,274 million in 2017 to RMB 31,618 million in 2022, with a combined annual growth rate of 8.25%.
The share of downstream industries, according to a statement from the Ortho Electric Unit, 2018 Chinese market for low-voltage transformers: 1) ratio: elevators/winds/heavy machines/textile machines/chemists/municipal/packaging machines/bed tools: Figure 42: Downstream industry growth in China ' s market for low-voltage transformers, 2018
China’s low-pressure transformer market is dominated by Euro-American brands like abb, Siemens, which dominates most of the high-end markets, leading both the solar system and the country’s product brands in terms of technology and brand visibility. According to data from the industrial control network, the country was under-pressured in 2022.
The market for transformers, with the Euro-American brand share of 51%/day brand share of 10%/country brands of 38.4%/low-pressure transformers, is becoming more competitive, and the country’s production is moving rapidly as the country’s brands narrow the technological gap with foreign capital, enrich the product lines, offer higher-value products and provide better-quality services.
The share of China ' s national product market in the frequency changer industry has continued to rise from 24.8 per cent in 2009 to 35.7 per cent in 2018, and the technology is the first brand of the low-pressure transformer in China, with a market share of 13.95 per cent/12.1 per cent/12.9 per cent/14.9 per cent in 2019-2022, third in the domestic market (after abb and Siemens) and national production.
Server systems: Accurate positioning and real-time response control devices, drive-level core products Server systems are high-precision, real-time dynamic response control devices and are at the core of drive-level products. Automation can be divided into electrical, hydraulic and aerodynamic categories by control and execution.
The server system is the main control and executing agency for electrical drivers. The server system tracks the target changes with location, speed, rotation and dynamic tracking, thereby achieving automated control, and is a high-end engineering control device. Structured, the server system consists of a server drive, a server powerer and a encoder (set in the server) and the drive is sent.
A signal, which drives the server to turn, while the encoder feeds the engine's motion parameters back to the drive, the drive aggregates, analyzes, fixes the signal, forms a closed loop throughout the work process, and controls precisely the location, speed, rotation, etc. output variables. The core features of the server are high-precision positioning and real-time dynamics.
It is often used in industries with high location accuracy, including machine tools, 30 electronic manufacturing equipment, printing, brush packaging, textile machinery, medical equipment, food machinery, rubber machinery, etc.
In 2022, 22.2 billion yuan dollars were used in the exchange market, mainly for the general service, and less for the exclusive service, and in 2022, according to wise industry statistics, 22,261 million yuan was spent in the exchange service market, a decline of 457 per cent.
The server system can be divided into universal servers and specialized servers, with a market size of about 82.18% of the total, depending on the size of the service. Universal servers are widely used and cover packaging, logistics, 3c electrons, lithium batteries, robots, carpentry, lasers, etc.
For different industries, custom-made products are available for use in wind power, mine machinery, cable circuits, elevators, etc.
In total, 50% of the manufacturing of bed tools and electronic equipment. 2) The downstream industry is growing, with the textile/food/plastic machinery/medical equipment/printing/packaging machine/bed tools industry performing the services increasing at a rate of improvement in manufacturing accuracy in the context of industrial upgrading trends, leading to a growing demand for the server system.
High-precision positioning and real-time dynamic response are better suited for industries with higher location accuracy requirements. In recent years, with the faster downstream growth of 30 electrons, photovoltaics, robots, textile machines, packaging machines, etc., production has increased precision and quality requirements in manufacturing, leading to a continuous increase in demand for server systems.
Figure 47: In 2017-2022, the market size of our exchange-serving systems and the same rate of increase in national production exceeded 30%, solar brands accounted for half of the share, and the largest share of our universal service was the share of foreign investment. In the market for our server systems, solar brands held a larger share of the market based on higher value for money and product reliability.
Mainly concentrated in the low- and middle-end markets, where Euro-American brands dominate. According to wise industry data, in 2018, the Japanese market was 47.2%, the Japanese brand was 34.5%, the Euro-American brand was 18.3%; in 2020, the Japanese-Korean market was 51%, the national brand was 30%, and the European-American market was 30%.
The solar brand is strong in the market for the server system and holds nearly half of the market share, it has a clear advantage in the lower-middle-end market and small-scale equipment, and the national brands, based on value for money and service advantages, have a clear advantage in the market and are gradually replaced by national production.
The competitive advantage in the field of servancy was evident, with the first time in 2021 that a share had been added to the generic servo market by the Hong Kong SAR, with a 16.3 per cent share achieved and a further 21.5 per cent share increased in 2022 to consolidate the industry ' s first position.
Figure 51: Share of major brands in China ' s server system market, 2020 Figure 52: Share of major brands in China ' s universal server system market, 2021 Figure 53: Share of major brands in China ' s universal server system market, 2021
plc: The brain of the industrial control system, where the control layer is the core control, and the brain of the industrial control system. plc (programmablelogiccontroller) is programmed logic controller, a computer dedicated to industrial control. plc uses programmable storage.
(i) From the position of the product, plc is the control layer, the core of the logical control of machine equipment and real-time data processing, and the brain of the engineering control system. (ii) from the internal structure.
It appears that plc consists of power sources, cpu, storage, input output modules (i/o), functional modules, communications modules, etc., with hardware structures similar to mini-computers, software aspects used in conjunction with computer pc end-of-end software packages. (3) From a technical point of view, plc uses modern large-scale integrated circuit technology with small size, low energy consumption, etc.)
The technical barriers to plc increase with the number of i/o points, the more complex the control relationship, the greater the capacity of the requested program memory, and the more the command and function of plc.
The greater the ability to adapt to large and complex control tasks. Technology barriers for large and medium-sized plc are significantly higher than small plc. Figure 54: Small plc: Medium plc
In 2022, the market size of our plc was approximately 17 billion yuan, and the market size of our small/medium plc was 84,86 billion yuan.In 2022, according to the statistics of the wise industry, the market size of our plc was 16,986 million yuan, an increase of 7.18 per cent, or 9.58 per cent, or 7.76 per cent, compared to the previous year.
Industries such as packaging; large and medium-sized plcs for project-oriented markets, including metallurgy, chemicals, petrochemicals, municipalities, etc. Plc applications are extensive downstream industries and the market is expected to remain stable as downstream industries develop and the automation rate increases. Figure 56: China ' s plc market size (billion yuan) and the same rate of growth
Figure 57: China’s small/medium large plc market size (million yuan) and the same rate of increase in the share of the small plc market countries’ products, with the large plc market dominated by foreign brands. The European and Japanese brands in the city of plc dominate, including the European brands of Siemens, Schneider, abb, etc.
American brands such as Quewer, General Electric, Emerson, and Japanese brands such as Mitsubishi, Omron, Fuji, etc. In 2020, the market share of Siemens/Simens/Simni/Omron/Rockwell/Dadar/Schneider/Son was 44.26%/12.92%/11.19%/5.44%/4.58%/0.63%, respectively.
83.73% of foreign brands account for the majority. The large-scale plc process is complex, the customer requirements for security and stability are stringent, foreign brands are dominated by leading technological advantages, and national production rates are low. Small plcs need to control relatively few variables, control requirements are relatively simple, and national product plates have been technology-based in recent years.
Progress, value-for-products and service advantages are rapidly replaced by national production in the segmented sector. In 2022, the country’s small plc market, with the top three producers in the market, Siemens/Segawa technology/Siury, each with a market share of 41.00%/11.90%/9.80%, the second-highest market for Sigawa technology, and the number one domestic brand as compared to 2021.
Large-scale plc markets still have a large national production replacement space. Corporate situation: first in line with the domestic share of a variable/server, a strong controller to consolidate the vanguard position. Low-pressure transformers and universal server systems account for 80 per cent of automated operations, general automation of income fast-growing companies.
Business income was about 50 per cent, with predominantly frequency changers and server systems, and plc and other products accounted for a relatively low share. In 2022, the company earned $11,465 million from general automation operations, of which the general frequency changer/general server earned more than the corporate start-up utility, accounting for the share of general automation operations from 2019.
With the rapid rise in the share of domestic municipalities, the universal servile system has become the largest share of the domestic market. According to Wise Industries, the share of low-voltage transformers in the company 2020-2023h1 is 12.10 per cent/12.90 per cent/14.90 per cent.17.5 per cent.
Upgrade, the share of the servo system has risen significantly, with foreign brands being the first to dominate the domestic market in 2021, low-pressure transformers and small plcs being the first in-house brands. In the top three of the market, future national production will continue to be replaced by large and large plcs, thereby consolidating the dominance of the industry.
In terms of maturity, in 2022, the country ranked second (11.9%), surpassing Japan’s third-ranked Mitsubishi (9.8%), but there is still a large gap with the first German Siemens (41%). The medium and large plc area, involving complex processes and technological experience, is demanding, foreign brands dominate the market, and domestic production is low.
The powerful controller, as a core strategy for the time being, has created a delivery team for user programming development to actively promote plc products through the `should be compiled' strategy, thus enhancing the advantages of multi-product solutions, and further breakthroughs in the plc area in the future will lead to a further layer of corporate general automation.
Figure 61: Income structure of SIT 2019-2022, Figure 62: SIT 2022, Figure 63: Share of SET 2020-2022 in the domestic market
Industrial robots: layout implementation layer, development of electromechanical and electromechanical integration Core view: HSBC extension to implementation layer, layout electromechanical integration, development of industrial robotics and precision mechanical operations in 2016, currently 2% of income, smaller volume. Industrial robots are mostly scara robots, domestic robots.
In the third place, the six-column robots are being expanded. Precision machines include rollers, straight-line guidance tracks, gas, industrial visuals, etc., and are promising. The advantages of company development of industrial robots are that bottom technology can be extended, controllers and servers are home-made, highly home-grown combinations bring cost advantages, and downstream.
There are synergies between applications and industrial and regulatory operations that allow for organizational and brand advantages to be realized. The executive level of the layout, which develops industrial robots and precision machines, is dominated by scara, which buys and supplements sophisticated machinery products.
People, with better cost control and customization, are in the lead in the field of scara robotics, the downstream industry covers 30 manufacturing, lithium electricity, silicon crystals, textiles, and a massive expansion of the six joint robots. In the area of precision machinery, in 2013, the company invested in Nanjing River in industrial visuals, and in 2016 acquired the Shanghai Lane.
I've got to roll through the thugs technology, acquire the field of precision gas and formal entry air force components in 2021, acquire the Korea sbclinear new line of precision line guidance products in 2023, and assist the company to become the leading sophisticated mechanical product and solve the problem, figure 66: Roboting operations in the Sinkuan technology industry
Robot software, robotic visual systems, robotic systems.
Robot control cabinets, close to the scene, deep into complex processes, simple interfaces, flexible programming, visual debugging.
In May 2023, the SWIFT technology formally completed its acquisition of Sbclinearco., Ltd., which was added to its acquisition.
An industrial robot is a growth-oriented business with a rapidly increasing market share.
The components are highly autonomous, the systems, the server systems, the threads, the body are self-made, they're taken out of the throes, they're based on the cost advantages of high self-regulation, they're rapidly increasing their market share in scara robotics, they're expanded to a six-band robot, they're profitable for the first time in 2021, and there's great prospects for future growth.
Figure 68: Revenue from and growth in industrial robotics for the years 2017-2022 in Sinkkawa technology, promising prospects for industrial robotics development, and a sustained increase in the share of the corporate market are expected in 2022, with $19.587 billion in space for global/Chinese industrial robotics markets and broad scope for development.
With an average annual compound growth rate of 3.65 per cent, it is projected to grow to $21 billion in 2023 (equivalent to approximately 14.7 billion yuan). The size of our industrial robot market has grown from $4.6 billion in 2017 to $8.7 billion in 2022, with an average compound growth rate of 13.59 per cent per year, and is projected to grow to $9.9 billion in 2023 (converted).
The second largest domestic share of Scara robots is a massive expansion of six joint robots. The company’s main competitors in the field of scara robots are epson, yamaha, etc., Japan, and the main competitors in the field of six joint robots.
The company combines industrial robotics operations with general automation operations, leading in mobile phone manufacturing, lithium electricity, silicon crystals, and so on. According to Wise Industries statistics, the company ' s share of the domestic market for industrial robots was 5.2% in 2022, ranked seventh in terms of its deep understanding of downstream industries, its cost advantages, and its ability to customize.
The share of the domestic market for scara robots is 17%, the second highest in the domestic brand. In the first half of 2023, the share of industrial robots in the domestic market was 7.02%, and sixth place. In recent years, companies have strengthened the six-band machines, built technology platforms, improved the quality and efficiency of their development, and introduced multiple heavy-loaded six-band robots.
In the context of the trend towards industrial automation and machine-changers, industrial robotics have grown rapidly in our country, and there is much room for growth in the long term. According to the National Statistical Office, industrial robotics grew from 3.3 million in 2015-2022 to 4,431,000 in 2015, with an average annual compound growth rate.
44.92 per cent, with rapid growth. According to wise industrial statistics, the rate of domestic production of industrial robots in our country was lower than in 2017 than in countries such as Korea, Japan and Germany, and the scale of the manufacturing industry, with the trend of machine-to-man exchange and the long-term trend towards good industrial robots, remained unchanged.
Figure 74: Production of our industrial robots (million units) in 2015-2022 and the same rate of growth in 2020
Core view: The new energy automobile business in Hitchuan has expanded from an early commercial to a vehicle-by-car business, and has developed rapidly in recent years, with 26% of revenue in the first three quarters of 2023, making it the second largest operation after general automation. The public sector products include power-driven and power-based systems, with customers covering new car-making forces, first-line domestic cars, and international vehicles.
Clients, leading the country in the area of electrical controls, with a relatively low share of other products, have long-term prospects for growth in the context of the trend towards motor motorization. Main power-driven and power-generating systems, extending from new commercial energy vehicles to new energy vehicles.
The company’s new energy vehicle business is a growing business, with products including power-driven systems (electrics, power controllers, power-driven totals) and power systems (dc/dc, obc, power aggregates).
The company’s new energy vehicle business started early with the creation of the Automobile Electronics Department in 2008 to provide electric controllers for the Gilly Panda and electrical controllers for Jianghuai, Haima, and Congtai in 2010. In 2012, the company worked with Woo-Tung to set up a new energy commercial motor power control business.
A coalition of forces has been set up to independently run the new energy car parts and components business and, in collaboration with the Swiss brausa strategy, to develop new energy vehicles. The company has seized the historic opportunity of auto electricization and is firmly committed to a six-year strategic investment that now captures a number of mainstream car companies and is in the lead in the domestic electricity and control market.
Moving from a new energy commercial vehicle to a vehicle vehicle, moving into the harvest period with a rapid increase in revenue. In 2022, the Department ' s new energy vehicle business generated $5,088 million, an increase of 70.02 per cent in the same year and 22.11 per cent in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of $5,268 million, or 61.33 per cent in the same year and 26.18 per cent in the same year.
Automating the second largest operating block. Recapitulation history, the company ' s new energy vehicle revenue was $294 million in 2014 and commercial motor power control. In 2016, the company established the Union of Hitchuans as an independent entity to expand the market for new energy sources and vehicles. In 2017-2019, the company ' s new energy vehicle revenue was $9.14/841/652 million, a year-on-year increase.
The fall-off in vehicle subsidies led to a slowdown in end sales, increased competition in the industry, and a sharp drop in corporate commercial vehicle revenues. Meanwhile, the new power-car business was hit by a mainstream car destination in 2018, with an increase in the number of fixed points over the years, with more targeted customers from the new forces, domestic front-line companies and international car companies, exceeding the target in 2022.
40, leading to a rapid increase in revenues from new energy vehicles as the project achieves bulk delivery.
In the area of new energy vehicles, the domestic market share of the company ' s electrical controllers was 6.89% in 2022, after Biadi (29.70%) and Tesla (8.77%); the domestic market share of the electric machines was about 2.93%, according to the New Age.
Number 9; the share of the domestic market in power-driven systems is about 3.14%, and is ranked eighth. In the new power-drive-drilled market, Biadi and Tesla are the top two, Hitchuan leads the power-controlled market, power machines and power-drive systems have a lower share, and there is still much room for development. The company's main competition in the area of new energy-drive-drived-drive systems is against each other.
The main competitor in the field of new energy-borne power supply systems is the national product plate. Companies, with the advantages of rapid response, technology overlap, and timely delivery, have increased the penetration rate of new energy-borne vehicles, and the development of power-driven and power-generating systems is promising.
In 2022, we sold 6.5485 million new vehicles, an increase of 96.41 per cent, and in 2020-2022, a combined increase of 129.22 per cent. In terms of penetration, our new energy sources increased at an accelerated rate from 2020 to 2022.
Increased penetration of new energy vehicles in the future is expected to increase further, power-driven and power-generating systems are expected to develop
Introduction of electrical components such as human interfaces, door systems, beam cables, etc., to become a supplier of large elevator electrical support programmes. The elevator industry’s demand is closely linked to the downstream real estate infrastructure industry.
The market is dominated by a decline in demand in the elevator sector affected by the real estate market, companies have achieved market share increases through a proactive market strategy and a well-developed large-scale package of elevator components, and in the future, as the internationalization strategy moves forward, elevator operations expand overseas markets and the old ladders of security are expected to grow robustly.
Grown-up business, acquisition of Bester as a major elevator appliance provider mature business, slower growth in real estate infrastructure demand and lower share of income. Corporate intelligence elevator business is a mature business, with revenue growing from $890 million in 2014 to $2.82 billion in 2019.
The escalators ' revenues rose to $4,344 million in 2020 (including Bethel ' s full-year contribution), reached $5,162 million in 2022, and slowed income growth in recent years as downstream property infrastructure needs weakened, with revenues declining from year to year.
Started with the elevator integration controller, Béster was acquired in 2019 and grew into a large electrical appliance provider for the elevators. The company’s original elevator operations consisted mainly of elevator integration controllers, transformers, control cabinets, and other products such as electricity produced in the country.
The company acquired 100% of Besty's shares in 2019, and Bester was established in 2003 as the main elevator electrical component, including the human interface, door systems, wire cable, wellway electrical and other components, which are industry leaders at the human interface.
In 2018, Bestte earned 2,402 million dollars, of which 48.19 per cent, 21.00 per cent, or 20.89 per cent, of the human interface/door system/wiring cable. Bethette accumulated a wealth of customer resources in the deep-deep elevator fittings industry, covering such globally recognized elevator manufacturers as Otis, Tungley, Tisengchamp, Zinda, and Conley, Jiangnam Kitje.
After the acquisition of Bethet, the company developed from a single elevator control system provider to provide integrated solutions for gas components, such as the “Step Control System + Human Interface + Air Cable” system, which is more in line with the trend towards centralization and approximation of elevator fittings by downstream customers and to enhance the market.
Figure 87: Tetra-Segawa Technical Elevator large-scale electrical appliance layout, elevator control cabinets, elevator integration controllers
Portal integration controller, elevator-specific frequency transformer, overall beauty, depth innovation, and flexibility in installation.
It's safe and secure, it's easy to use, it's comfortable, it's compact, it's specialized, it's safe, it's high-end, it's small.
Elevator integration controller, elevator slab attachment, elevator full attachment.
Professional quality, bypass frequency, solid durability, compact design, good performance, smart, efficient, easy to use, human design.
By expanding the overseas market and the old Trailguard market, elevator operations are expected to remain robust, actively expanding the overseas market through the overseas layout of Bestte. Bestte has accumulated high-quality offshore customer resources, forming long-term and stable partnerships with international branded elevator manufacturers such as Otis, Tung Li, Tisenkamp, and Yinda.
In recent years, the multinational and offshore sbu operations of the company’s elevator plates have become robust.
With the demand for old ladders and the potential for post-market services to develop. Global elevator upgrades and market rules are enormous, advanced elevator markets in Europe and the United States are mature, ladders are transformed, and the demand for them is strong.
Post-market security services for brand manufacturers contribute about half of the revenue, and domestic elevator brands still dominate the market for new ladders. The elevator industry in our country has been growing rapidly between 2005 and 2015, with a 15-year life-span of elevators growing demand in 2020 and beyond.
Orbital traffic: transfer of European technology, based on the engineering-controlled long-range platform, all-round development.
From Scorda, the Euro-trading core technology, which is one of the few suppliers of orbital traction system solutions in the country, currently accounts for 2.02% of the revenue, which is relatively small. Tradition operations are project-type engineering delivery operations, implementation progress is highly influenced by external environmental impacts, and corporate railing operations in general are in the middle of multiple projects across the country and are developing.
The company provides towed system solutions and services, including towed changes in products, mainly for urban subways, trams, motor vehicles, etc.
In 2015, the company acquired 50% of Jiangsu and acquired access qualifications and related technology in the orbital transport industry, becoming one of the few companies in the country to have access to the orbital system solutions, and then, through replenishments, equity transfers and the transfer of shares, in August 2022, to the Hong Kong River.
With 100% of Jiangsu's latitude, Jiangsu's latitude became its fully-owned subsidiary, gaining access to the core technology of Skota, and building on the Toto-Hong Kong platform for steady and rapid development. Jiangsu invested nearly $300 million in the core technology transfer of the orbital transport diversion system with Skota Electric around the 2014 latitude.
The company’s main competitor is the public department with limited electrical shares and some foreign brands, which, compared to foreign brands, have national production policy support, higher product prices, and higher prices.
The company’s orbital transport revenue increased from $229 million in 2016, and figure 88: the distribution of the orbital orbital orbital orbital transport operations in the Hong Kong SAR.
Tracked electric vehicles provide mature, stable and maintainable astromobiles and electromagnetic-drilled power-trading systems with abundant domestic performance. Products have high levels of integration, small size, light weight, easy maintenance, etc. Figure 89: Orbital traffic revenue and the same rate of increase in transfer technology, 2016-2022
Figure 90: Orbital transport revenue from the Sioux State to the whole country from 2016 to 2022, benefiting from better prospects for policy support for the development of the urban track industry from Sioux State to the whole country, with successive winnings for several urban transit projects across the country.
To be applied to the tram market in cities like Suzhou subway and Fuoshan in Qingdao. In 2017, the company won the Ningbo 2 line extension project, which won the Tinless Trail 1 line rack project, to achieve the goal of the “Get Out of Suzhou” strategy. In 2018, a multi-point breakthrough was achieved across the country, with an additional 1.08 billion orders, including the Suzhou subway 5 and the North.
In 2019, the number of new urban orbital transport projects was reduced, priority target projects were delayed, and the pace of company orthopaedic operations slowed down. In 2020, the company won the Tent Line 16 of the Shenzhen subway system, bringing about a first-line urban shock in the country.
Broken. In 2021, the company's orbital operations rose rapidly, and the city's orbital traction market was ranked second in the industry. In 2022, total procurement of the domestic orbital traction system fell year-on-year, some of the projects were delayed, and the company insisted on focusing on the city, with multiple projects, including the middle-marked Xu State subway line 6, Xi'an subway line 15, long.
Urban subway projects such as Yin and Qingdao have continued to be supported by tractor projects, as well as by the Guiyang Trailing System, which benefits from national policy support and offers good prospects for industrial development. According to rt orbital traffic statistics, in 2022, 18 cities each issued 39 orbital transport towed system projects.
In 2022, the Association recorded a total of 1085.17 km of additional urban orbital transport lines and 25 additional lines of operation. In January 2022, the Development Plan for a Modern Integrated Transport System was published, and the urban orbital transport orbital transport operations are expected to increase from 6,600 km in 2020 to 10,000 km in 2025.
Our profitability projections are based on the following assumptions:
14.90%/21.50%/11.90%, the top three of the country’s product plates. There is still much room for growth in general automation operations in the future, through strong control, expansion of the executive layers of products, and expansion of overseas markets.
Businesses, which are now growing rapidly, have matured and are expected to grow steadily in the future as companies expand the off-sea and old ladders to secure markets. It is expected that 2023-2025 will be the Smart Elevator Camp & New Energy Vehicle & Orbital Transport: 1) New Energy Vehicle Business: about 22% of revenue, a fast-growing growth.
Business, company power-driven and power-source system clients covering new car-making forces, domestic front-line companies and international vehicle customers, with a significant domestic share of motor controls and a high trend towards motor motorization, have a promising long-term development prospects. 2) Orbital transport: about 2 per cent of revenues, project-type engineering delivery operations, implementation progress is captured by the external environment.
Robots, dominated by scara robots, with their third share in the country, are making a major effort to expand the six-column robots, as well as sophisticated mechanical areas such as rollers, straight-line guidance, aerodynamic components, and industrial visuals, which are expected to develop rapidly. Cost rates for the period: companies focus on the overall regulation of costs, keeping cost increases in step with income growth.
In addition, the Department applies a number of tax incentives, such as software refunds, research and development fees plus deductions, which result in real income tax rates.
We have the following profit projections based on the three scenarios of optimism, neutrality, pessimism: 1) optimistic assumption of reasonable valuation space for corporate stock
Given the company's business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company's soundness.
Increasing the market share, the development of new energy vehicles, the prospects for industrial robotics, and future growth are wide-ranging. We expect companies to keep up some growth in their future earnings, with the following valuation assumptions: The absolute valuation is more sensitive than the wacc and perpetuity growth rates, and the following table provides a sensitivity analysis.
Segawa technology is at the forefront of the domestic industrial and regulatory industry, and includes general automation/smart elevators/new energy vehicles/industrial robotics/orbital transports, which account for about 50% of the total, and is the first largest. Company profits, so we chose overseas companies in the industrial and regulatory sector, abb, Schneider, Ancheon Electric, and
The country’s Magmitt, Sasakawa technology, and Raece’s intelligence are comparable companies. The average value of the company is 23.25 times that of the company in 2024, and given the strong growth resilience of the synchronous technology as a leader in the control of the country’s producers, it is hoped to benefit from a recovery in industry climate, a strong expansion of alternative national production space for product groups, and a significant expansion abroad.
The company is the leader of domestic industrial controls, including general automation/smart elevators/new energy vehicles/industrial robotics/orbital traffic, with general automation at the forefront of the country, strong operational resilience, continuous upgrading of the market share, rapid development of new energy vehicle operations, good prospects for industrial robot development and long-term benefits from smartness.
We expect the net profit from 2023-2025 to be a reasonable value range for the company, based on absolute valuation and relative valuation methods. But this valuation is the construction of the company's valuation and profit projections.
Based on more assumptions, the assumptions are somewhat subjective and therefore the valuation conclusions are based on assumptions that may be estimated for the relevant parameters
Subjectivity. If subsequent corporate development or some macro-factor changes in direction and magnitude do not match our expectations, it may be optimistic and lead to valuations that do not match the range of valuations and actual results.
High risk; and the risk of optimistic income growth expectations leading to high 10-year free cash flow calculations, leading to optimistic valuations;
The profit forecast is higher than the actual value, the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, and in calculating Wacc we assume that the risk-free rate is 2.70 per cent and the risk premium 7.16 per cent, and that estimates or values for these parameters may still exist.
(b) The subsequent significant adverse changes, with companies growing at a very low or negative real level, leading to company valuations,4 and relative valuations, where we have selected companies close to the company's business, taking into account company growth
Sex, amending the average dynamics of comparable companies to end up giving 30-33 times more to companies, may not take fully into account the risk of overvaluation of the market as a whole. Our performance projections for companies are based on business growth and profitability assumptions, which involve new business receipts.
Assumptions such as the rate of increase, the rate of Maori, and the rate of cost over time are somewhat subjective, with possible and actual deviations leading to higher-than-real projections of corporate profitability. Downstream demand is less than expected: downstream demand is closely associated with macroeconomics, fixed-asset investments, exports, etc.
Related. The macroeconomic downturn and increased market competition have all affected the market demand for company-related products and the expected expansion of new business, and increased competition in the industry: the new energy automobile industry is promising, but the industry is in the early stages of development, the industry has not yet been shaped, the market is competitive and the product is more dominant.
If competition in the new energy car market increases further, it will affect the quality and profitability of the company’s new energy car business. The risk of falling demand in the elevator sector due to the low real estate market: real estate regulation policy for real estate
Investment has a certain impact, affecting the demand for the elevator industry. The company’s sales earnings from the elevator industry are higher, and when the real estate market falls, the company’s sales earnings and profits in the elevator industry will result in the author’s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author