Chesser power (000338) car, profit growth faster than income, product structure better than ever before, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
(b) Ring +5.24 per cent, net return to the mother +2.6 billion yuan, equal +40.07 per cent, ring + 3.4 per cent, high-efficiency products, and rapid profit growth.
The gas engine is more profitable than the fuel engine, with the company leading the gas engine, and it is expected that the gas engine will continue to optimize the product structure of the company’s profits. The gas engine (1) is expected to sustain the demand for the low gas-price ratio + the low price – the gas heavy card.
As of April 30, 24, the price of liquefied natural gas remained low at 0.5 for fuelwood, and the economic advantage of gas heavy cards increased at lower prices. 2) Southern markets are yet to be expanded: 10,000 and 0.79 million gas heavy cards are on the way, with sales reaching 20.4 per cent, 17.4 per cent and the South.
The overall market is low, and the follow-up is still to be developed. Large cylinders: the company has been active in expanding the overseas market for its products, selling 0.81 million large cylinders in 23 years, of which 72.4 per cent is the share of overseas revenue for the motors of the m series, with the product ' s strength rising, and the company ' s large cylinders are expected to continue to grow in the global market.
Kei Hau's profits improved the profits of the company. In 23 years, Kei Hao achieved a business income of $875.2 million, compared to +10.8 per cent, a net profit of $2.09 billion, compared to +336.9 per cent, and expected improvements in profitability were largely affected by inflation-free orders gradually absorbed, and subsequent profitability continued to improve with a higher degree of certainty.
Matek has built up a complete intelligent logistics system, and, against the backdrop of the gradual release of intellectual logistics needs from overseas, Kay and DeMartek will help the company to grow.
2. Leafwood power (000338): seizing the structural opportunities of the industry and opening up new opportunities for profit (2024-01-26)
Witwood Dynamics (000338): q2 Proficiency Ring Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2
Corporate engine operations are highly relevant to the development of the heavy-card industry, with a sustained recovery of 23 per cent/13 per cent/10 per cent. To meet the demand of commercial vehicles for horsepower, oil and gas, company products continue to be optimized, unit prices are assumed.
There will be some recovery, with a steady growth in the market for an integrated smart logistics system based on a Quehu+Dmatek-based forklift plus a warehouse logistics solution, with companies expected to have a smart logistics business of +5%/+5%/+5%/+5% in 24/25/26. We have chosen China’s heavy steam, a gas-free car, and a Chinese vehicle as comparable companies, with an average of 22 times the size of the pe test in 2024.
In view of the recovery of the card industry and the fact that natural gas is still high at low gas/low transport rates, and the trend towards heavy power in the industry, it is expected that the sale of firewood as a domestic engine will continue to grow; in addition, the sound development of the logistics industry has not led to, and will not directly or indirectly benefit from, any form of compensation based on the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.