Chang-Ann's car reported a higher rate of income growth, a new energy product matrix that is gradually being refined, a Chang-Am car (000625)
Events: The company released its semi-annual report for 2023 on 31 August, with 23-h1 operating income, and a faster increase in income and short-term pressure on profitability.
30.940 billion yuan (+40.6 per cent of the same year); net return to the mother ' s profit of 680 million yuan (48.3 per cent of the same year); gross decline mainly due to increased competition in industry prices, the combination of deep blue cars, and the performance of joint venture brand sales
Autonomous brands are growing faster and new energy products are showing off. In 23 years H1 has sold 121.6 \trianglerights, i.e. + 8.0 per cent of the total number of cars; of these, 1,021,000, i.e. + 13.4 per cent of the total number of auto brands sold, i.e. + 13.4 per cent of the total number of cars sold.
768,000 vehicles, or +22.1% of the year, sold overseas by the autonomous brand, 116,000 vehicles, or +14.3% of the year, and 176,000 new energy items, or +107% of the year.
Cs75, vagabond plus, with fuel in the first place in the Chinese brand; in the new energy sector, four new energy brands have been formed, namely, Deep Blue, Open Source, Avita, Ideas idd, and, for 23 years, Deep Blue 7s, Open Source a07, un-kidd, un-vidd, etc., are in the hope of achieving a comparison.
Accelerating the transformation of intelligence, building quality ecology with suppliers. Launching the Zhuge Smart Linking Doo Sky Convergence, re-evolved with coded intelligence; working with China on a strategic basis to build high-end intelligence.
Director's wire intelligence, tied to a high-quality domestic chip tap, coded smart driver. Profit prediction and investment rating: fuel truck business cash cow, new energy business is expected to open up to growth
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, less than expected sales of new vehicles, less than expected transformation of new energy sources, cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of 9 Townstown West, Beijing
The four-year research experience in the automobile industry is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is well covered, focusing on opportunities in Tesla’s industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant, Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering smart cars, car connections, new driving forces, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering smart cabins, electrodynamics, and whole cars. What is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.