It's a smooth transition to new energy sources, with a new upturn in autonomous brands, a net profit of $7.65 billion for mothers, an increase of 30.6 per cent over the same period; of that, q2 achieved business income of $30.940 billion.
h1 performance pressure, q2 profit pressure. 23h1 achieved a sales volume of 12.16 million, a 2.3pc decrease compared to the previous year, which is expected to be mainly due to deep blue branding and a lower price promotion for corporate products in the first half of the year. Sales costs increased by 34.3% compared to the previous year, mainly by the acquisition of deep blue cars, which were combined with sales costs.
And as a result, management costs increased by 4.0 per cent over the year and financial costs decreased by 3.5 per cent, with a small wave of movement; R & D costs increased by 53.4 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of the increase in new technologies and new vehicle-type R & D inputs: four rates increased by 1.4 pt over the same year.
Tables, etc. generate investment revenues of $5.02 billion, increased government subsidies, and the disposal of tea garden 3 plants, resulting in a smooth energy transition and a sustained increase in sales, with expected improvements in subsequent performance. 10,000 vehicles, good overseas market expansion; and 176,000 new auto sales of autonomous brands, compared with the corresponding increase
In terms of new energy, deep blue sl03 is second in terms of new brands.
Three months of average daily turnover (million yuan); Dark Blue S7 was delivered at the end of June and is now sturdy on the slopes; and the launch of the open-source brand, a07/a06/a05 and other multi-car models. The company has built up three new energy brands: Avita, Deep Blue, Open-source, and the roll-out of Dark Blue S7, Avitae 11, un-v IEDs, etc.
China’s Chang'an Automobile Group Ltd. favors a smooth new energy transition, a new, autonomous brand, and a better long-term outlook.
The plan, which is based on a strategy, is to launch an overseas strategy, the Heinau Bichuan project, with a clear view to completing access to the two major regional markets in ASEAN and Europe by 2024, to more than 90% of the global market by 2030, and to sell over 300,000 vehicles in European markets.
Strive to improve management effectiveness by bringing in global leaders in the areas of design, overseas marketing, “3 electricity” and software to fill gaps in multiple fields; deepen the core capability training for digital transformation and promote a worldwide digital transformation; and vigorously promote new marketing changes leading to thousands of shops in passenger cars, limin and Kaicheng
Data is managed straight, and the new marketing channel model is changing in an orderly fashion. Management effectiveness continues to improve, helping companies to reduce their efficiency gains and further boost their growth potential. Given the firm’s recognition of large non-economic gains and losses in the first half of the year, we have raised profit expectations, and companies are expected to earn more.
1) Increased competition in the entire car industry; 2) risk of exchange rate fluctuations; 3) supply chain stability disturbance.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations