\triangleright, \trangled to 31/08/2023
The new energy business is lagging, q2 performing less than expected. 2023q2 achieved business income of 30.940 billion \triangleright, mainly: 1) influenced by industry price wars, new energy vehicle sl03/lumin/idd series and parts
The traditional tankers have made price reductions that have led to a decline in the Māori rate; the Māori rate of 2023q2 is 16.4% and the same-blue loss is a drag on performance, with deep blue cars at 2023q1 and a deficit of $1.06 billion on a table of 2023h1.
\triangleright 0.71 million dollars.
70%) aimed at promoting local electric transformations – increasing capacity utilization – and the follow-up to Jan Amazuda will also accelerate the transition, explore new co-operative models, etc., to boost domestic market sales and profitability. New energy products will have a strong cycle, with a real boost.
\triangleright \triangleright \Henabechon strategy by accelerating overseas production capacity and product layout, strengthening branding, enhancing marketing 3. Long An (000625.sz)
Service layouts, improved market layouts and better talent layouts drive overseas development. 2) Smartness accelerates completion: In August, Chang An-Hu-Hu-Hu-Hu-Hu-Hu signed a strategic cooperation agreement to deepen intelligent collaboration, and in the same time, actively pushes the Ku-Ghu to the ground. The first model cd701 under the sda architecture is expected to start in 2024.
Q: Autonomously sound, q4 performance period - 2022/11/Mc. 3) Employing a high-powered product cycle: the company has launched a start-up brand with Aveta, Deep Blue Masters, 5. Long An (000625.sz) in July:
New models, such as /a07/a06/a05/q05, will be on the market in the second half of the year, with strong product cycles and technology and value-for-money decentralization periods. Smart electrodynamic product matrices are accelerated, export strategies continue to advance, companies are expected to move towards new energy product release nodes in the second half of the year, and economies of scale are expected to improve.
The \triangleright type accelerates, the medium- and long-term logic is clear, the firm's strong product life cycle is expected to be followed by a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.