Segawa technology (300124.sz) Engineering control & elevator building, elastic vehicle contribution, robotics building forward space
The company is a small company in the country that has been able to re-use the multi-industry technology of “industrially controlled new energy vehicles and robots” with a platform-type electromechanical integration system with a continuous beyond-cycle alpha, 2007-market value in industry (RMB): $68.65.
The annual compound increase of 38 per cent and 30 per cent of net profit returns in 2024 exceeded the rate of growth in the industrial automation industry and comparable companies. 1) New energy vehicle operations: the city share has steadily increased and the scale effect is expected to release operational elasticity.
In 24 years, the share of the company's domestic automobiles and electric controls rose to 10.7 per cent, ranking first among third-party suppliers: more than 80 fixed-point projects were expected to produce sop in 25-26 years at the end of the 24-year period.
The same ratio + 70 per cent, and with new production, scale effects are expected to further release operational elasticity, with companies expected to collect more than 30 per cent of cagr in their new energy vehicle operations in 25-27 years. 2) Robot operations: industrial robots are growing up and human robots open up the space for growth.
With the advantage of cost control & channel layout, industrial robotics are now operating at 1.1 billion yuan in 24 years, up from 37% in 24 years and up to 9% in 24 years, in the third place in the industry, while actively developing the core parts of human robots, which are expected to build new ones in the future.
About 30 per cent of corporate industrial robotic business collection is expected to take place in 25-27 years. 3) General automated business: the industrial pole is strong and the development path is clear and robust. 1 Industry: the automated industry has a two-year down-cycle and currently pi/stock is at the bottom
Company 2: According to mir data, the market share of the three core products of the company ' s universal server/low-pressure transformer/small plc was 28/19/14 per cent in 24 years, all ranked first. The company continued to expand its product lines around “photo-electric fluid gas” and launched its first in the country in 25 years.
The full-integrated industrial automation software platform, faa, enhances the competitiveness of integrated solutions. (4) Inter-trading & Elevators: a steady growth of mature operations, profit-based ballasts supporting strategic expeditions.
The city was led by a 19-year takeover of Bestte to create a large-scale electrical solution for elevators, which built up a continuous cycle of competitiveness, which was valued at 40 times the value of the company for 25 years, a downturn in manufacturing, increased competition in the new energy automobile industry, and a lack of technological development.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services.
Foreword: The main logic of this report is the elasticization of the industrial controls & elevators & tracks, the resilience of new energy vehicles, and robotic construction of forward space. “Diversity of product matrix + application scenario extension”, driven in depth by “technology platform enabling + strategic precision card +
The three-fold synergy of organizational management change. As a small number of companies in the country that have achieved "industrially controlled new energy vehicle robotics" and multi-industry technologically reused platform-type electromechanical and electrical integration, the core strategy for the future can be deconstructed as a dual driver of "consolidating the basic plate plus nurturing new dynamic energy":
Consolidation of basics: looking at 25 years of weak recovery in the industrial and regulatory sectors, companies continue to consolidate the lead in general automation, see \triangleright marking the breakthrough of the process industry while increasing the availability of machines, semiconductors, automobiles, medical care, paper, etc. in the oem industry
Rates, extension of product lines to a higher-dimensional platform layout, long-term expansion to overseas, digital, energy management, development of new dynamic energy: 1 new-energy auto-drive industry is expected to concentrate on the head, with a steady increase in company-to-city participation, 2023 \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
At the bottom, the application of the subsidiary ' s combined power ipo was considered and the scale effect is expected to release operational elasticity on a continuous basis: 2 industrial robot beneficiary countries produced an accelerated replacement rate of about 9 per cent in 2024 for the company ' s industrial robotics domestic municipality, close to 2 pct growth in 2023, ranking third (second in number of internal assets); in human robots, companies are able to provide 50-50.
60% of the value of the core parts, with three major advantages of technology + cost + scenario, 25q2 promising humans, core robotic parts & solutions, etc. The forward layout opens up the forward-growing ceiling. Cash flow support: orbital traffic and elevator operations are maturing ... to provide adequate ammunition support for strategic transformation.
1. Segawa technology: Technology reuse determines the height of growth, and the diversified layout continues through the cycle 1.1 development journey: from single-frequency-moderator suppliers to multi-product, multi-disciplinary industrial and industrial platform-type companies are the few Chinese firms that have achieved a multi-industry technologically integrated integration of “industrially controlled new energy vehicle robots”.
Phase I (2003-2011): Extortion of the foreign monopoly on elevator converters, expansion of the matrix of industrial-controlled products Focus on frequency transformers (CVM) research and development at the beginning of the company's establishment in 2003, continuous enhancement of the advantages of the national production variant autonomously, taking a custom-made route, and taking the lead in 2005 in launching the first set of national elevator integrated controller products to break the foreign brand monopoly.
In 2008, the company accelerated the extension of the product line through the extension of the country ' s housing infrastructure and equipment manufacturing industry, with the introduction of plc controllers, servers and the gradual construction of a core system of industrial controlled products with a drive to cover and control. In 2010, the company advanced in phase II (2012-2019): expansion of the industrial control business area, deployment of new energy vehicles and industrial robots.
Since 2012, the company has continued to promote a diversified downstream landscape based on industrially controlled technologies, working with the Wootung Group to achieve a strategic breakthrough in the industrialization of the new energy automobile power control system: in 2016, based on the accumulation of technologies in the servo-driven field, the successful roll-out of the scara industrial robotic product line and the formalization of the industrial robotics industry.
The acquisition and consolidation of Jiangsu Longitude, Shanghai Lane, Shanghai Beth Principal Enterprises, the systematic reinforcement of technological capabilities in the field of high-end manufacturing such as orbital traffic equipment, industrial mobility solutions, overall elevators and electrical support, the continuous improvement of business maps, and the significant enhancement of vertical integration of the industrial chain while optimizing the intake structure.
Phase 3 (post-2020): The dominant position is established, extending to digitalization/energy management, from China to the world. Since 2020, companies have caught a wave of national production substitution for industrial-controlled products.
Operational map to integrate production management and energy optimization capacity through the autonomous Nocube industrial Internet platform, building on the general trend towards globalization of China ' s industrial chain, establishing a process-wide service system in the Euro-American and South-East Asian markets with industrial control equipment and new energy power as a central breakthrough point, and achieving a strategic shift from deep-cultivating Chinese intelligence to leading the digitalization of global industry
Viet Nam. From 2020 to 2024, the net profit of the company was 34 per cent.20 per cent. 1.2 The nature of growth: “Technology platform enabling plus strategic precision card position plus organizational management change” is driven by a three-wheel drive, which is driven by the three-fold synergy of “Technology platform enabling plus strategic precision card position plus organizational management change”.
Technology diffusion goes hand in hand with demand to build sustainable product expansion systems Companies build a two-wheel-drive mechanism of “core technology depth + client demand insight” to achieve efficient transformation of strategic inputs through technology reuse, demand binding (from single items to solutions):
1 Core technology platform extension: The main power power electronics and power-driven control technology platform, with differentiated product patterns, completes cross-industry penetration. From the frequency changer to the server system, the product rotation of the new energy vehicle power control/power-driven system, the essence of which is the ability of the core technology to migrate:
Client demand depth binding: build industrial auto-storage capabilities on the basis of the "Thirteen Packages of Industrial Controls" (CTP+Services+plc) and create "core components - solutions - industry know-how" commercial shut-in by means of strategic additions such as robots, machine visions, sensors, aerodynamic products.
With elevator controllers as key components of the central integration door system, human interfaces, etc., a large-scale solution for elevator integration will be achieved, creating an industry’s leading market share. Strategic precision cards, industry cycle pre-positioning, and stepping on a pro-industrial upgrading wave.
The company has taken the lead in launching the first domestic elevator integrated controller product, breaking the foreign brand monopoly, and fully benefiting real estate.
The landscape cycle. The current leadership in elevator control (traffic) and the human interface industry has formed a full value chain of "control systems plus executive agencies plus human aircraft interaction".
In the case of M&As, companies have improved their strategic capacity through "Industrial Fund Plus Strategic Investment" to fill critical technological gaps:
European small and medium-sized enterprises in industries such as \triangleright secret instruments and key components;
\triangleright Reciprocal Precision Depressors, High Performance Servers, etc. Chart 5: New energy subsidies downhill since 2021, with accelerated penetration breakthroughs
Organization & management depth, equity incentives to stimulate business dynamism. Corporate executives are mostly science and engineering backgrounds in the areas of automation, electricity and electronics, with half of the members from the founding class and more than 10 years of steady employment, based on technical experts in the area of automation, and integrated with the R & D system and Emergent Production.
Test - This complex context of “hard-tech thinking plus process-based governance” both ensures that strategic decision-making binds industry's technical essence and creates an effective synergy in decision-making inertia through long-term convergence, allowing organizations to remain strategic and implement resilient in cross-industry expansion.
The organizational architecture iterative path reflects the evolution of strategic alignment thinking to ensure that resource synergies are maximized in multi-track expansion. The company continues to adapt to strategic development needs through four successions of organizational structures: 1 start-up period (2003-2010): adoption of a three-dimensional "Manager-Manager-Service" functional structure, flat-level decision
(b) The marketing period (2010-2014): rapid market response through independent decision-making in the business module, as product matrix expansion and functional architecture staggered towards a matrix management model supported by functional + product lines;
3 Leap-up period (2014-2019): implementation of process-based grouping with synergetic pains of scale-expanding exposed matrix structures Weaving to improve the ability to export solutions through the establishment of the Department of Enterprise to better focus industry needs; 4 eco-restructuring period (2019 to date): external consultancy to build flats in response to customization needs and technological overlap challenges
The network structure of the Taiwan+ project, with technology-based core capabilities, resource agile movement through the SWAT mechanism, balancing economies of scale and soft innovation. We believe that corporate organizational change has been upgraded from a single control to a multi-dimensional coordinated decision-making system, driven from experience to process consolidation.
This continuous and iterative effort to build a strategic lever for "mode-efficiency – innovation agility" provides the bottom-line support for moving through the industrial cycle. Normalized equity incentives bind the company’s core backbone and sustain business viability.
Since the company's listing, seven equity incentive schemes have been announced, totalling more than 170 million shares, targeting companies' executives, core technicians, etc., with a total of more than 5,000 persons. In August 2024, the company announced its latest stock incentive programme, the core cadre of companies, the continuous release of business dynamics and the rapid growth of support companies.
As a result of the continuous growth in corporate organizational change, the motivation of equity incentives, the efficiency of the company ' s operations continued to improve, with sales + management costs of 8 per cent in 2024 at the lowest level compared to comparable companies. In terms of per capita income generation, the company ' s 1.3 business synergies: consolidation of the base + new dynamics, clear development thinking
Currently, corporate operations are divided into three main business clusters, five major break-offs: General Automation (including industrial robotics), New Energy Automobile & Trans-Train, Elevator Electrical Systems, three business clusters: General Automation (38 per cent) and New Energy Vehicles (which have a differentiated development feature, forming a combination of "profit pillars + growth engines + cash flow security".
Mainly driven by the evolution of the business structure, in particular: a profit pillar: a high Maori generic automation operation (including industrial machines) maintains a high Māori rate of over 40 per cent, contributing more than 60 per cent of operating profits; a cash cow block: an elevator operation Māori rate; and a corporate core strategy that can be deconstructed as "consolidating the basic plate plus nurturing new dynamic":
Consolidation of basic modules: General automation operations are built on multi-product matrices and industry custom-made solutions, deep tied to \triangleright to define intellectual manufacturing upgrading needs, new products are constantly evolving and extended overseas.
Fostering new dynamic energy: the growth track dimension, the accelerated production of replacements in industrial robotic operations, the human robot forward-looking \triangleright layout, opening up the forward-growing ceiling: the first critical breakthrough in the new energy automobile business in 2023.
Cash flow support: Orbital traffic and elevator operations are in maturity to provide adequate ammunition support for strategic transformation. \triangleright data, 2023 integrated into general automation category)
Use, from “sales cost” to “business cost” 2, base plate: manufacturing transition starships, with a clear path to industrial long-term growth: 2.1 Industry: Reassembly of domestic heating energy, and sailing out of the sea to the blue sea.
The central driver of domestic demand growth for industrially controlled products is the growth of downstream manufacturing demand. Industry demand is strongly cyclically associated with manufacturing capital spending.
Since the 2008 subprime mortgage crisis, the industry has undergone four full cycles (average duration of three to four years), following the pattern of stock evolution of "active de-stores, passive repossess, passive refill banks" at various stages, with two major structural changes in the characteristics of the current cycle:
2) Low level of water in stock: the end of the stock of finished goods produced by industrial enterprises of above size has been maintained at the same level since July 23rd, and the industry as a whole has been passively off-banking and is transitioning to the active replenishment phase. In March 2025, the manufacturing of GPE in industries above size reached 9.3 per cent in the same month, up from 18 months in the past.
Newly high, the manufacturing pmi index stood at 50.5% in March, and the ring increased by 0.3 pct, with manufacturing climates continuing to rise. Meanwhile, as domestic industrial-controlled products mature and manufacturing capacity expands overseas, industrial-controlled firms increase the external market layout, creating a two-engine-driven pattern of "domestic recovery + overseas expansion."
The policy is expected to close down industry down and build demand-side mechanisms in the short term. The downward pressure on industrial prices has triggered policy reverse adjustments, and pi has been in place for 30 months since October 2022.
In March 24, seven departments, including the Ministry of Information and Communications, jointly issued the Programme for Promoting the Implementation of Equipment Upgrading in the Industry, which proposes an increase of more than 25 per cent in the volume of equipment investment in industry by 2027 over the year 2023:
In July 224, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance issued a joint publication entitled " A number of measures to increase support for large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods for old ones " , combining the financing of over $300 billion in super-long-term special national debt, and supporting large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods for old ones.
We believe that the current macro-policy toolbox is well-positioned, with low stock levels in the industry, demand-side transmission is expected to be smoother, and the domestic automated market is expected to turn upside-down in 2025, and will continue with countercyclical adjustment policies in the future.
In 2025, the state issued $20 billion in ultra-permanent special national debt for large-scale equipment upgrading, and industrial automation as a manufacturing industry.
(a) A core vehicle for intelligent upgrading, the incremental space of which can be measured in three steps: 1 Determines the direct financing ratio - assuming 70 per cent of the national debt goes to industry, 10 per cent of which is for industrial automation, corresponding to a direct increment of 14 billion yuan;
2 multiplier effects - assuming total demand to drive the industrial chain up to 56 billion yuan based on government investment to leverage social capital (a multiplier factor of 4); 3 national production alternative spaces - the national rate of industrial automation assumed to be 50 per cent.
The logic of the medium-term "Industrial Upgrading + Import Substitution" is clear.
\triangleright 15%. Traditional human-intensive production patterns are unsustainable, triggering an automated transformation of demand. 2 Policy systems Enabling: “145 Plan” and Vision 2035 outline are required in the section on “Enhancing Core Competitiveness in Manufacturing”.
Focus on industrial control equipment, such as dcs, plc, to break through key components such as advanced controllers, high-precision servo-drivers, high-performance speed-reducing machines, etc. Import substitution acceleration: in the past, the country’s industrial automation sector markets were largely outside Europe and the United States, Japan, etc.
\triangleright branding. In recent years, international environmental uncertainty has increased, domestic firms have matured, and sub-optimal firms have gradually taken advantage of high value for money products, home-grown services, personalized customization, etc.
According to data from the industrial network, public-health events hit the trend of overseas logistics to accelerate domestic production substitution, with indigenous producers already accounting for 49% of the automated market in 2024. From a long-term perspective, industrial-controlled markets abroad are driven both by space and profitability, and are expected to open up new avenues for business growth.
In the context of the industry, where domestic demand cyclical fluctuations are increasing, industrial control firms are accelerating their strategic shift. In the early stages of exploration, domestic industrial controls are present: head firms are driven from the sea by autonomous R & D and branding, while small and medium-sized enterprises are moving out of the country by tying up distribution networks of head channels. We judge overseas cities.
Field breakthroughs will result in a pattern of price increases: 1) market space dimensions: the global industrial automation market has a size of $240 billion (based on statista data), the off-sea market capacity is about four to five times that of the country, and the incremental space is wide;
2) Profit Quality Dimensions: The Māori rate for overseas operations is generally higher than 5-20 percentage points in the country, and profitability surges are significant. 2.2 Companies: Strong leadership leads to national production substitution, internationalization & digitization & energy management are the three strategic directions for the future.
Server systems, plc/cnc controls, aerodynamic components, industrial visual systems, etc., extend to high-precision wire bars, industrial robotics, etc. The market position has continued to strengthen, with a long-term stability of over 40% over 2021 and a significantly higher level of Maori for the business plate. We believe that its moats originate from two sources.
Large core advantages: 1) economies of scale highlight the fact that, as domestic industrial leaders, the size of a generic automated business is many times larger than comparable companies, which can optimize upstream bargaining capacity by producing flat unit fixed costs on a scale and using the volume advantage of purchasing; 2) system integration capacity premium, based on the most complete product spectrometry in the industry, that companies can provide from single machine equipment to intelligence.
A full-flow solution with production lines, product combination sales leading to added value and differentiated profit advantages.
Figure 22: The Māori ratio for general automation of companies is higher than for comparable companies Figure 23: Corporate universal servers, low-voltage transformers, small plc municipalities have continued to increase since 2021
At the heart of the firm’s sound solutions is the increased competition in the industrial automation sector, it is difficult for producers that provide a single product or simple solution.
In the area of industrial automation, companies can provide multi-product package solutions such as: 1 “plc/hmi/cnc+serving systems + industrial robotics + precision machines + aerodynamic + bus” to meet customer-to-client solutions.
“Full-use”, “low-cost” value demand; 2 “industrial-control-plus” custom-made solutions tailored to the unique production processes and process requirements of different clients. Through differentiated solutions, companies can contribute to a wide range of upgrading and optimization of downstream customers: (1) on the product quality side
It can help clients improve the quality of their products and reduce secondary rates;2 at the production efficiency level, significantly improve production efficiency and reduce production cycles;3 at the cost control level, it is effective to save labour costs, energy consumption, space occupancy and waste of raw materials, thereby enhancing the competitiveness of customers in the market in all its aspects and contributing to the sustainability of their operations.
The company is in the process of constructing a higher-dimensional platform-based layout of PV gas, and the solution capability is expected to continue to improve. 1 light: includes products such as machine vision, PV encoder, sensors, etc.; 2 machine: represents a precision machine, from machines such as robotics, silk bars, high-performance electric machines, to products such as high-precision components, motion modules, etc.; 3 power: main content
The company ' s traditional automated products, which include transformers, servers, plcs and other control systems, are four liquids: electrolyte technology, and the company ' s dedicated electrolyte server is a combination of electricity and fluids.
The company launched the internationalization path in 2022, targeting more than 20% of its overseas operations, raising space. Through the "global" global operating model, three major infrastructures have been advanced: a network layout: more than 130 overseas distributors have been developed, 18 overseas subsidiaries and offices have been set up, and 42 joint protection centres, 10 spare parts centres and offices have been set up.
10 maintenance centre service platforms: 2 production profiles: Hungary’s European plant is in place, North American production base start-up regulations: 3 R & D localization: Germany’s Stuttgart R & D Center is in the implementation phase. The company opens up overseas markets mainly through the dual strategy of “industry lines out of the sea” and “ships out of the sea”:
Lines of business out of the sea: using custom-made solutions for multinational business customers and industries in the Chinese market, extend to overseas branches of multinational firms. Lending out: following Chinese firms out of the sea, building overseas with Chinese companies, especially the Chinese oem equipment manufacturer.
Construction of plants, export of oem equipment, etc., extending the products and solutions of companies in niche industries such as elevators, plastics, air-conditioning chillers and air-pressors to overseas markets. Companies implement differentiated pathways to overseas markets: 1 emerging market (South-East Asia/Middle East, etc.): South-East Asia (India, Viet Nam, and others).
Thailand is the main contributor to the current recovery, with rapid breakthroughs in the shift of industry by force; 2 high-end markets (Europe and the United States); and positioning, medium- and long-term strategic location, targeting manufacturing downside demand into middle-end markets, sharing abb, Siemens, and we believe that the company's current overseas layout, R & D-Producer-Services, supports a three-pronged system that adds global manufacturing prices.
Figure 25: By the end of 24, companies had developed more than 130 overseas shares
Vendors, 18 overseas subsidiaries and offices, global layout, 18 subsidiaries and offices, over 600 overseas teams
Markets in Korea, the Middle East, Viet Nam, Turkey, etc. are growing rapidly, with more than 130 overseas distributors; services covering 28 countries and territories, industries going to sea: cellular phones, lithium power, breaking through Korea's head customers.
• European Research and Development Centre & Overseas sdt Product Break-through: Industrial Robots, Big Bang Project Break-Up: Developed Markets: Industry Customization - Test Stations, Textiles, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration, Plastics
▪ Hungarian/Thai Plants; Korea sbc Inc. fosters digital, energy management operations and constructs the ultimate solution of “Automated + Digital + Energy Management.” Digital operations: Focus on two sets of scenarios in industry, with continuous breakthroughs in software
\triangleright \digitalization operations are directed to two main scenarios: one is digitization around the side of production, including equipment management, energy management, personnel management, process management, productivity improvement, quality improvement of production, etc.; and the other is around the side of the post-service market, elevators, elevators, etc.
Single-point equipment, such as air-pressure machines, for post-service management of the equipment. The two types of scenes mentioned above are inseparable from the equipment itself, and companies have been working deep for more than 20 years in the area of automaticization, with a strong accumulation of understanding of the scenes and processes of the equipment.
Digital solutions in various industries, such as air-pressure machines, new agriculture, printed packaging, food beverages, etc. have increased orders significantly. In February 2025, the company officially entered the home-grown industrial automation fully integrated software platform, faa, which brings together in depth all categories of products in industrial automation: execution/sensor layer, drive layer, control layer, edge layer, and can be associated with top-level letters
Full silo link, which is now widely tested and validated on the client side. Energy management business: “Source-net storage” multi-site layout, clear business planning \triangleright
The company focuses on the energy management “source-net-loading” multiple scenarios, providing products such as a storage energy management system, a storage energy transformer, and a storage energy unit.1 On both the source and the net side: 24 years pcs storage reversibles out of 7gw; and, in conjunction with industry leaders, developing new clusters of pcs and boosters, achieving network-type technology breakthroughs and completing product overseas certification.2
Reserves: The second generation of brand-new products, "Intelligent All Liquid Cold Business Repository" , was officially released. Volume cooperation orders were created with multiple investment channels within the industry: 3 In household storage, partnerships were established with industry chain partners to cooperate in the development of household run-off products through the "loan out-of-sea" approach, resulting in bulk sales and penetration into overseas markets.
The strategic path of the company ' s energy management operations is clear in three steps: the first phase leads the country in large storage areas on the side of power generation and distribution; the second phase moves to large overseas storage areas to synchronize the piloting of business-side storage operations; and the third phase promotes household storage operations and integrates the company ' s digital capacity to provide soft, hard-to-soft digital energy solutions.
3. High growth: The wave of new energy vehicles has surged, and the second growth curve has accelerated to meet 3.1 industries: the global power-driven market is hundreds of billions of size, long-term looking at good coexistence between the mainframe plant and third-party suppliers, and the growth in demand for new energy automobile-driven systems is inherently a triple factor: 1 increase in the sale of new energy vehicles: 2 single-vehicle electricity
The market for new energy vehicles has increased: the current goal of “double carbon” has become a global consensus. Governments have encouraged the rapid growth of the new energy car market by setting strategic targets, introducing policy regulations, and so on.
New energy automobile sales have increased rapidly since the market entry phase. In 24 years, our new energy vehicle penetration rate has increased the number of bicycle power units: as new energy cars continue to pursue their performance, the medium-to-high-end model has accelerated its spread.
Two or even three-power configurations (e.g., four-drive, front- and back-to-back bridge, independently driven), power-loading will increase penetration of new technologies: speed-up flat-line rounding processes in the electric field, cold-distribution heat design, and 800v high-pressure flat-pacing structures. As high-value-added technology programmes are scaled-up, the one-car kit hub will move upwards.
In summary, we expect that the unit price of the new energy car-driven system will increase to $0.08 million per station, and that the market size of the domestic/global power-driven system will reach $118,555.2 billion in 2025. The main plant will increase its self-supply ratio, and it will be expected to achieve a dynamic balance between the main plant and the supplier.
The current new energy vehicle mainframe is accelerating the process of self-reflection of power systems, based on technology ownership, supply chain security, and cost optimization considerations. According to the New Age, the market is concerned about the future viability of third-party suppliers during the 2021-2024h1 period.
We believe that the industry will eventually form a virtuous pattern of "professional division of labour + dynamic checks and balances" with the core logic of: 1) the cost of self-research at the mainframe plant and the limitations of economies of scale: self-research requires larger R & D inputs, with sufficient amortization costs. For small and medium-sized cars or low- and medium-end vehicles, self-research is less expensive;
2) Third-party suppliers are irreplaceable: independent third-party suppliers, by virtue of their unique industry chain status, provide a systematic solution to the mainframe plant of “reduce, efficiency, lifting” through modifier integration, technological depth and quality closures.
In the current pattern, except for Biadi, Tesla, which integrates vertically into a vertical supply chain, spare parts and total full-volume self-manufacturing, the mainframe plant collects core components such as electron rotors, electrical controls, power sources, etc., in bulk and on the basis of self-made components.
Figure 30: The share of third-party supply has declined since 2021
3.2 Company: The thick and thin mass is on the verge of a sustained increase in market access. In 2009, the company set up the Ministry of Autoelectronics and Electronics to create a new energy sector. In 2016, the company set up the Suzhou Siokawa Union, started operating the new energy automobile business independently. In the same year, it started research and development on motor and power production, electricity and power generation products, 2020.
For the first time, overseas projects have been targeted. With years of sedimentation, the company has now become a domestic third-party power-drive leader, with the main products covering new energy motor power systems (power control, motors, triple/multiple-drivers combined) and power systems (car chargers, dc/dc converters, combined one/triple power source combined).
The company’s new energy automobile business has grown rapidly since 2021, with revenues exceeding $16 billion in 2024, about 170% more than in 2024, sustaining rapid growth. By sub-product, power-driven systems contribute the bulk of the revenue, exceeding the overall ratio of 1h24.
On the profit side, as corporate operations continue to grow in size, the effect of scale becomes apparent, the Māori rate continues to rise, with 1h24 rising, and the Māori rate for company power-driven system products is higher than the industry average compared to competitors, mainly as a result of the continued expansion of the company ' s power-driven systems industry, the continuous technological overlap of companies, the introduction of a profit-making business strategy, and the decline in unit cost of products.
Figure 33: Rapid growth in corporate revenue from new energy automobiles (millions of dollars) Figure 34: Continued increase in the Māori rate of company new energy automobiles
Under the ne era, in 2024, the share of the company ' s electricity-controlled products was about 10.7 per cent, ranking first among third-party suppliers (the second in total); the share of the total product driven was about 6.3 per cent, ranking fourth; the share of the fixed product was about 10.5 per cent, ranking first among third-party suppliers (the second in total); and the share of the obc product was about 4.5 per cent, ranking eighth.
Companies build a differentiated competitive advantage around four dimensions of technological innovation, rapid response, efficient operation, and cost control. In the current context of highly customized and demand-driven competition in the new energy car market, parts and components firms compete at the core.
The power of competition depends on its ability to respond efficiently to client needs and to operate efficiently across the whole chain, and we believe that the higher share of companies is due mainly to their ability to innovate technologically, respond quickly, operate efficiently, and control costs. Technological innovation: more than $600 million in R & D investments and 1,700 R & D teams in 2023, on average, compared to comparable companies.
2.46 times the level, 2.86 times the technical indicators, and one of the country’s first national brands of auto parts and components to launch 800v high-voltage sic power-driven platforms, hybrid/adding structures. Rapid response: services to more than 40 mainstream mainframe clients, platforming, modular design, and accompanying mainframe products.
\triangleright averaged a development cycle of only 18-20 months, which would enable comparable companies to meet the needs of the mainframe more quickly. Efficient operation: generic standardization of components, high level of production line automation, January-June 24 year inventory turnover rate
1.85 times the average level of \triangleright. Cost control: a large volume of 1.7 million electric power-driven system products per year and nearly 400,000 power-source system products per year
Downstream client structures continue to be optimized, looking at new customers and new car models for incremental contributions. In the area of cars, the company has been able to use eight of the top 10 mainframe plants in the country (with the exception of Biadi, Tesla).
The company's share of the business has grown steadily, while it has expanded to reach new customers and connect with domestic and international clients such as Ui, Shoo, Mercedes Benz, Renault. With the continuous breakthrough of downstream customers, the company's top five clients have fallen to 1h24.
At the end of 2024, there were more than 80 fixed-point projects in the country and abroad, and it is expected that by the end of 2025-24, applications for joint power ipo from companies will have been processed and $4.86 billion will be raised to further expand capacity, strengthen research and development capabilities and upgrade technology, including the New Energy Motors Core Parts Production Project.
A total of 1.74 million new vehicles, 880,000 electric power units, 1.08 million electric power units, 460,000 power units, and 100,000 vehicle chargers are driven. We believe that combined power is expected to accelerate the expansion of productive capacity through capital markets, further relying on their scalding manufacturing advantages to reduce marginal costs and drive the city’s share into the accelerated upturn.
4. Grown operations: elevators & orbital traffic is growing robustly, profitable ballast stones are supporting the strategic expedition 4.1 elevators : stock replacement & old house conversion & export into new drivers, firm cash flow is created by sound growth of company operations The need for elevator operations is mainly derived from investments in real estate development, stock elevator replacements, old house additions, exports.
Real estate is the largest downstream application in the elevator industry, benefiting from the up-to-date cycle of real estate development until 2021, and our annual output has grown rapidly from 40,000 in 2000 to 1.55 million in 2021, or 19% in Cagr. Real estate investment has declined in recent years as the country has become more regulated in the real estate market, with 10 billion dollars invested in real estate development in 2024.
A 10% drop in the same year, and the need for new elevators continues to be suppressed, yet one stock of elevators to replace & to replace & to replace, two old districts to re-engineer, and three export needs to support the elevator industry. Stock elevators to replace & to replace: The life cycle of our elevators is about 15 years, and the failure rate of the old elevators is significant.
In July 2024, the DRC and the Ministry of Finance further introduced a policy of upgrading equipment to include old elevators as a priority area of support, and the details of programmes of action, for example, in Jiangsu province.
The use of old residential elevators for security assessment and risk management for more than 15 years has accelerated the upgrading of substandard, safe, and dangerous old residential elevators, which by the end of 2023 stood at 1,063,000, i.e. + 10 per cent, with replacement requirements for the next five years
With the gradual implementation of the country’s construction energy-saving reduction policy, the need to upgrade existing construction elevators for energy-efficient conversion will be released. In the future, the demand for after-service services will increase as the elevator stock market increases further.
The old neighbourhood renovations and fittings: National multi-dimensional reinforcement policy support, from the 14th and the old district rehabilitation plan to the three-year action programme on the bottom of the electrical ladder (2023-2025), promoted the inclusion of old residential elevators in the Government's livelihood security project, resulting in a two-wheel drive of "Policy Incentives + People's New Needs".
In 2023, there were 220,000 new construction and rehabilitation districts and 108,000 additional elevators, with an average of 22,000 units per year. In 2024, 58,000 new construction and rehabilitation of old and old districts were completed in nearly five years, and it is expected that future loading requirements will enter a steady release cycle.
Elevator exports: benefiting from the urbanization needs of emerging markets abroad (South-East Asia, Middle East, Africa, etc.), our elevator and escalator exports/exports have continued to grow since 2021, with 120,000 domestic elevators and escalators exported in 2024, compared with 18 per cent, exports of $2.4 billion, compared with 9 per cent, and growth has accelerated. The domestic elevator industry has matured.
The industrial chain, from core components to built-up mechanisms, creates efficient synergies, with production costs and delivery rates significantly better than international rivals. With the “one-way” infrastructure deepening, Chinese elevator companies are expected to build on the synergies of the entire industry chain to scale up their share of overseas markets.
Figure 44: In 2024, 58,000 small and old towns and cities began new constructions of product matrices in the country’s small and old towns, which resulted in a combination of elevators, which were well-competitive, and the whole of which preferred manufacturers of high product development capabilities and full-fledged spare parts.
For reasons of cost control, quality assurance of products, etc., the current staircase vendor is developing a shift of emphasis to brand and service operations, in favour of the supply of elevator components with larger power, better products and technologies, and the ability to provide a whole package of “big packages” (including components such as control systems, human interfaces, door systems, cable beams, etc.)
In 2005, the company moved into the elevator industry through the Integrated Elevator product, taking the lead in the area of elevator control and drive, depending on its core technical advantages, but the product coverage of the terminal was short-cut, limiting one-stop service capacity. In 2019, the company enriched the human interface, the door system, the cable cable, the wellway electrical, the control system, etc.
Gas components are configured to significantly enhance the capacity of the company’s elevator electrical system’s large-scale integrated services. Moreover, Bethette’s clients, mainly international brand elevator companies, have established mature channels and customer sticky networks in the European and South Korean markets, thanks to long-standing cooperation with multinational giants such as Otis, Tungli, Tisenkhamp, Yinda, and Fusta.
After Bethet, companies have produced significant complementarities and synergies with them in terms of products, technology, markets, marketing, etc. The company ' s elevator integration controller/frequency changer products, market ownership of human interface products are now in the forefront of the industry, and the company has become a leading provider of large-scale electrical solutions for elevators in the industry.
Figure 46: The ability of companies to provide large-scale electrical solutions for elevators. Business growth is robust, and it is expected that good cash flows will continue to be created for companies. The Division will focus on moving forward: 1 to speed up the import of products to multinational business clients and increase the share of corporate products among large multinational customers;
2 Increase the outreach of elevator customers overseas; 3 expand the overall electrical solutions for elevators; 4 actively follow up on elevator replacements and security markets, and strengthen the market for post-exploitation services. We consider the company as the elevator department with the overall solution of “control systems plus human interfaces plus door systems plus cable beams”
The competitive advantage of suppliers will be further highlighted in the context of large matching demand, with elevator operations expected to continue to generate 4.2 orbital traffic for companies: industry size fluctuates with bidding, company-to-market dominance remains at the forefront, industry size with tender rhythms and a new cycle is expected in 25-26 years.
In June 2024, the Ministry of Transport and others jointly issued an Opinion on Enhancing the Supervision and Management of Inter-City Railways and Municipal Railways, which strengthens the normative development of the orbital transport system. According to rt-orbit transport, the urban track area will undergo a new construction cycle from 2025 to 2026, with a total projected investment of $1.6 trillion, with the bid requirements for the tractor system expected to coincide with the construction of the line.
The market for the trading system is expected to grow robustly. Figure 50: Over the past five years, the market for the domestic trading system has been about 6 billion people on more than one technological route to build the moat, with deep-farming clients driving the continuous lead.
In 2015, the company entered the track by strategic mergers and acquisitions of Jiangsu's longitudes. Since its establishment in 2010, the company has invested more than $300 million to complete the digestion of the Skoda electrical-wide towed technology (cars/trailer/trailer), integrating European-based technology genetics and parent company research and development systems and spearheading the construction of autonomously controlled towing systems to protect the city's rivers.
Jiangsu's longitude has now formed the full spectrum technology matrix: the latest generation of high-efficiency magnetic-retardant tractors is available, and three technology packages, such as induction technology, carbonated silicon currents and permanence magnetic direct traction technology, and related packages, are in very limited numbers of leading suppliers with multi-tech platform delivery capabilities in the country. With "Technology Plus Brand" on a double-wheel drive, Jiangsu's longitude is now compatible.
Partnerships are established with mainstream domestic clients. Corporate turn-overs basically follow the fluctuations in the number of industry tenders, and given the firm’s deep understanding of power-driven and control technologies and its full ownership of the core technology of the traction and control system, it is expected that the future will be achieved through high value for money and customer demand.
Responding to such advantages as timeliness continues to increase client penetration through the industry cycle. Crurcqingdaosifangco., ltd.5.
5.1 Industrial robots: rapid business development, cost control & channel layout leading The company began deployment of industrial robots in 2013 with the completion of major product development in 2019 and operations in 2021 with the harvest period.
In 2016, the company introduced the scara robotic whole-time solution and obtained small bulk sales in electronics, lithium electricity, photovoltaics, rituals, etc. In 2019, the company completed the full series of scara robots, the 20kg series of six joint machines, humans, etc., with a focus on expanding the industries of 30, lithium, toys, etc., deep-diving industrial applications, and strengthening industrial robots and machines.
Industrial visual depth coupling. Through years of technological expansion & deep-farming industry, corporate industrial robotics operations have grown rapidly since 2021, 2024. Chart 53: Corporate industrial robotics have grown rapidly.
We believe that the competitive advantages of corporate industrial robots stem from both corporate cost control and channel layout: core parts are home-made and cost control is significant: industrial robots are mostly slow-downs, servers, \triangleright controls.
With the exception of decelerations, server systems, and controls, which together account for about 70% of the total cost of industrial robots, they directly determine the performance, reliability and carrying capacity of industrial robots.
Breaking through large clients, expanding the network of channels, developing multi-sector synergies: Focus 30, new energy, etc., raising the strategic depth of cooperation with large industry clients, large terminals, reaping large projects and increasing market share. 2 Strengthened collaboration with the General Automated Industry Line, initial incubating a number of new industries, regions, and fostering more pillar 3 industries.
Through the regional line operating model, a number of channels of cooperation in industrial robot applications have been developed. At the same time, the number and share of platform-type channels have been upgraded through channel training. In April 2025, the company Nanjing base project was completed and the production line relocated, focusing on industrial robots and industrial softness.
In addition, the company signed the Nanjing Research and Development Test Center project, which focuses on the development, testing, and production of large industrial robots and core components. We believe that the expansion of capacity & R & D investment will strengthen the company.
The ability of the multi-product portfolio to support the continued growth of corporate industrial robotics business is 5.2 human robots: core parts are well under development, technology + cost + field 3D advantage resonance, human robots are one of the most defined directions for the future, and domestic and foreign firms are entering the new course of robotics.
Thanks to the wave of technology, human robots have gained full ownership of national and international top policies, government funding, and technological excellence, and the industry is entering a period of rapid growth. The main players in human robots are now the senatorial companies (opportunity, boston dynamics, etc.), the first-generation companies (intellectual robots, Fouriers, Woots, etc.), and cross-border companies (Texra cars).
Automobiles, consumer electronics, home appliances, etc.), native robotics (industrial robots, collusive robots, mobile robots, etc.), technology companies (Hao, tethers, etc.), “body” is the basis for the realization of all proposed human vehicles by human robots, including, inter alia, executors, sensors, smart hands, electricity.
Sources, chips, new material structures, etc., based on public information from Tesla human robot optimus, are expected to have the highest cost of motion systems (including linear executors + rotation executors + smart hands) in the cost of the Tesla human robot optimus mass bom, at about 70%.
Laser radar, millimeter wave radar, tactile sensor.
Wave-free power, power-free, power-to-record sensors.
A liquid stunter, a boxless rectangulator, a torque sensor.
The human robot track continues to be coded and the core parts are well developed. The company set up a human robot in 2023.
Team, by registering $300 million in funds for the establishment of the Beijing Segawa Technology Company Ltd., which officially entered into the human robotics industry. In 2025, the company launched the recruitment of human robot design engineers, systems software development engineers, human machine man-made algorithm engineers, etc. The company is now led by the Centre for Product Competitiveness, in a multi-sectoral and collaborative manner.
Development of core components products related to controls, server drives, rotation executioner modules, planetary roller bars, encoder, and human robots. We expect q2 companies to be rolling out parts, solutions, etc. in 2025. Figure 58: Corporate human robots using rotation executors, boxless rectulators, server drives, planetary roller bar physical maps
From the point of view of industrial robotics, look at the company's "Technology-Cost-Ecology" triangle, which is industrialized by human robots. (1) Technology dimensions: company-industrial robotic movement control & execution technology is expected to optimize reuse to the area where robotics are still needed. Human-physical robotic movement control, like the underlying principles of the implementation technology, consists of controls, servers, power generators, deceletors, etc.
Technologies such as motion control algorithms, high-dynamic response servo-drivers, etc. accumulated by companies in the field of industrial robots, can be used to build ground-level technology recovery bases for robot research and development. 2 Cost dimensions: migration of R & D systems, self-formulation of core components to protect cities.
Reuse can significantly reduce marginal R & D costs. At the same time, companies in the field of industrial robotics have self-researched key components such as controllers, server systems, threads, etc., and have access to technology that accounts for 50-60% of the core components of human formation.
The demand for human robot movement control capabilities is directly related to the complexity of the scene, and its commercial path follows the evolutionary logic of "easy before hard": industrial manufacturing (structural environment) – commercial services (semi-open scenario) – extreme operations (high risk)
The company, by virtue of its leading position in the area of industrial automation, has direct access to a large number of industrial clients and a long-term stable partnership with the main industry. The company is expected to be able to build up its industrial landscape with cross-industry channels in the future.
The network, which builds a closed-ring ecology from technology certification to commercial landings, provides a pre-emptive advantage in taking advantage of the strategic heights of industrialization of human robots. In our view, human robots are the same technology as core parts of industrial robots, and companies are expected to leverage technology.
Releases R & D energy while building up the city's protected river with a self-made, scale-based manufacturing capability of the core components. Human machines are expected to take the lead in industrial landscape applications, companies are expected to invest heavily in human robots, and it is possible to import downstream customers through brands in industry and channels, and watch the company's technological-cost-ecological triangulation of the industrialization of human robots.
The market for human robots is breaking down. We measure the production of human robots at 1 million units, corresponding to server drives, borderless rectulators, encoders, silk bars, controller market space of 40/140/108/210.060 billion. In the case of optimusgen 3, the calculation process is as follows:
Requirements: One human robot consists of 14 rotating joints, 14 linear joints, 2 smart hands, 40 control \trianglerights, each of which requires a server drive, a boxless rectangulator, and 2 encoders.
Each linear joint requires a server drive, a boxless rectangler, an encoder, a planet's roller, staves/trailers, six server drives, six encoders per smart hand. Unit price: current server drive, incoder, encoder, staves, controller unit, respectively, is approximately the same.
300/1200/400/8600/300, the value of the spare parts is expected to continue to decrease with the size of the production, and as human machines, the company's operations are divided into three main categories: general automation (including industrial robotics), new energy vehicles and orbital transport, elevators and electrical systems, which can be broken down into general automation, industrial robots, new energy vehicles, orbital traffic, elevator power.
The gas system has five major plates. For 24 years, companies have earned about 6 per cent of their income abroad, mainly in South-East Asia and Europe, while companies are preparing to establish a North American production base, with less overall tariff implications. 1) General automation categories: products and solutions such as transformers, server systems, plc, industrial robots, etc.
General automation: the market share of core products has continued to increase, with 24 years of corporate universal servers, low-pressure transformers and small-scale plc markets reaching 28/19/14 per cent, with markets ranking first/first/second, with a high volume and rate of growth of operations determined and sustained mainly from the following areas: (a) continuous iterative competitiveness of primary products, plus atmospheric dynamics, etc.
The layout and range of new products such as sensors, visual products, industrial power sources, etc. are well developed:2 to accelerate the process of corporate globalization through concerted action by global industry lines;3 to digitalize/energy management extension, to be continued by hardware-oriented software, and to enhance solutions capacity to further bridge the gap between product plates and other countries.
Industrial robots: Corporate industrial robotic operations have grown rapidly since 21 years, with 1h24 earning 580 million yuan, \triangleright being number 3 (second in number). The company Nanjing base project has been completed and relocated for 25 years, and will be delivered after delivery.
The production capacity of 400,000 robots and their ancillary products each year supports a sustained growth in future deliveries, with a projected 25-to-new energy vehicle: both company power-driven and power-source system products were in the top position, with a share of about 10.7 per cent in domestic vehicle use in 2024, and the share of corporate electricity-controlled products ranked first among third-party suppliers; the share of 0bc products was about 4.5 per cent.
8th place. The company ' s combined power application for ipo at the end of 24th year was received in depth, planning for a total of additional vehicle drivers (including 10,000 capacity, which is expected to support the company ' s growth in future output at a high rate, with the company ' s new energy vehicle expected to be in orbit in 25-27 years: business demand is mainly derived from the scale of orbital traffic construction and the company ' s winning mark, industry entry wall)
\triangleright \triangleright volume market turned to stock market, which, after maintenance, will contribute additional quantities, and corporate railing operations are expected to be stable 3) Smart elevator class: elevator control systems (including frequency) are provided primarily for elevator upholstery manufacturers and after elevator service markets
After doing business, the certainty and continuity of growth comes mainly from: (a) accelerating the import of products to multinational customers and increasing the share of public goods to large multinational customers; (b) increasing the outreach of overseas elevator customers; and (c) expanding the overall electrical solution of elevators.
Programme 4: Follow-up on elevator replacement and security markets to strengthen the market for post-exploitation services. Given the continued optimization of commodity material management mechanisms in the company ' s internal operations, the Māori rate is expected to remain largely stable, and we use the municipal rate method to value the company, taking into account the general automation of the company and the highest share of new energy sources.
Business models are similar to those of comparable companies in the industrial automation industry: CCM, Ideal Electric, Rayce Smart, Vimax Electric: The selection of Weimes and Inpol as comparable companies for new energy power systems is 39 times higher than the average in 2025, of which the average for industrial automation is 39 times the average, and the average for new energy power systems operations is comparable to that of companies.
The company, as the leader of the industrial control industry, is using the built-up capacity of industrial automation for horizontal integration into the new energy cars, high-growth races such as electrical systems, industrial robots, to form multi-operational and synergistic technological isolations.
"Technology Platform Plus Strategic Precision Card Plus Organizational Management Change" builds competitiveness through a continuous cycle, and we give the company shares the first-ever coverage of the "buy-in" rating.
In order to facilitate an efficient understanding of the company's business by investors, we are systematically collating the company's core business modules — general automation (industrial controls), new energy vehicles (electrically driven + power), elevators (control systems), railing (trailing systems), and five key research elements of industrial robotics, including core definitions of business, downstream customers, key products.
Goods, market size, pattern & competitor. 7.1 General automated operations (industrial controls) (i) Core definition of industrial controls?
Industrial automation usually refers to the automation of production using technologies such as computers, electronic information, reduced manual intervention, efficiency and accuracy. Industrial automation control (TAC) is the equivalent of a “decision hub” for industrial automation, which is achieved through equipment such as controllers, sensors, server systems, transformers, etc.
An autonomous decision-making and precision execution of the production process. The engineering hardware function can be divided according to the pyramid model into: 1) control layer -- the logical control hub: the core of the human interface and the logical operation, consisting of equipment such as plc (programmablelogiccontroller), dcs (distributed control system), hmi (human interface).
2) Drivers - Power Conversion Modules: Comprises server drives, transformers, step drives, etc., to achieve efficient conversion of electrical - machine energy. 3) Execution Layers - Terminal Execution Units: Contains step motors, servers, control valves, aerodynamic hydraulics, etc., complete
(ii) downstream applications in the industrial control industry & customers?
(a) Oem-type markets: mainly for equipment manufacturing, control of discrete variables, with emphasis on accuracy;1 classic downstream industries: machine beds (25 per cent), electronics and semiconductors (12 per cent), textiles (7 per cent), batteries (6 per cent), elevators (5 per cent) etc.:
(a) Characteristics: high end-consumption orientation, more market-dependent demand pull, relatively high macroeconomic impact: market size: according to mir, the country ' s automated oem market in 2024 was about $100 billion in size, accounting for the domestic whole project market: mainly for plant-wide automation systems, control of continuous variables, and focus on control stability;
(1) Classic downstream industries: chemicals (26 per cent), municipal and public facilities (21 per cent), electricity (11 per cent), etc.; Characteristics: government capital expenditure oriented, investment-driven and relatively small by macroeconomic fluctuations Market size: according to mir data, domestic project-based automated market size in 2024 was about $190 billion, accounting for the country
Figure 66: Downstream composition of the oem market of $100 billion in 24 years - Figure 67: Downstream composition of the project market of $190 billion in 24 years
(iii) What are the core products of the industrial and regulatory sector, such as machine tools, electronics and semiconductors, textiles, batteries, elevators, etc., monochemicals, municipal and public facilities, petrochemicals, metallurgicals, etc., and what is the size of the market, respectively?
The plc, frequency changers, server systems are the core functions of the three core products of industrial control, each with logical control, power regulation and precision execution, and the three are working together to build the “decision-drivers-execution” of industrial automation, with the size of the domestic market in 2024 amounting to $130,342,206 million.
plc: (programmable controller) is the “brain” of the equipment automation/production line automation and process industry, which can control all types of machinery or production processes by numerical or analogue input/output (1/0). In general, the higher the number of 1/0 points, the more complex the control relationship, and the different number of i/o points, therc can be divided into small plcs (less than 256 points),
Medium plc (points in range 256-2048) and large plc (points in excess of 2048). Translaters: control of the speed of the exchange power by changing the working voltage and frequency of the exchange power to meet the equipment \triangleright
Capability, process speed, etc., usually used for general industrial application requirements with low performance indicator requirements for pursuing value for money. Different levels of input voltage are divided into medium- and low-voltage transformers (below 3kv), high-voltage transformers (3kv) and server systems: core components of automated movement control processes, which allow precision in speed, turn and position.
Rapid and stable controls, usually used in industries with high location accuracy requirements. Chart 68: Market size of major industrial automation equipment: plc, frequency changers, server system market size 130/342,206 million (iv) market patterns for core products — major competitors?
plc: a technology-intensive product with a low cost in the industrial control system but a high degree of stickyness on the part of its users, with Europe and the United States of America, led by the Westgate, currently holding almost a monopoly on a well-developed network of sales and services based on leading technological advantages plc (24 years, with a market share of 49.5 per cent, 13.0 per cent and 9.7 per cent respectively);
National producers (Segawa, Sinjea) have gradually infiltrated small and medium plc with high value for money, flexible business models and customized machine models in specific industries (Simon, Sichuan, Shinjia, top three in 24 years, with a market share of 36.5 per cent) and 4.3 per cent (9.5 per cent, respectively).
Frequency transformers: Domestic head companies (Sinkuan, British Wetten, Weibo Electric, etc.) optimized cost structures through modular design, deepened industry process understanding, achieved differentiated breakthroughs in low- and medium-pressure areas, particularly in the Oem market, where 63 per cent of rapid-transactions were used, and in the Sinkuan, abb, Siemens, which ranked third with 18.6 per cent, 18.1 per cent and 15.1 per cent respectively.
Server systems: relatively high technology thresholds as a key link in sophisticated sports control, with foreign brands forming ecological barriers in high-end areas based on pre-eminence \triangleright; indigenous manufacturers (Sinkagawa, Rezai, Sinje, etc.) self-researching through core components
The value-added advantage is based on a deep understanding of the domestic manufacturing landscape, which is a process of accelerated replacement in high-growth sectors such as 30 and lithium electricity. For 24 years, the domestic server system was 59 per cent, with Sichuan, Siemens, and Matsuko being the top three, with cities accounting for 28.3 per cent, 9.7 per cent, and 7.1 per cent, respectively.
Figure 70: Small domestic market pattern of plc 2024: Siemens, Sinks, Sichuans, Shintos, top three: Figure 71: Low-pressure transformer market pattern 2024: Sinkkawa,
(i) What are the main definitions of the new energy vehicle operation (power-driven + power source)?
The power system for new energy vehicles is a highly integrated system that integrates components of power-driven and power-based systems, equivalent to engines and transformer tanks that burn oil tankers, with the core function of converting electricity into mechanical energy, with the product performance having a critical impact on the drive capacity of the entire vehicle, its useful life, safety in driving, comfort, etc.
Power-driven systems: determines the accelerator capacity of electric cars, energy conversion efficiency, driving smoothness, power safety, etc. \triangleright, the main performance indicators. Core components include power control, motors, and slowers.
The core components include vehicle chargers (obc), dc/dc converters, high voltage distribution units (pdu).
(ii) Downstream, how large is the new power-driven + power industry? In 2024, we sold more than 12 million new energy vehicles, taking into account that the unit price of the total product was lower than the total unit price of the spare parts.
Measured on a single vehicle value of 0.7.0 million yuan (including obc, dcdc, pdu) for the total three-drive component of new energy vehicles (including electrical controls, motors, decelerations)/triple-power component (including obc, dcdc, pdu), the total market size of new energy vehicles in the country in 24 years is approximately 856,36.7 billion yuan.
(iii) New energy vehicle power drive & power market pattern & main competitor? Our new energy motor system players are mainly divided into independent third-party suppliers and mainframe companies:
Independent third-party suppliers: provide high-value \triangleright power system products based on a full-scale, platform-based development capability for all car mills. Such companies develop efficient and innovative capabilities to respond quickly to customer diversification needs
In order to meet the tight development cycle of the entire plant, but also to provide spare parts support to the mainframe subsidiary, it can effectively spread market risks with multi-carrying, multi-brand demand.
\triangleright tends to have more vertical integration advantages, products are more compatible with the whole structure and there is a high degree of synergy in product customization development; however, in order to reduce the risk of capital asset investment and diversification, host plant subsidiaries usually also come from third-party suppliers.
In terms of competitive patterns, power sources are dominated by domestic competition and power-driven by foreign capital. Currently, except for Biadi, Tesla, which integrates through vertical supply chains, spare parts and total full-volume self-manufacturing, the main plant is bulk-exhibiting the core components, such as electron rotors, power controls, power sources, and the total power control/drivers/0bc.
The overall concentration is relatively high, with a share of cr10 exceeding 70%. 7.3 elevator operations (control systems and large electrical appliance solutions) (i) elevator parts are mainly composed? Industry downstream applications & customers?
The upper chain of the elevator manufacturing industry consists mainly of basic raw materials and elevator parts. The elevator parts include electrical control systems, door systems, elevator diversion systems, safety protection systems, electrical drag systems, elevator drag systems, etc. The elevator components of the various systems have developed into mature and well-defined subdivisions.
Midstream is dominated by the manufacture of various types of elevator products, currently represented in the U.S. and E. International branded elevator manufacturers such as Otis, Tishengampor, Yinda, Toshiba and others, which account for the vast majority of the global market and account for 60-65 per cent of the domestic market; downstream application markets include residential property, commercial property, old building renovations, basics.
(ii) What is the size of the elevator parts industry? Market patterns & main competitors? By the end of 2023, we had 1,063,000 elevators and 1.49 million elevators nationwide in 2024.
With a value of about $10-15 million, spare parts account for 40-50% of the value of the elevators, and given the need for new elevator purchases, old elevators and replacements, we expect that the size of the national elevator parts industry will exceed $80 billion in 24 years. The elevator parts industry is a fully competitive market, and the elevator parts and components manufacturing industry includes the shares of the stock of the Xining, the peonies technology, and the Mitsubishi industry.
Precision, Hua-Hunt, etc.: The elevator control component suppliers include pelican technology, synchronous technology, new timing, British Witten, etc. 7.4 Orbital traffic operations (trading system) (i) main definition of a track towed system? What are the core components?
The orbital transport industry covers planning design, core parts, vehicle manufacturing, operating security, etc., and the core parts include, inter alia, auto systems, electrical systems, turnover systems, towed systems, and control systems. The orbital towed system is the power source for urban orbital traffic trains, which perform key functions for power conversion and power output, and the system is drawn by tractors, auxiliary transformers, etc.
Core components such as high voltage boxes, tractors, tcms (train control and management systems) comprise not only the ability to accurately control the dynamic performance of trains, such as acceleration/breathing, but also the recovery of brake energy to enhance energy efficiency, ensuring the safety and reliability of trains in complex operating environments, which is a “dynamic heart” that guarantees efficient, low-carbon, accurate orbital traffic.
(ii) Downstream situation? What is the size of the industry? Depending on the planning approval cycle, the pace of construction, etc., there is cyclical fluctuations in the bidding for the Trail-Training System. In 2024, a total of 15 cities across the country completed the bidding for the Trail-Trailing System for 35 lines, involving a total of 3666 vehicles, compared to the same number.
On the market space side, assuming that the average price of the winning bid for the transhipment system is 1.3 million won/car unchanged, looking at the country as a whole, the market size of the inter-trading traction system is about 6 billion yuan. (iii) The market pattern of the transhipment system & the main competitor?
The market for the country's rail-trading system is “exceedingly strong,” with a 50-60-per-cent absolute share in the country's market. For the first six consecutive years in 19 years, it has been on the top of the list of companies on the towed system, with its core advantages covering the mainstream landscape of the subway, light tracks, and so on.
(i) Industrial robots are the main definition? Industrial robots are downstream applications & customers?
The industrial robot industry chain is divided from top to bottom into core parts, robotics, systems integrators. Core components: Controls, servers, decelerations: 1 controller: about 20% of robotic costs -
\triangleright 25%, home-grown producers are autonomous, but most of them have to buy third-party products at relatively easy cost Difference: 2 servers: about 25-30% of robotic costs. High-end dependence on imports. Medium- and low-end markets are self-sustaining
Cover; 3 deceleration machines: about 25-30 per cent of robotic costs, high market concentration, high-end market for foreign products Robotic body: players include four major families (abb, Farnako, Ancheon power, Kuka) with advantages in robots, wide load range, high product line coverage; mainstream domestic firms include Eston, Sichuan technology, etc.
The industries supported by national production policies, such as lithium, photovoltaic, etc., are better off than foreign firms, and medical, educational, etc., are differentiated paths for domestic home-based enterprises. Systems integrators: manufacturers responsible for secondary development of robotic applications and the integration of peripheral automation equipment to help machines
In terms of market concentration, the pattern of integrated competition is extremely fragmented and multi-tailored. In terms of downstream industry demand, it can be divided into four main sections of electronics, automobiles, new energy and general industry, with electronics (21%), automobile parts and components (16%) and metal products (12%) being the first three sub-sections.
(ii) Size of the market for industrial robots? What are the specific classifications? By structural pattern, the most common industrial robots currently consist of four main joints (20kg6-axis,20kg6-axis), scara, delta (co-operative), cobots (collaborative).
In 24 years, according to the China Industrial Research Institute, the domestic market for industrial robots was more than $70 billion. Multiband robots: industrial robots that imitate the structure of human arms, usually composed of six rotating joints, were divided into light.
\triangleright (~20kg) and reload (>20kg) are flexible and load-wide features that are mainly applied in new energy, automobiles, electronics, metalworking, etc.
Scara robots: Horizontal multiband robots with 4 degrees of freedom (3 rotation axes plus 1 vertically moving axle), special \triangleright designed for plane positioning and vertical assembly with low-cost, high-stability features, mainly for 30 electrons,
A combination of robotics with two or more degrees of freedom, connected by motion platforms (end-of-pipe implementers) and fixed platforms (baselines) over at least two separate motion chains, and driven by a combination of high accuracy and speed, master
To be applied to food processing, pharmaceutical packaging, logistics sorting, etc. Cooperative robots: safe robots that can share workspaces with humans, with flexible deployments, safety, etc., \triangleright
Mainly applied to the scenes of flexible production lines, medical aids, experimental automation, etc. Figure 86: Domestic industrial robots marketed more than 294,000 in 2024 Chart 87: Industrial robots consist mainly of polycoals, scara, delta
Four (and combined), cobots (collaborative), four (iii) patterns of the market for industrial robots – the main competitor? The global industrial robots are dominated by four major families, namely, the Japanese Development Bank, the Japanese Angawa electric power plant, the German Kuka, and the Swiss abb.
Since 2015, as technology matures and scales production effects further highlight the cost advantage, the share of the domestic producer market continues to break, taking over some foreign producers, except in the areas of auto parts, electronics, photovoltaics, lithium electricity, etc., and is also being actively laid into industries where the current robotic applications are small but with greater potential for future growth, such as:
In 24 years, the share of firms in the domestic industrial robot market rose to 52 per cent, with sales increasing by 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis, well above the rate of increase in the overall market, with the third largest suppliers in Eston, Sinkkawa and Everett accounting for 9.7 per cent, 8.9 per cent and 5.6 per cent, respectively.
Figure 89: China’s Industrial Robotic City in 24 years: Eston, Sumikawa Division, in second place, and III. Risks from the manufacturing downturn affecting automated operations: General Automated Operations related to industrial equipment, electronic manufacturing, engineering machinery
In many manufacturing industries, demand is linked to the depth of manufacturing performance as a whole. If economic recovery is weak or growth in manufacturing investment slows, it will have a direct impact on income growth and profit stability in corporate general automation operations.
The risk of uncertainty about the location of front-line technology development: companies are at risk for R & D investment in new and emerging areas such as human robots, if
Corporate R & D is not as fast as expected or competitors are able to pre-empt technical barriers through collaborative R & D, which weakens the value of companies’ forward inputs, thus affecting the corporate robotics’ overall business layout. Management risks associated with this expansion are: the size of the company’s assets, the size of its personnel, and the expanding scope of its operations to raise corporate governance.
There are higher requirements. If the company’s management capacity fails to match business development needs, it may affect the efficiency of the company’s operations and prevent the company’s strategic landing.