Wally Group (300979.sz) recorded positive performance growth in the fourth quarter, with rapid growth in new client orders throughout the year.
In 2023, the company's revenues had a negative impact on the company's orders, but the company's revenues had a significantly higher decline than its counterparts. The profitability remained stable, with a small decline of 0.3 to 25.6 per cent in the Māori rate, which was still higher in history.
The four-quarter growth in performance and sales has been positive. With most downstream branding having been largely completed in the fourth quarter, public revenue has recovered to be rising at a much faster rate than its counterparts, compared with +11.7 to +58.1 billion; net profit return is equal to +16.7 to +910 million; net interest rate is equal to +0.7 to 15.7 per cent.
Brand structure and product structure have led to a marked increase in unit prices. Disparity values show that companies sell 190 million pairs of sports shoes year-round, 13.9% of the year; unit prices are about $105.6 yuan, +13.6% of the year, and unit price increases are due to changes in brand structure and higher unit prices on the one hand, and higher unit prices on the other.
Four quarters, with 54 million pairs of sports shoes, the same year + 4.7%, the volume decline has been narrow since the 2023 season and has been positive for four quarters; the unit price has been about $101.3, the same year + 6.7%, the share of the top five clients has fallen to 82%, and the number of new clients has grown rapidly.
The revenue share was 82%, a 9% drop in the same year, while the income performance of the other three major clients was more robust due to the sharp decline in the orders of the two clients. In addition to the top five clients, particularly in recent years, the Wally Group (300979.sz) -- driven by a combination of volume prices, four quarters of which are expected to be the same.
Newto’s high-profile client orders grew rapidly, with total revenues doubling in 2023. Wally Group (300979.sz) – net profits fell by 6% in the third quarter, Māori rate rebounded. Wally Group (300979.sz) – sports brand core suppliers, driven by expansion
Investment Recommendations: Performance is better than that of peers, downstream brands are better off, and follow-up orders are warmer and more productive.
The decline in income in 2023 was narrow on a seasonal basis, with four quarters of income adverse, but based on the company's high-quality customer structure and deep binding with its clients, with new outreach.
The cost rate is almost equal, except for administrative costs, where it falls by 0.3 to 3.4 per cent, mainly as a result of reduced pay-for-performance charges. Business profits of $4.06 billion, i.e. 1.2 per cent, and business returns of 20.2 per cent. Brand structure and product structure have led to a marked increase in unit prices.
190 million pairs of shoes, 13.9 per cent of the year; unit value, approximately RMB 105.6, + 13.6 per cent of the year, unit price increases - on the one hand, from changes in brand structure and the share of high unit value products, and on the other hand, from exchange rate contributions, based on an annual average exchange rate of $15.0 per year per unit in United States dollar terms, +8.4 per cent of the year.
The share of top five clients dropped to 82%, and the number of new customers' orders grew rapidly. For clients, the top five clients earned 82%, or 9% less, while revenue continued to rise owing to the sharp decline in the two clients' orders.
Rapid growth was achieved with a doubling of total income in 2023.Roe fell and capital expenditure stabilized as a result of a decline in the turnover of accounts receivable.
The period dimension is expected to bring together 1-2 plants per year in Viet Nam and Indonesia, with capital expenditure expected to remain at RMB 1-15 billion per year. Figure 8: Net Corporate Asset Gains (roe)
Four quarters of performance and sales growth have been positive. With most downstream brands almost finished, company revenue recovery is on the rise, up from +11.7% to $5.81 billion, faster than their counterparts, and four quarters of SH$ manufacturing and manufacturing.
Fong-tae lost 11.9 per cent and 2.9 per cent, respectively; the mother ' s net profit was 910 million yuan, plus 16.7 per cent, and the net interest rate was split. The fourth-quarter company sold 5.5 million pairs of sports shoes, equal to + 4.7 per cent, from the first quarter of 2023, and the volume fell by a narrow season and was reversed by four quarters; the unit price was about 107.3 yuan, equal to + 6.7 per cent; and by season.
Figure 12: Quarterly changes in corporate performance
Core brand clients are at the end: from the stock of Nike, deeckers, vf, puma, ua, after about a year of stocking, five brands have experienced a significant decline in stock in the third to fourth quarters of 2023, and the fourth quarter of nike and deeckers have dropped to health levels close to the same period in 2019.
The monthly rate of improvement is positive: the annual rate of growth of 7 per cent and the positive rate of growth of the March US dollar harvest of the large sports shoe factory, and the expected moderate growth of the 2024 purchase order, and the pre-investment of the Yumoto manufacturing business, which is better than that of the partner, and the improvement of the downstream brand.
Watching follow-up orders warmer and output expansion support performance growth, downstream brands cut down on suppliers in 2023, companies driven by both better orders than their peers and higher unit prices, and revenue fell significantly better than their peers in 2023 throughout the year, taking the lead in four quarters.
In recent years, companies have continued to document the logic of volume growth, regardless of the prevailing demand in the industry. After a short period of time with downstream brand clients, the company’s fundamentals and future orders are expected to warm back on a seasonal basis, with firm orders and performance growth in 2024.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author