For the first time ever, Wally Group (300979.sz) has covered the world’s leading professional shoe manufacturers. Wally Group, which has been working for more than 20 years, has been active for more than 20 years.
Collaboration client, providing design and manufacturing clothing for globally renowned sports brands such as nike, convers, vans, puma, ug, columbia, Koon Tianjin underarmour, hokaoneone, etc.
The company actually controls the family, the founder, with 87.48% of shares in the family. The equity structure is centralized and managed efficiently.
Out, the production process is complex, brand customers have a high threshold for selecting suppliers, and the number of suppliers is gradually falling to the head. The global shoe-coating consumer market is growing steadily, the sports shoe plate is growing rapidly, the Chinese market is growing rapidly and has great potential. The Chinese shoe-coating industry is competitive, the market potential is high, and the industry is permeating.
Core competitiveness: low-cost + strong R & D + high-yielding high-quality clients are deeply tied to clients: corporate sales clients are mainly globally renowned sports brand operators, and customer resources are of high quality.
The Division maintains a long-term and stable partnership with the top five customers, such as Nike, through sales framework contracts and sales orders, and the volume of nike purchases from companies has steadily increased. The company has a more balanced client structure and more stable operations than some major competitors.
To work with new clients in a practical way, to adhere to the customer strategy of the Quality Multi-Correspondent Model, and to work toward becoming a core supplier to an already existing client, it is hoped that it will work with a high-quality brand in the country. The research and development end: a company that values the development of systems, has established a full-fledged business innovation process.
The company’s multi-type core production technology industry leads, and the production of products reduces efficiency gains and converts many R & D outcomes.
In order to enhance sports and leisure shoe production, the company has changed the weaving shoe surface extension project to a production base project in Indonesia. Taking into account changes in political conditions in Myanmar,
In the first half of 2024, the company anticipated two new factories in Viet Nam (a finished shoe factory and a half-finished shoe-side, soles, etc.)
Plants, a new plant in Indonesia (finished shoe factory) will be gradually put into production. Automation: the company uses a model of separation between branding operations and manufacturing, and the company has more advanced design equipment and automated production equipment to facilitate the development of production efficiency optimization, thereby reducing production productivity.
The company continues to promote automation and technology adaptation in various production plants. 1. Wally Group: the world ' s leading professional shoe manufacturer, 1.1 Company Profile: Deep Farming, Prosperous Shoe Stadium Manufacturing, active development cooperation clients for more than 20 years.
Wally Group is a professional manufacturer of sneakers. Wally Group, fully known as China-San-Walley Industries, Inc., was founded in September 2004 and is mainly involved in the development design, production and marketing of shoe-shoes, leading global sports-shoe designs, manufacturers, and the provision of design and production (odm) services for globally recognized sports brands.
The company provides development design and manufacturing services for globally renowned sports brands such as nike, converse, vans, puma, ug, columbia, undersarmour, hokaoneone, etc. The main products include sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots, sports sandals/slippers, etc.
The company’s management headquarters and its development and design centre are located in Mid-Mount Guangdong, its manufacturing plants are located in Vietnam, Dominega, and Myanmar, and its trading centres are located in Hong Kong, Nakayama, and Taiwan. More than 100,000 employees of the company are performing 200 million pairs of shoes a year, and they are the world’s leading manufacturers and strategic partners in many of the world’s well-known brands of sports shoes.
1.2 Product description: Focus sports leisure shoes and overseas customers Company sports leisure shoes, outdoor boots, sports sandals/slippers “three-line parallels.” The main products of the Wally Group are sports shoes, including sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots, sports sandals, slippers, etc.
Running shoes, walking shoes, basketball shoes, football shoes, board shoes, leisure shoes, etc.; outdoor boots cover snow boots, mountain climbing boots, footwalking shoes, recreational wool boots, etc.: sports sandals, sports sandals, sports slippers, leisure sandals, leisure slippers, etc.
Other industry companies close to the powers of the Wally Group include the Toyota Enterprise, Xiqi International, and the Xuwon Group. The Toyota Enterprise, which was established in 1971 as a major business in the manufacture of sneakers, is based in the Yun Lin Science and Technology Park, where production plants are located in China, Viet Nam, Indonesia and India, and where the production of sneakers accounts for the main client, nike.
One sixth of the global sales volume. Xiqi International was established in 1995 as a major business in the development and production of a variety of professional sports shoes and specialized anti-shoes with a high technical content, formerly Taiwan Xiqi Enterprises Ltd., with its operating headquarters.
The Yun Lin Science and Technology Industrial Park, which has been established in China, Viet Nam and Cambodia, has been established in 1988 by the Xuwon Group, which is primarily engaged in the manufacture of sports and civilian shoes, with brand clients including Nike, Adidas, Reebok, Newbalance, asics, Timberland, Rockport, etc.
In China, Indonesia, Viet Nam, the United States, Mexico, and other Asian regions, the ownership structure is 1.3: the founder family has a relatively stable equity structure of 87.48 per cent.
By the end of 2023, the main shareholders of the Wallies Group included the Junyo Group (84.85%), the Nakayama Group (2.63%) and others. The issuers actually took control of the Zhang Zhenbu family.
The firm has a clear, stable, centralized equity structure that enhances corporate decision-making. The company's core management structure is clear, stable, long-term, shoe-making and management experience. The company's management team is stable and has extensive industry experience.
In addition, for more than 50 years, the company actually controls the work of the Zhang Zhenbu family in the development and manufacture of shoes, has a profound understanding of the industry, and has built a mature business system that is conducive to sound corporate decision-making and decision-making.
The company has a well-established internal management system, operating a regulated and efficient management system. The company has a regulated process system and a systematic staff training system. Since its inception, the company has developed a deep-seated shoe-shoe manufacturing industry, and has gradually developed and improved its business process system, basic internal control norms and modernity.
In addition, the company has put in place a process-wide quality management system to ensure that products meet customer product quality standards and requirements from raw material inputs to final finished products.
2.1 The chains of the sports shoe industry are characterized by a distinct pattern of operations, by function and by the appearance of the shoes, which can be divided into three main categories: shoes, sneakers, special shoes, etc. Shoes provide support and protection to the feet, reduce the impact of dimpled, rough or sharp contact surfaces, and other basic protective features.
In addition to being able to wear fashion, people choose to wear different shoes according to function and style on different occasions. In terms of composition, the shoes are basically set up by shoes, mattresses, seismos (which are not required), the bottom table, the bottom floor, the sports shoe plates in the shoes of Wally's main attack, and the sneakers are designed according to the characteristics of people's participation in sports.
The sneakers are functional, with emphasis on buffers, tremors, sliders, high-balls, power drives, and, at the same time, the sneakers are integrated into a large number of living, leisure and fashioned design elements, making the sneakers fit not only in specific sports, but also in everyday life, and the sneakers are well carried by consumers to function,
The sports shoe performance industry chain consists of raw material suppliers, branders, manufacturers, conduits, and the Wally Group is located in the manufacturer’s position. The upstream raw materials sector includes textiles, leather, rubber, and chemical four major industries: medium tourism.
For the production chain, participants include sporting shoe branders and sports shoe manufacturers; downstream are mainly sales rings, including sports brand direct sellers and sports shoe retailers.
Camp-manufacturing separation models and branding and manufacturing as one model. Currently, the Wally Group and many of the world’s well-known sports-shoe brands use branding and manufacturing-separation models, with a few adopting branding and manufacturing-integrated models, with some firms adopting both models, such as sports, special steps, etc.
2.2 High-brand customer threshold for manufacturing barriers Technical characteristics: The process of production of sneakers is complex, with more than 180 processes. From the production process, shoes are made from raw materials such as fabrics, leathers, etc.: fabrics, eva, etc.
Shape them into shoe pads; use rubber, chemical materials to make bottom tables, large bottoms, etc.. After shoe surfaces, mattresses, bottom tables, top floors are ready for production, post-sequencing production takes place. After the process of puncture, glue, etc. in the pre-form, glue, drying, etc. in the middle of the model, and the process of cold glue or sulfurization in the back of the model is followed by the formation of finished shoes, and the quality of the process is verified.
Customer characteristics: brand customers select a high threshold for suppliers and the number of suppliers is declining. Globally known mobile shoe companies focus on their development capacity, production capacity, speed when selecting manufacturers.
Rapid response capacity, bulk production capacity, and product quality performance. For new manufacturers, branders usually carry out visits and tests for about a year, while when manufacturers become qualified suppliers, only a small number of orders can be obtained at the beginning, followed by rigorous quality control and continuous evaluation by brands over a long period of time.
At the same time, as a result of public-health security events, the stock of products of sports shoe branders has risen, head brands have begun to streamline the number of suppliers, more likely to work with suppliers that perform well on the opposite side of quality.
2.3 The fast-growing market potential of the leisure shoe industry is high. The global market for shoe-coating consumption is growing steadily. According to the statista data, the global market for shoe-coating rose to $382 billion in 2022, and the projected market size from 2023 to 2028 is also growing steadily, with growth rates remaining constant.
Between 2020 and 2022, the combined global shoe-fixing market grew by about 5.53%, as can be seen from the global shoe-exercise industry returning to a warmer pace in the wake of public safety and health events. The sports shoe plate was growing rapidly, with the sports and leisure shoe plate increasing the most.
The growth rate of sports and leisure and professional sports shoes from 2022 to 2028 was 35 per cent and 28 per cent, respectively, in the first and second places in the shoe compartments, higher than other footwear, and the global sports and leisure shoe industry had already achieved market size of $629,756.1,727.2 billion, respectively, during the year.
Since 2020, public health security events have put short-term pressure on the sport, the leisure shoe industry, which has gradually recovered in 2021. Beginning in 2023, the global market size of shoes is projected to gradually shift from a high rate of growth in recent years to a moderate growth rate of 5% per year.
In addition to the short-term pressure on the annual sports and leisure shoe market, which is affected by public health security events, China’s sneakers market is rising rapidly. In 2022, the domestic sneakers market reached $15.6 billion, a growth rate of 22.84% compared to the previous year.
According to the data from the statista, China has about one-sixth of the United States, one-fourth of the United Kingdom and one-half of Germany, and there is still much room for growth. In 2022, China has only 0.16 pairs of sports shoes per capita.
Per capita ownership implies a greater market potential, providing enterprises with an expanded market share and increased sales. 2.4 Dragonheads seek the transfer of the whole chain layout extension shoe centre to China’s shoe-shoe industry, which is highly competitive, with the surrogates focusing on the extension of the entire shoe chain.
With mature manufacturing infrastructure, large-scale labour and extensive experience, it has been one of the main manufacturing bases in the shoe-coating industry. Substitutes such as the domestic market, the Bozo industry, the Chinese shoe industry, the Golden Empire, the Eastern Shoe industry, and the Twin-Swipe Company have all taken the lead. These well-known surrogates have been able to integrate the supply chain vertically.
Many enterprises actively expand their free retail channels and work to build their own shoe brands. Such a strategic shift can enhance the value added and market competitiveness of firms.
Migration is influenced and constrained by a number of factors, including labour resources, raw materials supply, the policy environment and marketing markets, among which labour resources are one of the most important, industry is constantly shifting to countries and regions rich in labour resources, and the shoe industry is now moving to South-East and South-East Asian countries, including Viet Nam, India, Indonesia, Myanmar and others.
In 2019, Asia produced 87.4% of shoes; followed by South America, with 4.7% of the potential of China’s sneakers market, with a steady increase in industry penetration.
China’s annual penetration rate of professional sports shoes is 17%, well below 29% in the United States, and the penetration rate of Chinese sports products is expected to continue to rise. As public income levels rise, sports and consumer awareness increase, China’s market size for sneakers has the potential to expand significantly, creating favourable market conditions for the emergence of domestic brands.
Core competitiveness: Low Cost + Strong R & D + High-yielding Quality Clients Deeply Binding 3.1 Heads of Clients with High Quality and Solid New Clients for Sustained Development Corporate Sales Clients are predominantly Global Prominent Campaign Brand Operators. Client Resources High Quality. Through Long-term Stability
Operating, the company, with its many years of sedimentation in terms of design development, good product quality, large-volume supply capacity and rapid response capacity, has accumulated valuable resources of world-renowned sports shoe customers, collaborating with top ten brands in several major sports clothing markets. According to the company’s offer, the companies are Nike, vf, deeckers,
Puma, Columbia andunderarmour are the major suppliers of shoe-gagging products from global brands such as Converses, ug, vans, puma, columbia, hokaoneone and Colehaan.
The company maintains long-term and stable cooperation with the top five clients through sales framework contracts and sales orders.
Cooperation. 2017-2020h1, due to the impact of corporate production on scale, the availability, stability, maturity of major raw materials and energy supplies, skilled production personnel, effective control of production costs, the Department ' s continued growth in sales to the top five clients, stable and sustainable sales revenues, and, above all,
The Māori rate of sales of products is more stable. The client structure of the company is more balanced and stable than that of some of the major competitors. In 2023, the income of the company from the top client, Nike, was 37.83%, while in 2022 Fongtai came from Nike.
With revenues exceeding 80%, the performance of Fontaine is more likely to be affected by a particular customer problem than that of the Walle Group. The Walle customer structure is generally characterized by a “too many” pattern, with no major dependence on a single customer, which is conducive to spreading risk, stabilizing revenues, and widening market shares, and increasing marketing opportunities and revenue.
In terms of net purchases, the company ' s procurement is much lower than that of Fong-tae, indicating that the company still has much room for improvement.
The company is expected to increase its operating income by raising its head brand’s share of the company’s purchases. The company works with new customers through a full and mature marketing process.
When a cooperative intent is reached, the client certifies the company’s production plant qualifications, etc., and after obtaining the customer’s supply certification, the company enters into a framework contract with the client.
The company adheres to its “quality multi-client model” client strategy, is committed to becoming a core supplier of existing clients, and is expected to enter into a partnership with the country’s high-quality brand. For older clients, the company is expected to be the first customer.
The share of nike has increased further, mainly because of company-specific products that match the needs of nike, and leisure shoes and jogging shoes account for a large share of nike, which is a priority area for the company. For new customers, the size of the company’s future orders will depend on the market size of the new customer’s brand.
According to client orders, productive capacity is actively expanded, and companies are expected to lead a high-quality country with 3.2 experience-rich R & D industry, where it is possible to do so. Companies are focused on developing systems and have established full-fledged business innovation processes.
Independent Development Operations Centre, which includes the Department of Development, the Department of Operations, the Department of Testing, the Department of Technology and the Department of Sample Materials Procurement.
The Ministry of Technology consists mainly of the soles of the shoe, the face of the shoe, the samples and the technology conversion department. The Ministry of Technology is responsible for the production of samples, the support of production technologies, the standardization and improvement of production processes, etc., which are relevant to the production process; the procurement of sample materials is primarily responsible for the procurement of materials, and the Department of Testing is responsible for the testing of raw materials.
The company constantly integrates automated technology in product development and manufacturing.
Discreet, deeply involved in the development of shoe-coating design processes, making creative design products available to brand clients, and actively developing higher performance, more comfortable, and more environmentally friendly shoe-making materials. Automation technologies for corporate innovation and integration include the development of design technologies, new materials technologies, production processes, and automated production technologies.
The company has a leading industry in a variety of core production processes, where production efficiency gains have resulted in many R & D transformations. In the production process, the company uses cold glue, sulfide, 3d printing, digitalization, laser cutting, and other advanced manufacturing techniques.
Technology, core technology, mainly in the manufacture of molds, soles, etc., as well as shoe-face weaving, preparation, etc., which satisfy product diversity, functionality, individualization, and increase productivity and reduce production. There were technological disputes. As of 31 December 2023, companies had been authorized to patent 139 items, of which inventions were specialized.
Corporate R & D investment has stabilized, and the number of R & D personnel has been increasing year by year. In 2018-2023, Wally Group R & D costs helped drive technological innovation, develop new products, and help companies to create new ones and maintain market leadership.
The company’s productive capacity is progressing well, and it is expected to continue to climb. The company’s investment in most of the expansion projects is in line with expectations, including the Viet Nam Honfu Project, the Viet Nam Shanghai Project, the Viet Nam Licheuan Project, the Viet Nam Hirohin Project, and the Viet Nam Young-hoon Project. Based on the expected orders, the company has reached its intended operational status in Viet Nam, Myanmar, and Viet Nam.
In order to upgrade the production capacity of sports leisure shoes, the company changed the weaving of shoes to a construction project for a production base in Indonesia. As a result of the changing trend in the prevalence of sports leisure shoes and the development of footwear, the company expects to weave shoes over the next few years.
The demand for sneakers is relatively stable, and the company’s knitting and face-to-face capacity can largely meet the demands of current customers’ orders. As health awareness increases and sports culture prevails, and sports and leisure shoes are in high demand, companies need to upgrade their sneakers to relieve pressure on production, which is no longer sufficient to meet the rapid growth in client orders.
Given the political changes in Myanmar, the international economic situation, the ease of disbursement of funds and the efficiency of the use of funds, companies have reduced some of the funds raised and invested in the construction of the Indonesian shoe-laying production base (phase II). As a result of the political changes in Myanmar, investment in the Sichuan project in Myanmar has been slow, and the current exchange of the Myanmar currency against the United States dollar and the renminbi is slow.
The high volatility of the rate, and the more stringent foreign exchange controls adopted by the Government of Myanmar, has left the Sichuan project in Myanmar inactive. Given the long implementation cycle of the information system upgrade project, and given the ease of disbursement of funds and the efficiency of the use of the funds raised, the company plans to continue to invest its own funds from abroad in the information system upgrade project.
In order to meet the need for rapid growth in future client orders, the company will build factories in Indonesia to continuously upgrade the production capacity of sports and leisure shoes. Indonesian factories are geographically superior, leading to higher production capacity.
According to the Portuguese Shoes Association, in 2019, Indonesia was ranked fourth in global shoe-laying production, followed by China, India, and Viet Nam. Indonesia is rich in natural resources, rich in labour resources, low labour costs, steady economic growth, and, through the construction of new factories in Indonesia, can further expand the capacity of companies and decentralize production.
Risks are concentrated at the base. In Indonesia, where two phases of the plant are expected to produce a combined capacity of 50-60 million bingo/year, in the first half of 2024, the company expects two new plants in Viet Nam (a finished shoe factory and a semi-finished factory of footwear, soles, etc.) and a new plant in Indonesia (a finished shoe factory) to be gradually operational.
3.4 Scaled and automated production + rational use of locational advantages to reduce production costs Companies use branding and manufacturing-separate models that focus on professional shoe-fixing. Companies are commissioned to design and develop products in accordance with branding requirements under branding and manufacturing-separated models.
And make professional advice, form product programs and complete specific orders, and brand operators focus on brand value formation, marketing, and product design, thereby increasing consumer acceptance and loyalty to brands. Branders and manufacturers have a professional division of labour that promotes specialization and scalability of production.
The scale and specialization of production helps companies to reduce costs. Companies are one of the world's largest players in sports shoes, and the purchase of raw materials is large and stable. Large-scale purchases can effectively reduce the cost of purchasing raw materials. Scaled production reduces unit manufacturing costs.
Production efficiency has been improved, reducing the manual cost of a unit of product; the scalability of a company has reduced the administrative and marketing costs of a unit of product.
The company has more advanced design and automated production equipment, which helps to optimize production efficiency and thereby reduce production costs. For example: 1 as one of the few companies in the sports shoe-shoe manufacturing industry that can make their own knitting of shoes, the company uses all of the computer-weaveed shoe-shoe production equipment to make the company ' s shoe-shoe production more efficient.
Upgraded and significantly reduced costs;2 use of auto-bed rubber ejectors to automatically shoot formations, step-by-step replacement of traditional artificial heat pressure to produce rubber floors, where more than 60 per cent of the company ' s manufacturing equipment is now automated, with rapid efficiency gains and a significant reduction in the number of workers employed;3 use of advanced industrial machinery arms
The glue system, which uses computer programming to control the movement of the mechanical arm, allows for precision coating of shoes with glue, effective upgrading of the quality of the shoes and reduction of the amount of effort used.
These initiatives have increased the stability of product quality, while increasing productivity and productivity.
4. Profit forecasting and valuation.
Outdoor footwear: historical increases in examination rates and industry as a whole, assuming a 24-26-year rate of income growth in international trade risks: companies engage in global international trade, involving a number of countries and regions, and major raw materials are procured and products delivered through international trade. Geopolitical risks, economic environment in major importing countries
Significant changes in consumption demand or weakening, and major changes in trade policies in importing and exporting countries could have important implications for the development of public business.
But transnational operations are influenced by policies in different countries and regions, and political situations, barriers to trade, economic crises, even sudden events affect the development of companies, which in turn affect their productive expansion plans The risk of rising labour costs: shoe-fixing is a labour-intensive industry, and human costs are a heavy burden on production costs
The company’s main production base is in Viet Nam, where the labour force is sufficient and the cost of manpower is relatively low, but as the Vietnamese economy continues to grow and more firms transfer manufacturing links to Viet Nam, the labour cost in Viet Nam is rising. If the company fails to respond effectively to the challenges posed by the rising cost of labour, it is reasonable that the company will not be able to do so.
Planning and layout will have a negative impact on the profitability of the company’s operations. Client concentration risks: the company’s main clients are globally known businesses, such as nike, vf, deeckers, puma, and underarmour, with a relative concentration of customers.
We predict the company’s future performance, based mainly on assumptions about the growth rate and changes in the Māori rate. If the actual business situation does not match the assumptions, the profit forecast results will be similar.
For 2024 performance, we use the largest share of recreational sports products, and if the annual rate of increase in recreational sports falls by 1 pct, the net profit for the mother falls by 300 million yuan (0.77 pct).
Confucius, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and Northeast University of the United States, have research experience in the United States stock market and domestic bond market, and are good at exploring investment opportunities in the consumer sector, and analyze their own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or verbal commitment to share the return on securities investment or to share the losses of securities investment is not valid.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.