Wally Group (300979.sz) - High barriers to deep-dry tracker shoes, high-yielding value for order production.
The Wally Group is \triangleright \triangleright.
The world's leading professional shoe-coating manufacturer, deep-farmer industry, has accumulated $135,505,2404003 in shoe-coating development, design, production, sales-related business experience, and numerous downstream head campaign brand customer resources, with competition barriers.
High; in addition, the scale effect and efficient management of corporate marketing, management, etc., are well managed, with a steady increase in research and development inputs to improve business efficiency and secure long-term profits. The development of the sneakers industry, coupled with the recovery of customer replenishment needs, is expected to boost firm orders.
\triangleright end, corporate order restoration comes from three main drivers: 1) market development for sneakers; 2) downstream branding to end the banking cycle to switch orders from the left to the right; 3) demand for better-growing brand orders
On the side of the supply of orders, the company 2024q1 has announced the commissioning of two new shoe-fixing plants, which will release capacity and promise to absorb additional customer demand. The company’s future plans for the placement of new plants are stable, with a stable capacity utilization and sales rate in the form of “cut-off” and a long-term period of increased performance.
Business management industry leads, customers and product structure upgrades contribute to the increase. Company sales and management rates often \triangleright and the rational use of location advantages lead to efficient operations management and help companies to efficiently control tariffs and drive them.
In addition, the structure of the customer and substitute product determines the average price of the sale of the product, which in recent years has been increasing in terms of the share of products and high-quality customers in the company, driving the company’s productasp to move up.
\triangleright, with strong growth in industry demand, high levels of Maori operating in scale and globalization, and a product of 20.7 x per year, taking into account the fact that corporate size and profitability in globalization are better than companies,
\triangleright, Jo-hung as a comparable company, averaged 23.0 x in 2024, Wally Group 2024, p 1) sports and leisure shoes: in combination with company product asp upgrades, downstream customers gradually entering the replenishment phase, new company plants
2) Outdoor boots: maintaining high levels of performance in combination with outdoor heat and company co-clients Hoka, onrunning, etc.
The pace has been stable, and new plants have recently been put into operation have led to growth in productive capacity, which is expected to drive up production and sales. At the profit end: changes in client and product structure have led to product-asp upgrades, efficiency in management, R&D efficiency, and cost-added pricing to ensure a steady increase in corporate profits.
Risks of change in the international situation; risk of increased labour costs; poor repair of customer demand; high barriers to deep farming across the market options; high competitive barriers to operating efficient profits in the 1.1 deep farming industry; and stable equity concentration structures
The Wally Group was established in September 2004 to focus on shoe-shoe development, design, production, and marketing, and to serve as the world’s leading shoe manufacturer. From service clients, after years of sedimentation, the company has been working with Nike, Converse, vans, and others since 1995.
Puma, ug, columbia, underarmour, hokaoneone, etc. Global head campaign brands work closely together to provide development design and manufacturing services; in terms of development planning, with the establishment of the subsidiary, Jungchuan, Viet Nam, in 2005, the company formalized its business chain transfer strategy and continued to refine the industry chain layout to “globalize,
Business as a whole is linked to “business diversification.” The company's deep-drawn shoes and fast-tracking, with a delivery volume of 100 million pairs in 2016 and 200 million pairs in 2021, create high competitive barriers to the capacity of a broad and high-quality customer base and whole-of-business chain.
The company's ownership structure is highly concentrated. The company is controlled by the Zhang Xing Yin family, its chairman, Zhang Xingyuan, and Zhou Miyuki are married, and its deputy chairman, Zhang Ji Bong, and its director, Zhang Weng-sin, Zhang Yue Wei, are the children of Zhang Xing Yin, and five are effectively controlled by the company. As of 2023, the Zhang Xing Ying family held 87.48% of the shares of the Wally Group through the Junyo group and Nakayama.
The corporate equity structure is highly concentrated. Figure 2: Walli Group equity structure (as of the first quarter of 2024) Corporate management has had many years of deep-farming industry and extensive managerial experience.
Management experience provides companies with a sound and efficient internal management system. For more than 50 years, the Chairman and the founder of the group, Zhang Seong, have had experience in various related enterprises, such as brand trading, freight forwarders and shoe mills, and have had extensive management experience; the rest have many years of experience in co-operation and management, and have a large number of subsidiaries of the group.
Job experience, full knowledge of the corporate operating structure of the group, with some executives with research and development-related and production-related backgrounds that enable long-term planning for corporate development from a professional point of view. Group mothers, affiliates and functions are clearly located and operate efficiently and collaboratively.
There are 59 holding companies whose subsidiaries are located in mainland China (6), Hong Kong, China (21), Taiwan (2), Viet Nam (24), Indonesia (4), Dominica (1), Myanmar (1). The group has a clear division of functions among its mothers and subsidiaries and has collaborated in the creation of “China Shan as a centre of management and development design” in Hong Kong and China.
Mountain is a trading centre, with Viet Nam, China, Myanmar, Dominica as a processing manufacturing centre.” 1.2 Corporate finance is “effectively run for sale” and profit companies “for sale” and production operations are efficient. Since 2018, the company has been able to produce cagr for five years.
In 2023, under pressure from North American customers to go to stock, the company made a slight decline in its orders. According to the 24q1 financial report, with upstream campaign brand stock normal, the company’s orders resumed growth at 23q4, superseding production expansion expectations and increasing performance in the future.
While the trend in revenue and profit growth slowed in 2023 under the influence of overseas customers going to stock, in 2018-2023, the company collected 10.18% cagr, with a steady increase in net profit return cagr. As the disruptions subsided and the orders warmed, the company experienced a significant increase in the 24q1 crop and profit end ratio.
Sports and leisure shoe production is the company’s main business, with a high Māori production rate. In the company’s main business, a high Māori ratio, a high proportion of sports and leisure shoe production continues to be high and benefits from the company’s accumulated high-quality customer resources from years of deep cultivation in the industry, and sports and leisure shoe production was 14.16 per cent in 2018-2023.
Growth, the core driver of company growth in recent years. With the end of offshore stock and the company’s continuous development of new products, new customers, new demand, sports and leisure shoes are expected to continue the previously high trend, while other products, such as outdoor boots, are expected to grow in volume, together driving the growth of corporate revenue.
In addition, in recent years, companies have focused on research and development inputs.
The development of improved production equipment such as vr design systems, 3d printing equipment is expected to boost the efficiency of corporate-wide operations and the quality of product design. Corporate operations are efficient as a whole. Corporate stock turnover/receivables turnover has been maintained five times/seven times each in the last five years.
By and large, overall operations are smooth and efficient; in addition, the net operating cash flow is 7.45% for five years, and the net return on the mother is steadily increasing, with the firm’s overall net ratio in the upward trend. With the end of the client’s banking cycle leading to an expected increase in orders, the efficiency of the company’s operations is expected to continue the positive trend.
2. At the industry level: The rapid growth of the sports industry, combined with customer replenishment needs, is driven by the rapid growth of the manufacturing industry, inflation and high stocks that have contributed to the recent growth of the world ' s sports industry, which is expected to grow steadily after business is back on track.
In 2023, according to wfsgi, the sporting goods market warmed back and the industry grew more marginal than ever; at the same time, regional developments divided into mature markets that were robust and fast-growing in emerging markets, including Latin America and Asia in 2022-2023.
In traditional markets, the consumption of sneakers has been accompanied by a steady rise in economic development in recent years. In the United States, for example, the world’s head-sport apparel consumption, in 2021, American disposable income rose to $561 million, and in 2015-2021, capr, to 495%, and the total market size for shoes increased to $72 billion (of which $45.5 billion was for shoes and $26.6 billion for clothing).
In emerging markets, economic development and a shift in health attitudes have accelerated spending on the consumption of sneakers.
The market China, for example, increased the disposable income of its residents to RMB 36.9 million in 2022, and the shift in the perception of economic development and health led to an increase in the number of participants and to an increase in spending on the consumption associated with sports clothing; according to the Egyptian media, the market in the country ' s sports apparel industry rose to RMB 385.58 billion in 2021 and to 14.99 per cent in 2015-2021.
The annual rate of growth is higher than the traditional market for sports clothing. Looking ahead, the market size of China’s sneakers industry is expected to increase to 5989 trillion by 2025, with an expected annual rate of 11.62% for the period 2021-2025. 2.2 Brand stock deconstructed successfully, and manufacturing end orders restored.
The inventory of downstream brand clients has been deconstructed. International maritime transport has been blocked during the epidemic, the sporting brand supply chain has become more uncertain, and in order to prevent ship-season uncertainty, brands have opened Christmas seasons in 2022 ahead of schedule and in excess, and many brands have reached extremely high levels in mid-2022 and have started the deposing cycle in 2023. Since the end of 2023, the campaign has been active.
The overall de-stocking of brands was in line with expectations, and the absolute value of inventories continued its downward trend over the course of several consecutive seasons and gradually moved to healthy areas. Figure 22: deeckersfy inventory down to $474 million by the end of 24, Figure 23: vffy inventory down to $1,766 million by the end of 24
Based on recent business trends in Taiwan, textile companies on the mainland are expected to recover their orders simultaneously. In 2022, under the global blackout, international brands overstocked 22h1 companies increased their orders and receipts significantly; with brands completing their stock-degradation cycle in 22 years, firms performed better than before.
The period is gradually falling; monthly business data at the end of the 23rd year show signs of a positive trend as stock is de-drawn. The recent business data side of the company reflects a trend towards the restoration of downstream brand end orders, and the performance of the mainland textile industry is expected to step up with 2.3 high-quality head brand development driving the upgrading of manufacturers’ orders.
In the sports apparel industry, the brand has a more rigorous selection system for upstream manufacturers, which determines their competence through a multi-dimensional survey of manufacturers’ combined capabilities, capacity development, production capacity, etc.
Only a small number of orders can be obtained, and there is a chance to become a long-term or core supplier in a cooperative state, through multiple dynamic appraisals by brand parties.
The number of orders from suppliers recognized by the head sports brand is more stable. The head sports are more rigorous in the selection of suppliers, but more sticky in the selection of high-quality suppliers: 1) the core suppliers of nike have remained high in recent years, of which the top four (both producing more than 10%) together accounted for 58% in 2023 in collaboration with 123 shoe factories.
2) In 2023, the initial screening rejection rate for suppliers from Adidas was around 29%, but it worked with 74% of suppliers over 10 years, with 38% over 20 years, and the share of long-term cooperative suppliers from companies has increased in recent years. As a result, quality suppliers are more likely to screen through brand companies and form long-term partnerships to build barriers to competition.
And it is hoped that stable orders will be secured from the end of branding companies over the long term. Figure 28: The combined output of the top four suppliers of nike in recent years has remained at around 60%.
It can be a major driver of the growth of manufacturers' orders, such as the rapid growth of hokaoneone under the deckers in recent years, the steady increase in sales by long-drivers, which increased to $1.413 billion in fy2019-fy2023, and to 58.63 per cent in cagr, which drove the deckers to maintain a compound growth rate of 15.75 per cent over the same period, thus also bringing company harvests.
High-speed developments in brands such as hoka have led to higher demand for orders and increased demand for orders from manufacturers.
3.1 Management is highly efficient and focused on R & D, profit growth is stable, subsidiaries are locally adapted, and the international distribution of chemical energy reduces corporate costs. The company insists on “the management and development of China Shan as a centre of design, Hong Kong and China as a trading centre, and Viet Nam, China, Myanmar, Dominica as a processing centre”.
“Strategic layout, making full use of the capital stock and financial center advantages of China and Hong Kong, China, by establishing development design and trade clearing centres, respectively, to expand the competitive advantage of competing firms. For production bases, the company’s main industry is labour-intensive, and therefore borrows lower human costs and preferences from Vietnam, Indonesia, Dominica, Myanmar, etc.
Land production and export policies, global layout of the company’s manufacturing base. The company’s decentralized production capacity reduces policy risks and lowers operating costs.
The impact of the decline in corporate orders, the efficiency of the production staff (caliber: actual production in the year/number of employees born at the end of the year) of the Wally Group units have shown an upward trend in recent years, and the company has been operating efficiently.
Research and development in science and technology is expected to help companies achieve further efficiency gains. According to company announcements, companies have invested around 200 million yuan annually in research and development at the end of the year. As of the end of 23 years, companies have been authorized to patent 139 patents, of which 20 are patented and three are copyrighted in software, with ongoing R & D producing results.
The application of new technologies at the end of production, such as two-coloured, different hard-shoeed integrated-forming technologies developed, reduces production processes while improving efficiency and quality. Sustained investment in research and development in science and technology is expected to optimize the company’s production chain and reduce efficiency gains while increasing the quality of its products.
Companies are leading in the marketing and management of tariffs. According to the offer, for example, Toyota Enterprises, Wallies Group sales and management rates are better: 1) concentration of capacity, Wallies are concentrated in Viet Nam, and Fontayr production is spread across mainland China, India, Indonesia, Viet Nam, etc., with greater administrative costs associated with larger management radiuss; 2) lower regional salaries, and Wally factories
The difference in pay costs, mainly in the lower-paying regions of the north, leads to differences in expenditure; (3) concentration of products, in addition to sports shoes, Fongtai involves a variety of products such as skates and skateboard boots, while Wally is more concentrated in shoe-fixing, so that staff is more concentrated and more efficient and less expensive to operate. The concentration of production-capacity products and the full use of regional advantages help companies to manage efficiently.
Cost, industry’s leading rates are expected to boost future performance and sustain the escort. 3.2 The share of high unit-priced products relative to the share of high-valued products driving the growth of corporate productsasp The share of high-value products compared to the share of high-valued products driving the growth of corporate sports shoesasp.
The collection of cagr was 10.18%, of which the sports shoeasp was 6.70% during the same period, which was the main driver of the growth. According to company announcements, the company ' s recent upgrading of sports shoesasp was related to the higher share of higher unit prices in the product structure and the higher unit prices of new branding products.
At the same time, companies are active in opening new customers. As companies deepen their work with high-quality customers, they are constantly expanding new customers.
In terms of sales, new customers are expected to raise orders directly for companies; in terms of sales averages (asp), working with high-unit, high-value, high-performance shoe brands such as aics, onon, and reebok is expected to boost the growth space of companiesasp and Māori.
The price of the company ' s production of sports shoes has increased twice. 3.3 New plants have been able to move up and down, and the pace of production has been stable, with growth in 2024 expected to absorb the increase in orders generated by brand replenishments.
In recent years, the company's new production planning has improved in anticipation of the growth of its client orders, and according to the company's announcement, as of 2024q1, two shoe mills and a feeder factory are already in operation or will be in operation during the year. Over the next few years, the company's output growth planning is clear.
4. Profit forecasting and investment proposal 4.1 sports shoe market growth is driving the upstream manufacturing industry.
We split the company ' s revenues according to the product structure, broken down into sports and leisure shoes, outdoor shoes, sports sandals/slippers and other products: 1) sports and leisure shoes: the business is the company ' s main business, and the collection rate is gradually close to 90 per cent over recent years, we believe.
The company will continue to deepen its main farm business in order to take advantage of the company’s competitive advantage, with the progressive de-listing of its downstream client stock ending and the expansion of its capacity as a result of the company’s new plant coming into operation, which is expected to increase the volume of orders and sales in 2024. 2) Out-of-house boots: the company’s business was previously heavily influenced by the de-introduction of branded stocks.
Global outdoor sports brands are growing faster, and we expect to work with companies on hokaoneone and 3) sports sandals/shoes: in recent years, influenced by the degeneration of overseas clients’ stocks, sports sandals/slippers and other businesses are under pressure, but with the end of the decomposition cycle, we expect the business to continue to grow steadily in the future.
Table 11: Wally Group Summary Profit Statement (in millions of yuan) 4.2 First-time coverage of “buy-in” rating from a relative valuation point of view: Wally Group, as a head of our sport shoe-shoes industry, has been working for years on the basis of deep-farming industry
The benefits of scale, collaboration with head brand depth, and the global layout of the manufacturing research and development base are leading the industry in profits and risks, adding to the expectations of the recent campaign brand replenishments and the upgrading, stabilization and expansion of medium- and long-term corporate productsasp. There is still room for improvement in corporate valuation over the long term.
To build a business, and be similar to the company’s business layout, Toyota Industries, and Jo-hung are comparable companies. According to our profit projections, the average value of comparable companies is relatively low, considering the risks of a change in the international situation in terms of their size and their profitability in the context of globalization.
Changes in the trade policy of the country of destination of imports and exports, which may lead to higher import and export tariffs and higher costs of international supply chains (sea transportation, etc.), may have some impact on the development of companies’ operations. Labour cost escalation risks.
The company’s main clients, i.e., Nike, deeckers, vf, etc., have experienced it in 2023.
To go to the stock cycle, stocks are now gradually improving, but the changes in consumer power or brand self-development brought about by the future international economic situation have the potential to influence companies’ future orders, and if the demand for customer orders is not repaired as expected, the risk is that companies will be able to choose comparable companies across the market.
There may be a risk to comparability in the case of listed companies. Appendix: All three statement projection points accurately reflect my personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.