December 17th, 2018.
As a retail bank leader, since the 2004 retail transition, banks have been steadily promoting retail strategies, with retail lending increasing and interest rate premiums. In terms of deposits, they are doing well aum, obtaining high-quality retail deposits, and reducing the cost of the end-of-the-end liabilities.
In terms of asset quality, the overall rate of underactivity has been declining steadily in recent years. In a context of good asset quality, the level of the provision for recruitment has been increasing and is well set. Looking forward to next year, companies will continue to control risks, with differentials or slight decreases, but with higher rates.
We're looking at the growth of retail lending, considering a steady push for retail lending, with interest rate premiums: since the introduction of the Retail Bank, the ratio of sales loans to total loans has been rising, and as of 1h2018 retail loans have reached their share in total loans.
In the retail lending structure, credit card lending continues to grow, and credit card lending has increased from year to year, making it the second largest retail loan after mortgages. Increased investment in retail asset ends brings a good level of return on recruitment. Due to the relatively high premium on retail ends, from 2010 onwards.
At first, in the context of falling public interest rates, the retail rate of return was relatively robust, with a relatively strong combination of products, aum, and a high-quality retail deposit: the recruitment was a big job and a big job around retailing.
Client aum (managing total customer assets) receives high-quality call deposits. As of 1h2018, aum has been recruited, amounting to 6,632.8 billion, of which sunflower clients (meaning retail customers with an average monthly asset of $500,000 or more) contribute 542.4 billion.
The share of institutional investors in the share of liquida deposits has reached 71.6 per cent, with interest rates of only 0.3 per cent, which has significantly reduced the end-of-the-debt of companies.
The company is active in wealth management operations (sales, foundations, trusts, etc.) and contributes to rising overall fees and fees. Retailing fees now account for about 60% of the company’s overall fees.
Improved asset quality and adequate capital: The overall rate of under-activity has been declining steadily in recent years. By 3q2018, the rate was 1.42%, a decrease of 0.19pt compared to the beginning of the year.
In 2019:1 new loans will continue to be dominated by retail loans and will be structured more in favour of mortgage loans on the first and second lines.2 On the other hand, deposits are constrained by a m2 acceleration, and growth will not be excessive.
It is expected that public deposits will be active in strategic clients, making their combined returns good for government deposits, and that retail deposits will continue to enhance the quality of their clients and obtain high-quality call deposits.
Reducing the cost of the end of the debt. 4. The net interest gap is affected by structural adjustment and it is difficult to continue to expand. 5. Assets quality companyupdatechenaresearchdept. is established in 1987 with its headquarters in Shenzhen.
Up to the end of 2017, the company had over 1,800 branches, service networks in more than 130 municipalities and six offshore branches and three offshore representative offices.
The Bank of Merchants is a group of banks with financial plates such as banks, financial leases, funds, life insurance, and offshore investment banks.
In terms of asset size, after a rapid expansion, there has been a slowdown in recent years, with a steady growth of about 6%. On a scale that now stands at 6.5 trillion in total asset calibres, it is second only to the stock market: shareholders in 3q2018 hiring banks.
Figure: Gross assets of merchant banks as compared to other equity lines (CCS, millions of yuan) in terms of income and profitability, in the 2000-2017 time frame, the total revenue received was 25 per cent, net profit, steady growth in retail lending, which currently accounts for almost half of the total revenue earned.
In terms of structure, changes are taking place. Since the beginning of the transition, the ratio of retail loans to retail banks has been increasing, with a cut of 1h2018 and the share of retail loans in total loans has reached 49%.
Figure: Merchant Retail Loans (%) Taipei Hong Kong Shanghai
In terms of retail lending, mortgages continue to be the main recruitment trend, accounting for 46.7 per cent (1h2018 figures). However, in terms of trends, credit card lending is on the rise, with credit card lending rising year by year, becoming the second largest retail loan after mortgages, up to 1h2018, or 27.4 per cent.
Microfinance and other types of loans (including combined consumption, commercial housing, automobiles, home improvements, etc.) have been maintained at 18% and 8%, respectively, in recent years. Increased investment in retail assets does bring a good return on recruitment.
Premiums are relatively high, and since 2010 retail rates of return have been relatively robust in the context of falling public interest rates, yielding relatively large interest rate premiums. But good retailing at the end still depends on the efficiency of corporate overall management and gold: retail and public interest rates at merchant banks (%)
17 December 2018, Chinaresearcheddept. The share of public loans, although in the process of faster retailing, has decreased.
In the first half of the year, there was still a steady increase of nearly 5% in public deposits. Deposits were put on demand, and retail end performance became more visible.
In the case of deposits, the growth in recent years has been relatively steady, with the effect of a decline in the m2 growth rate. 2016, 2017, Figure: Size and growth of bank deposits (millions of dollars, per cent) Figure: Retail deposits as a percentage of the total.
December 17, 2018, Taipei Hong Kong Shanghai.
Recruiting is heavily organized around retailing, making big clients alm (managing total customer assets) and obtaining high-quality call deposits. As of 1h2018, aum has reached 6,632.8 billion, of which sunflower clients (meaning retail customers with an average monthly asset of $500,000 or more) have contributed 542.4 billion.
As of 1h2018, the share of demand deposits in total retail deposits had reached 71.6 per cent, with interest rates of 0.3 per cent, which significantly reduced the cost of the end of the corporate liability.
Figure: Cost of deposits at the retail end of the merchant bank as a whole (%)
In the case of public deposits, as the main “ammunition” for the expansion of the scale of recruitment, the company accounts for about 70% of the deposits.
In recent years, a steady increase in public deposits has also been observed in terms of the nature of deposits. Figure: Retail deposits by vendors (%)
Figure: Rate of interest on public deposits (%) - December 17, 2018
At the income end, the net interest income continues to be a major contribution to the income end, although the net revenue ratio for fees and commissions is rising, indicating significant gains in the transformation of merchant banks. In terms of details of fees and charges, the ratio of fees for agency, settlement, bank card charges has risen in recent years; in the context of deleveraging and strong supervision, the funds are held in trust.
The share of income from hosting fees decreased as a result of pressure on production size and rates.
The share of interest income has been increasing, reaching 50 per cent as at 1h2018, while the bulk of the net revenue from overall retail fees is derived from contributions from wealth management. Companies have been active in wealth management operations (sales, funds, trusts, etc.), contributing to rising overall fees.
Retail wealth management operations will have much to offer with the establishment of a financial subsidiary. Figure: Size of financial products sold in the first half of 2018 (millions of yuan) Figure: contribution of retail services fees (%)
Retail finance has contributed about half of the revenue, driven by retail interest and fees, and has become a “half of the river” that supports the company's revenue side.
In terms of public operations, net interest income has increased relatively well in recent years against the backdrop of a return to overall interest differentials. In terms of profitability, Roe measures the profitability of recent years, the quality of assets in 2016, 2017, and capital strength have increased further.
Due to historical reasons (Asian financial crisis, poor offshore operations) the recruitment rate was at a very high level, but the quality of assets improved and the rate declined steadily and stabilized. As of 3q2018, the rate was 1.42%, a decrease of 0.19pt from the beginning of the year.
As at 3q2018, provision coverage had reached 326 per cent and was adequate.
With regard to retail loans, recruitment has increased credit card risk controls while operating credit cards, plus
In recent years, assets, including mortgages, microscopics, and combined consumption, have been in good shape, with the overall retail failure rate starting downwards from 2015. Figure: Unperforming retail performance in various parts of the country (%)
In terms of public loans, the negative rate has also been declining in recent years. A breakdown shows that in recent years there has been a decline in the negative rate of liquidity loans, fixed-asset loans, etc.
Figure: Quality of public loan assets of various types of merchant banks (%). Growth in internal retention earnings and asset structure due to increased profitability of companies, companies
As of 3q2018, the core-level capital adequacy rate of the employing banks had reached 11.97%, ranking fourth among the listed banks, and 15.46%, ranking third among the listed banks.
Figure: Capital adequacy at the core level and capital adequacy at the core level of recruitment (%): capital adequacy at the core level of listed banks (Senwan Banking, %) Figure: Capital adequacy at listed banks (Senhan Banking, %)
December 17, 2018, Taipei Hong Kong Shanghai
For 2019, we have recently studied the Bank of Merchantries, and the main conclusions are as follows:
1. Retail lending continues to dominate new lending, with structural bias towards second-line mortgages, and deposits are constrained by a m2 acceleration. The growth is not expected to be too high. Public deposits are expected to work with strategic clients, achieve their combined returns, and win government deposits. Retail deposits continue to improve their quality and access.
3 In view of the current low market interest rates, some of the high-cost structural deposits may be replaced by a joint stock card,4 the net difference is affected by the structural adjustment and continues to be less likely, with expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.