E.C.E.A. (002236), steady growth in performance, multi-dimensional layout of video products, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: 2021h1, the company achieved business income of 13.51 billion yuan, an increase of 37.3 per cent over the same period; net profit of 1.64 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of about 20.0 per cent over the same period. • Corporate performance has grown steadily, thanks to the downside of domestic channels and positive layouts abroad.
At the end of the harvest, the company ' s smart goods products and programmes received $11.58 billion, an increase of 33.8 per cent, and 85.7 per cent; at the end of the profit, the company collected $730 million, an increase of 29.1 per cent, a rise of 5.4 per cent.
• Companies actively capture industry trends and further deepen innovative business layouts. In a field-of-war application for the ai, the company deepens the fragmentation of industries, understands industry debris needs, and solidifies industry know-how capabilities in the form of software. Companies dig deep into the value of data to create practical value for customers.
In addition, the company attaches great importance to the nurturing of innovative business, relying on the company’s deep-seated billions of dollars in the video company industry, an increase of 94.3% in the same year, which is the firm’s future high-growth savings. In the face of global uncertainty, the company’s deep cultivation of artificial intelligence has accelerated the digital transformation.
The coronary epidemic continues to spread, the United States continues to impose sanctions and restrictions on some of China’s technology enterprises, and there are periodical and structural imbalances in the global semiconductor supply chain. Companies insist on a variety of research and development strategies to ensure a stable replacement of their products, and to ensure a stable supply of raw materials by increasing their availability and enhancing their strategic cooperation with suppliers.
The company is also pushing for a global digital transformation that will accelerate the pattern of the era, rapidly increase the diversity of its business and $2.18, with a combination of net profit gains expected to rise by more than 18% over the next three years. We are conservatively giving the company a leading voice in the video network industry, and digital upgrading in the post-epidemic era is accelerating.
Founded in 2001, Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co. Ltd. was listed in 2008 on a small and medium-sized block of the deep-knit complex, Jane called it the stock of Dahua (002236.sz). In the early years, Dahua was involved in security-related products and services, followed by the extension of machine-related visuals, video conference systems, professional drones, smart fire protection, electronic plates, rfid radio frequency recognition and new video applications such as robots.
The company is based on technological innovation and provides end-to-end video surveillance solutions, systems, and services, and continues to explore new and emerging businesses. The stockholdings of China are stable at the top of the world’s security ranks.
The top 50 is ranked second in the world, and the smart video surveillance market published in omdia is ranked second in the world, with only the second year of winning China's top ten brands and the top 100 national software companies, one of the most influential brands in China's security, and a recommended brand in China's smart cities.
The company’s core hardware products include multi-dimensional perception products (front-end cameras, thermal imaging, smart traffic, smart buildings, 5g products), peripheral treatment products (marginal intelligence, computing, network transmission and safety products) and cloud center products. The company’s intelligent goods management platform is in the making of intelligence, intelligence, and so on.
The fields of smart logistics, smart electricity, smart agriculture and so on have helped firms significantly reduce their digitally re-building and enhance their efficiency and quality of deployment. The company’s innovative operations include industrial Internet areas (a system of solutions that includes industrial cameras, smart cameras, and agv-based robots, etc.), video collaboration, orange household use, smart fire fighting, software parity, etc.
The company has been active in covering and expanding the various regions, both within and outside the country. There are 58 branches, sales, services, and product networks around the world, covering 180 countries and regions, with four national torch projects, five countries.
High-tech industrialization is a major feature of three national nuclear high-level projects. Companies apply for over 4,500 patents, of which more than 360 are internationally exclusive. With video at its core, they combine perception with intelligence depth, and build a well-developed system of smart products and solutions that builds a full and real digital world based on artificial intelligence and arithmetic advantages.
With cloud and big data platforms as the cornerstone of applications, achieving a face-to-face-driven value chain, companies have developed and strengthened the layout of the one area, deep-farming intelligence and industrialization processes. The one is one of the core strategic inputs to the D.C. shares. By the end of 2020, the company ' s ai research and development team had more than a thousand people, with more than 98% of them.
As intelligence upgrades, the company’s product application landscape has become more widespread, further enhancing the competitiveness of its products and solutions. The company uses large data as a vehicle, with a national centre for enterprise technology and a national doctoral background.
Research workstations, research institutes in Zhejiang province and the Zhejiang province Engineering Research Centre, among others, have consistently increased their investment in research and development, including cloud computing, big data technology and product development, and have created a path for arithmetic production of closed rings, closed chains of consumption, application of closed rings, and exploration of a number of intellectual values.
Figure 2: Partial digitized transformation programmes for companies The expansion of digitized transformation of companies has accelerated in the broader context of the epidemic and uncertainty in international relations. Since 2020, the spread of the new crown epidemic has had an impact on the development of the global digital economy and the Wisdom conglomerate, with global commodity prices recovering at the demand-side and supplying.
The US continues to impose sanctions and restrictions on some of China’s technology enterprises. In response to the complex trends of changing market environments and the digital transformation of industries, companies insist on a variety of research and development strategies to ensure a stable replacement for their products, and to guarantee the stability of their raw materials supply by, inter alia, increasing their availability and enhancing their strategic cooperation with suppliers.
Systems, two platforms' architecture, upgrading and accelerating digital transformation, expanding in the area of artificial intelligence, further refining the industry, increasing the diversity and complexity of business, deepening video-centric intellectual combination solution providers and operating uniforms, company management is strong for the long-term stability of the company. The actual owner of the stockholding is Mr. Foley Spring.
In addition, Mr. Fu Li Quan and Ms. Chen Ai Qing are co-actors. Mr. Fu Li Qin, the director of the company, Ms. Chen Ei Ling, and Mr. Ju Jiangmin are the initiators of the company and have been accompanying the company for a long time since it was founded; the company’s deputy director, Mr. Wu Jun, has also been listed by the company.
The company’s management is always strong, its equity structure is more centralized, enabling decisions that are consistent with the company’s long-term interests, and has a positive impact on the company’s long-term stability. The company has sunk in active domestic channels and is active overseas.
The shares of foreign affiliates, including three participating companies with a net profit impact of more than 10%: Zhejiang Dahua Systems Engineering Ltd., Zhejiang Dahua Technology Ltd. and Zhejiang Da Hua Tsi Joint Limited. In the domestic market, companies have continued to promote technological and marketing capacity-building, with more than 200 offices in 32 provinces and cities in the country.
Solutions for different users. In overseas markets, companies continue to develop global marketing, with overseas affiliates and overseas localization strategies and regionally targeted promotions in Asia, Europe, North America and Africa, optimizing overseas revenue collection and further deepening and upgrading global markets.
In order to motivate employees, bind employees and corporate interests, and contribute to the long-term growth of the company, in 2018, a strong and wide-ranging equity incentive was launched to give a total of 122 million shares to 3423 company directors, executives and other managers, business cadres, and so on.
4.20% of the company's total stock stock, or 25% of the company's workforce. The company's high growth guarantees the implementation and delivery of equity incentives, which help to motivate employees, maintain core employee stability, improve long-term development mechanisms, and upgrade the company's main business within the overall competition in the enterprise's market.
Products such as high-resolution composite video interfaces, cameras, storage, transmissions, displays, systems, software, etc.: solutions include smart buildings, new project calibres in the annual reports, company-to-industry Internet fields, video collaboration, orange household use, smart fire protection, drones, etc., as compared to 5.4%, it can be seen that the company's rapid growth in innovative business is the result of company vision, visual collaboration and intelligence in machines.
In addition, the company’s share of domestic and foreign revenues has been around 60% in recent years, and the public department has announced for the first time its share of revenues at the top of the Tob (business) and top of the Tog (government). 2021h1, the company received 3.60 billion yuan at the top of the Tob and $2.18 billion at the end of the Tog.
End-of-services, companies continue to expand large firms and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) clients, helping them to transform digitally and improve market coverage. To large business customers, companies dig deep into their customers’ needs and implement “one-stop” service strategies; to SMEs clients, companies continue to sink, and joint partners promote customer co-sharing.
In terms of Māori structure, in 2020, the overall Māori rate for companies was 42.7 per cent, with product Māori at 48.3 per cent, Māori at 43.7 per cent, Māori at 40.7 per cent, Māori at 46.1 per cent, Māori at 36.8 per cent and Māori at 36.8 per cent, and change in management systems, with positive channels sinking in more than 30 cities across the country, with more appropriate strategies for different users.
And solutions, the corporate product structure, product R & D delivery, supply chain and marketing systems are further optimized and deepened. 2021h1, the corporate overall Māori rate is 41.4 per cent, a decrease of 6.8 pp compared to the same period, of which the Māori rate is 44.0 per cent for JFW products and programmes and 1.9 per cent for gross profits. It is worth noting that Māori is 70.3 per cent for CWW and software operations.
This is due to the continued sedimentation and refinement of the company's software modules, the continuous upgrading of software reuse and the decreasing cost of software development.  Semiconductor design and sale of electronic component agents and other operations  Semiconductor design and sale of electronic components agents and sales of other operations
Looking back at the company ' s business performance in previous years: between 2016 and 2020, the company ' s operating income increased from $13.33 billion to $26.47 billion, with annual compound growth of about 18.7 per cent; the net profits of the company ' s parent from $1.83 billion; and, as a result of frequent trade frictions between the United States, the company ' s revenue, while rising, slowed down significantly, and the company suffered even more in 2020.
Factors such as the global new crown epidemic, which dropped to its lowest level since 2011, were 1.2 per cent. 2021h1, with public revenues of 13.51 billion yuan, an increase of 37.3 per cent over the same period. The rise was mainly due to the company’s focus on the intelligence industry, the expansion and downturning of business operations, and the consolidation of global economic recovery after the epidemic.
1.64 billion yuan, an increase of 20.0 per cent over the same period. The net return profit growth was lower than the recovery rate, mainly due to cost growth of 55.1 per cent over the same year, which was greater than the increase in the harvest, combined with structural changes in products such as infrared thermal imaging, and better control over the cost of corporate profitability.
Increases in profit margins have also been significant: since 2018, with the improvement in the quality of the company's operations, the amounts charged have been on a year-to-year basis. In terms of cost: in 2020, the cost of company sales was 16.2 per cent, representing an increase of 1.1 pp over the same period; management costs were 3.0 per cent, representing an increase of 0.1 pp over the same period; research and development costs were 11.3 per cent, representing an increase of 0.6 pp over the same period.
The net operating cash flow is more volatile as a whole, and is now a significant improvement in the quality of the company’s operations. The annual net operating cash flow amounts to $4.4 billion, a 175% increase.
The net operating cash flow, which was 470 million yuan in 2016, was first broken by 100 million yuan and then increased to 1.6 billion yuan in 2020. 1.6 The increase was more than three times higher than the year-on-year increase, mainly due to the fact that the net cash flow of the company was higher in the current year. 2021h1, the firm ' s net present ratio is -0.5, mainly due to the negative operating cash flow of the company.
Assumption 1: the company continues to refine its product and business layout, continuously enhances its investment and software capacity-building in core technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data, the future of the industry is expected to advance further, and we expect the corporate smart joint product to develop its high quality on the basis of its own R & D accumulation and supply chain integration capabilities in the video community.
In terms of volume innovation, which achieved an increase of 94.3 per cent over the reporting period, we expect corporate innovation sales in 21-23 years, and we've selected four major comparable companies in the industry: Iowaan, Heconway, same share, and technology. The combined growth of the net profit of the mother is expected to reach over 18 per cent, and we're conservatively going to give the company 23 times greater than that in 2021.
1) The repeated risk of new coronary outbreaks poses an uncertain downstream demand; 3) the risk that corporate technology development will fall short of expectations. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.