The company published its annual report for 2019, which increased its operating income by 41.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis to $31.135 billion;
As a result, the use of the platform has declined slightly. The daily cost of the self-enhanced platform has reached $69,000 per day, an increase of 20.3 percentage points over the same period.
We expect that the cost of oil capital in mid-2020 will be reduced, and that the cost of oil capital in mid-2019 will increase the share of oil field technical services, reduce the number of platforms leased, and reasonably control costs and maintain efficiency. The cost of oil capital in mid-2019 will reach 79.6 billion, but it will be affected by oil prices in 2020, and we expect that the decline in oil capital expenditure in mid-2020 will be the main cause of this decline.
We expect that there will be fewer exploration projects in the company, a flat mining operation, an increase in production operations, a slight decline in the total number of drilling wells, and a likely maintenance of the Māori rate; that the Māori rate of technical services in the oilfields will be stable or increase; and that the operation of ships will be maintained at high rates.
The company's main business is the most competitive at sea in the country.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, free of charge business on the 6th.
China Sea International Centre B, 17th floor, Law, uses legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.