The company's performance has increased significantly and the low price of oil has not rebounded.
On the evening of 25 March 2020, China and China issued a 2019 annual report stating that the net profit attributable to the owner of the mother-in-law in 2019 was $2.5 billion, an increase of 34.34 per cent over the same period; operating income of $31.1 billion, which was synchronized with the drilling of wells and technical services, and that the company ' s overall performance rebounded significantly, in line with expectations.
In 2019, the company achieved a net return profit of 2.5 billion yuan, an increase of 34.34% in the same year, which is basically in line with our expectations. The drilling business generated $10.8 billion, an increase of 40% in the same year, and the business crossed the margin of profit and loss in 2019, bringing the Māori rate to 12%, an increase of 16 pct in the same year.
The main reason for the significant increase in performance is that in 2019, the seven-year programme of action was implemented in the country, with the company’s main client households spending 78.6 billion yuan in sea oil capital, an increase of 27 per cent over the previous year.
Research and development has continued to break out, and the technology services section has been the core growth point for companies. Companies have adhered to technology development and internationalization strategies, and in recent years technology research and development has continued to break out, with revenues from technology services rising from 30% in 2015 to 48% in 2019.
New technologies such as high-end drilling fluids, coupled with drilling pressure, have been promoted to break the monopoly of foreign technology. The public well-detection service has returned to Myanmar and made a breakthrough in land markets in the Americas.
The first coverage report by the Société Générale de Sécurité — China Sea Oil Clothes (601808): Week, China Sea oil drums cost less than $30 per barrel, and are more resilient to low oil prices.
According to the China Sea Oil performance announcement for 2019, the cost of the oil drums in China has been reduced to $29.78 per barrel, followed by a six-year decline, following China Sea Oil ' s announcement of production targets for 2020 of 520-53 million barrels of oil equivalent, with a capital expenditure budget of between $850-95 billion, despite China Sea Oil ' s announcement that it would be based on oil prices.
But it's more resilient to the impact of low oil prices, and we don't think it's going to be too much.
China’s oil capital expenditure has increased at a slower than expected rate, oil prices have declined significantly, oil field technical services have not grown as much as expected, drilling service operating day rates have fallen, and costs have increased at a higher rate than expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.