Maritime operations are less affected by the new coronary epidemic, with performance in China (601808.sh)
According to media reports, such as news, China's oil, oil and gas production has continued in recent days, and the first line of operations has taken the initiative to extend their working hours out of the sea.
Van, according to reports, the largest condensed gas field in the sea — 19-6 in the sea — has successfully completed the installation of the platform blocks at sea and is now undergoing adaptive adaptation, joint calibration, etc.
In the western South China Sea oil fields, oil and gas production has been restored to pre-spring levels, all of which have been safely produced, and the flow of oil and gas has continued to flow to land to support the fight against the epidemic.
In China's marine oil sector, maritime operators usually work on a shift-by-shift basis for 28 days.
China's sea oil first-line operators took the initiative to extend their working hours out of the sea, maintain their oil- and gas-producing sites, and devote their full efforts to fighting against “epidemic” production, and we believe that offshore hydrocarbon exploration and exploitation has a site in comparison to terrestrial hydrocarbon operations.
The locations are more distant, the operators are more fixed, and the operators are largely isolated from other sectors of society.
According to China Ocean Oil Vision 2020, China Ocean Oil Limited had a total capital expenditure of $850-95 billion in 2020, rising by the same year.
China ' s marine oil and gas development has greater potential than its terrestrial oil and gas development, and China ' s spending on oil capital is expected to increase steadily in order to ensure energy security for its home countries.
Quick; the utilization of drilling platforms has increased in proportion to average income, driving the growth of business operations; the volume of work performed on owned vessels has remained stable and the volume of work performed on chartered vessels has increased; revenue from the collection and engineering survey services has steadily increased. We expect that the company's operations will be affected by the new crown epidemic.
With less noise, the company’s revenue and performance will continue to grow at a rapid rate. 1, [Galactic Machinery] company rating _ China’s marine oil uniforms (60108.sh) _ drilling platforms are available at a daily rate of 80 per cent, with a flat price increase
Marine oil and gas exploration and exploitation has entered a recovery path, particularly with a marked increase in domestic exploration and development needs. The growth in workload has resulted in a significant increase in company-focused technology portfolio revenues in recent years, which has become the backbone of the growth in corporate revenue and performance. We expect that in the future the share of technology and services will increase further and lead to an improvement in the overall Māori ratio of companies.
The company ' s current utilization of the self-updating drilling platform has increased significantly, and as the global self-updating platform has increased, we expect that there will be further space for the utilization and daily cost of the domestic self-updating drilling platform; and as the oil exploration development in China and China moves from the shallow sea to the deep water, we expect a faster increase in the utilization of the semi-submarine drilling platform. In addition, the company will continue to shift to the light asset model, with demand in the future.
We look forward to the future of China’s marine oil and gas service market, where the company, as the lead company in the country’s marine oil and gas service, is expected to maintain a rapid growth trend. We expect a net return of $29.5/40.7-5.22 billion in 2019-2021, pers, respectively.
Crude oil prices run a significant downside risk, overseas project implementation policy risk, etc.