Core business strengths are strong, ai-driven full-chain performance - 2024 and Quarterly 2025 performance rating by mass media (002027.sz)
Incidents: Companies published 2024 and one quarterly 2025: Companies realized business income of 12,262 million yuan in 2024, an increase of 3.01 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $5,155 million, an increase of 6.80 per cent in the same year. Companies achieved operating income of 2,858 million yuan in the first quarter of 2025, an increase in the same year.
The core strength is strong, and the top-level effect of the company optimising the structure of the business is significant, maintaining robust growth in the technology. The company continues to optimize the density and structure of media resources, high-intensity coverage of second-line cities (more than 70% of them) and actively infiltrates the development of the three-line and sinking markets.
In addition, the company has recently announced its intention to acquire new media, the concentration of the advertising industry will increase further, and the competitiveness of the corporate sector is expected to increase further.
The distribution of overseas operations and the active deployment of the original model companies in such overseas markets as East Asia and South-East Asia now cover several major cities in Korea, Thailand, Singapore, India and Japan, and the scale of equipment is expanding: the number of elevator television media equipment, the number of elevator poster media equipment, increased by 10.3 per cent and the number of elevator media equipment, respectively.
62.5% (1q25 vs. 4q23). We believe that the company is expected to become a “state builder” of the Chinese brand to the world at the same time that it is exporting the Chinese model abroad. Technology drives the full-chain effect, and big models of company marketing in the commercial landscape are continuously fine-tuning
At present, the company has been investing in the development of applications in a number of appetizers, including the intellectualization of content production (dissociative-era-ai advertising software), the fine-tuning of placement efficiency (a system for data analysis of media traffic) and so on, and is expected to enrich advertising creativity, advertising strategy development, advertising optimization and outreach.
Investment proposal: We believe that the company’s core business is moving steadily and its performance growth is high. The company is going to buy a new stream of media, with some room for optimization when the cost ends are concentrated, and the company’s bargaining power will increase.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my pay was not in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.