Overseas and media Internet groups performed well, with a high score of 2.860 billion yuan, or 4.7 per cent, and a net return of 1.140 billion yuan, or 9.1 per cent, to the mother.
A healthy 24-year performance, a healthy growth from the consumer industry on a daily basis, and a pressure from the rest of the industry. 1) 24-year growth in single-digit earnings, which we believe is slowing at the macroeconomic rate, good 1.
The rate of growth is robust in the context of a more cautious budget for billboard owners. For the branch industry, the consumer goods revenue per day is 7.590 billion per year + 13.4 per cent, which is 61.9 per cent, and the Internet, 2.
In the case of entertainment and leisure and housing, there is a drop in double-digit earnings.
It is expected to be mainly due to the poor performance of the 24-year fare. By location, March 25th, mid-point, 2024.4.30 31 December, vs. 24, there was a slight increase in the number of elevator television outlets.
In high-line cities, the number of elevator poster media has contracted, with only a small increase of 1q25 outside the country meeting expectations and maintaining a single-digit growth. q1 net profit from mother to mother increased by 39.7% from mother to mother, and +1.6 pcts from year to year, mainly as a result of investment returns
Long-term equity investment gains, accounted for mainly by the equity law, are well-established, and consumer goods are its basics, with performance linked to economic growth, brand advertising budgets, and the rise of the new track, which slows down the pace of economic growth.
On April 9th, 25th, the announcement announced that the new wave media would buy 100% of the shares through the distribution of shares and cash payments.
(c) Profit forecasting, valuation and rating; macroeconomic warming is not as good as expected; and consumer goods and emerging downstream lanes are not being delivered as expected;
Risk of bad debt; lack of progress overseas; increased competition in the industry.