There has been a significant improvement in the pattern of the acquisition of new tidal media, and industry valuations, dated 09/04/2025, gave the public media a 100% share in the new tidal media by issuing shares and paying cash.
When the deal is completed, the new wave media will become a fully owned subsidiary of the listed company. The deal will be based on the value of the shares as the main means of payment, the remainder in the form of a small amount of cash, the shares and cash will be disallowed, and the founders and major shareholders will be released for a longer period.
▪ The new tide has 740,000 spot resources, and the losses of the last three years have continued to narrow. As of September 30, 2024, the new wave elevator media platform operated approximately 740,000 smart screens in about 200 cities, of which about 640,000 smart screens were placed in about 45,000 residential districts.
A subsidiary of the Tide Media Conservancy, which focuses on community-based closed advertising, operates media resources in 15 cities across the country, covering approximately 35,000 face-to-face closures in about 6.500 residential districts. The sum of $19.40, 19.32 and 1,497 million were received in January-September 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.
After the acquisition of the new wave, there is room for further improvement in the revenue and profits of the distributed media: 1) There is competition between the divided and the new wave media, which has a price-contradicting effect. Once the acquisition is complete, the price transfer of the splits will be smoother, and the price transfer of the future price increases will be smoother.
On the one hand, the value of the new tides is lower than the value of the past, and there is scope for a significant increase in the value of the new tides to be acquired. (2) The media and the new tides have a large number of business overlaps and are expected to integrate resources at the cost and cost levels to achieve a better profit schedule when the acquisitions are completed.
•
Performance has remained robust in the context of a weak economy, highlighting the resilience of consumer brands and the ability of companies to choose a consumption mix. With sufficient cash reserves and steady growth in corporate performance, we expect that the way in which the cash is added to the shares will not affect their dividends.
The performance of Zeri is good or bad, and the performance elasticity of the public was released in 2025.
Review: Over-expected growth in performance and continued expansion of position.