Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) – spend $8.3 billion to buy new media.
On 9 April, the public media announced their intention to buy new media outlets. The public media plan to issue shares and pay cash to buy 100% of the new media shares, estimated at 8.3 billion yuan yuan.
Cash forms, buying 100% of the shares from 50 traders, including 100 degrees, Kyouta, Red Star and Karen. When the deal is completed, the new-tide media becomes a fully-owned subsidiary of the decentralized media.
The new wave media was set up in 2007 to focus on the development and operation of outdoor advertising.
At the end of the third quarter, some 740,000 smart screens were operated in some 200 cities, of which about 640,000 smart screens were placed in 45,000 residential districts. In the first three quarters of 2024, the new tide media generated operating revenues of $1,497 million, resulting in a net loss of $5.0985 million;
By the end of September, the company had a total of $4.45 billion in assets, and the new trend media focused on small and medium advertisers in both the outdoor and outdoor advertising media in the Chinese community.
Lower. After restructuring, the company's resource location in the outdoor advertising track has been further refined, branding has been expanded, competitive pressure has been reduced, spot price space has been released, and prices are expected to double. Moreover, cost-side costs have been reduced to a certain extent by consolidation, and profits have been reduced.
• Integration of industry resources and increased concentration of the outdoor advertising market, according to the China Advertising Association ' s Global and China Outdoor Advertisement Market Report 2024, China ' s advertising market was about 1.5 trillion yuan in 2024.
Outdoor advertising, which accounts for 47.5% of the total, is the main pillar of the advertising industry. In 2029, it is expected to reach $12.2 billion, and outdoor video advertising, cagr, is about 9.1%.
After the acquisition of 14.5 per cent and 2.7 per cent, the market share for outdoor advertising will be over 17 per cent, with the market share for outdoor advertising reaching 23.8 per cent, and after the acquisition, resources for the outdoor advertising sector will be concentrated and the competitiveness of the corporate sector will be further enhanced.
The public media are rated 24q3 with a steady growth in performance of $52.90/5784/6183 million, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Continued macroeconomic pressure; less than expected demand recovery for advertising; increased competition in the industry; higher expectations, accelerated expansion of overseas markets Internet companies, financial and industrial complexes, and a good combination of industry and investment perspectives for vendor research.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.