Annual and quarterly reviews: good growth in revenue and profits, improved competition patterns, media/advertisement marketing
Revenue and profit growth is robust. 1) 24 years of company operating income of $12,262 million, net return profit of non-motherhood net profit of $4,668 million, growth of 6.73 per cent in the same year; 2) 25 years of q1 quarter of zhagheng2@guosen.com.cnchenyaorong@guosen.com.cn
Continued improvement demonstrates the ability of firms to fully negotiate good industrial chains: if macro-cycles rise in the future, firms’ performance is expected to show faster growth based on higher leverage. Resource niches are strong, new acquisitions are made to optimize competition patterns, and clients are well structured, and they are expected to take the lead.
1) Life circle media networks up to q1 cover more than 340 cities in China, including Hong Kong SAR, as well as about 100 major cities in Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, India, and Japan.
(including about 150,000 media equipment from offshore affiliates, about 1.8 million self-employed equipment for elevator poster media, 2,459 cinema cooperative media cinemas, about 17,000 cinema halls, and significant media resource points; 2) The company's recent announcement that it plans to buy a new wave of media at $8.3 billion, which is expected to be successful.
Further optimization of competitive patterns in the industry and expansion of media and customer resources to take full advantage of scale; 3) Divisional Media (002027.sz) - robust growth in revenue and profit growth, expected improvement in macros. Divisional Media (0020227.sz) - robust growth in revenue and profit growth, with a medium-term increase in dividends
Annual Report of Group Media (002027.sz)-23 and Performance Review of 24q1: 23-year Battalion: Group Media (002027.sz) - Sustained Recreation of Profit, Attention to Macro Repair and Aigc Media (0020227.sz) - Sustained Improvement of Collections and Profitings, Recovering of Point Resources
Upwards in growth, i-technology is expected to boost the efficiency of the company's operations, maintaining a “better than the big market” and a robust growth in net profits. 1) The company achieved business income of $12,262 million in 24 years and a net profit of $5,155 million for mothers, an increase of 3.01 per cent and 6.80 per cent, respectively, in comparison with the previous year; the equivalent of eps 0.36; and the net profit for non-mortality was achieved.
Roughly $4.668 billion, an increase of 6.73 per cent over the same period; 2) 25 years q1 q1 q1 q$2,858 million in revenue and revenue and net return profits increased at a robust rate relative to the industry as a whole; 3) 2024 company plans to increase the Māori rate and net interest rate per 10 shares, with continued improvements in profitability in the context of spot expansion. 24 years Māori ratio of companies reached
Net interest rates continue to improve, demonstrating the firm’s ability to negotiate a good industrial chain; in the future, if the macro-cycle goes up, the company’s performance is expected to show faster growth based on higher leverage. Resource niches are strong, medium- and long-term attention is paid to depressed markets and overseas progress; and clients are well structured and promising.
1) Life circle media networks up to q1 cover more than 340 cities in China, including Hong Kong SAR, as well as about 100 major cities in Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, India, and Japan.
The company's media equipment is estimated at 150,000 units, the elevator poster media self-employment equipment is estimated at 1.8 million units, the cinema media collaboration, 2,459 cinemas, about 17,000 cinemas, and the media resources are well ahead of the curve; and 2) the company's recent announcement is that it plans to buy a new wave of media at $8.3 billion, which, if it gets to the ground, is expected to further optimize the competitive patterns of the industry and expand.
Media and client resources, taking full advantage of their size, (3) customer structure, the consumer goods of the day are still the main recipients of digitalization and technological developments that are expected to enhance the company’s ability to operate. In terms of digitization, the cloud is now online, and most of the screens are networked, and remote online monitor screens are available.
Through continuous in-depth analysis of large data and collaboration with platforms such as Skycats, companies have continued to help clients achieve accurate and efficient investment based on the different consumer needs and brand preferences of different types of buildings, community consumers, and have been effective in promoting synergy of effects, significantly increasing the rate of sales conversion and becoming an important offline flow portal.
The model has been deployed and continues to be fine-tuned and iterative. Through deep excavations of historical advertising data, the model carefully constructs uniquely high-quality data sets and reasonable manual tagging feedback data, and is able to continuously overlap and optimize in the actual scenario and continuously enhance its capabilities.
A new industry solution would greatly enrich its combined capabilities in advertising innovation generation, advertising strategy development, advertising placement optimization, advertising data analysis, etc., thereby empowering more advertisers. Step-by-step optimization of industry’s competitive patterns; macro-projected improvements could lead to higher growth, and i-technology could drive.
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and is based on the results of the analysis.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author