Performance growth is robust, and acquisition of new surges enhances industrial competitiveness Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) (yoy+9.14 per cent) and net profit on deductions to the parent is 988 million (yoy+4.56 per cent).
• In 2024, consumer goods supported a robust growth of the building media, which generated revenues of $11.55 billion (Yoy+3.9 per cent); cinema media now generated revenues of $690 million (Yoy-10.4 per cent).
In the building media industry, the share of income from consumer goods was 58.76 per cent, an increase of 5.96 pct over the same period, with varying degrees of decline in interconnectivity, real estate and entertainment categories.
The company now covers more than 230 cities and more than 120 cities with elevator poster media.
On April 10, the company issued an announcement to buy 100% of the new tide. The new tide products are mainly outdoor video advertising media and outdoor print advertising media, and there is a high level of overlap. By the end of the third quarter of 2024, the new tide media outlets were operating in 200 cities.
About 740,000 smart screens, of which about 640,000 are located in 45,000 residential districts. In terms of performance, in the first three quarters of 2024, the new wave media generated income of $1,497 million, resulting in a net loss of $509.85 million.
The new and new media outlets are less closely aligned with the new and the new acquisitions are expected to expand the three-line urban ladder market and improve the location of resources for the outdoor advertising track. At the same time, both the new and the new trends are industry head companies, with less competitive pressure on the spot after the acquisitions, and the price space is expected.
In the long term, the external advertising market will be further consolidated, companies will compete within the industry to buy all the new media, the advertising industry will be concentrated, and the mass media will be evaluated by 24q3 points: performance will grow steadily.
The Internet company, the financial and industrial complex, is well placed to study sellers in a combination of industry and investment perspectives. The third crystal ball in 2015 and 2017, using information on legal compliance, are presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.