It's an important ecological partner, and it's a co-motivator.
The crane operating system (issueos)v22 and the big database g100 management system (Vastbaseg 100)v2.2 complete product compatibility certification, test results are good, both products are fully compatible and the system is stable. On the basis of this certification, the parties will be able to perform the product and the solution.
We'll be working together to improve our client demand, and we'll be working together to build the bottom line of the real-world business.
Nuclearly developed enterprise-level relationship databases with a combination of high-compatibility, high-availability, high-security, multiengineer and high-complexity features, leading database migration capability in the integration industry, are home-grown databases with fully autonomous intellectual property rights.
Total equity/flow (millions) Enterprise-level application operating systems to support a variety of processors, such as titanium, sealight and fly-teng, with total market value/flow (millions)
Many national secret algorithms, such as sm2, sm3, sm4, with high performance, high transport dimensions, up to 12 months/minimum (megameter) compatibility and high reliability, are also supported for enhanced features such as databases, big data, cloud computing, people.
Applications such as industrial intelligence can provide efficient, stable, professional technical support and services to clients in various industries. Soft-powered crane operating systems have now been certified as compatible with a number of companies, such as Xinhua San and Orient, and Dream Data.
The field of digitized transformation practitioners and enablers is constantly being explored. In the AI+ robotic process automation track, the first soft-powered, hard-to-hard-to-soft-to-soft-to-coated-to-coated-to-coated-to-coated product is being introduced. Soft-to-power, i-coated-to-coated-to-coated products use their automation and intelligence.
The basic capabilities of enabling, which effectively release the workforce in large, well-defined, time-consuming and inefficient business scenes, have been applied to more than 100 settings, such as automation of security registers, smart inspection, paper assistants, smart contract management, etc., covering finance, manufacturing, education, etc.
It's an important partner in the biosphere. Soft power is based on the one-end cloud launched by Tienai, and the integration product (the original version) is compatible with the Chinese version of the Trentalas 300i/vpro reasoning card.
Sex tests, which meet the technical standards of glyphosium and are fully compatible with the 920 processor, provide higher-quality technical services and safety and security for the sound replacement of national production. In addition, in ecological terms,
The company became China's partner in the Quantified Partnership Programme, its partner in the Quantified Partnership Programme, its partner in the Quantified Partnership Programme, its partner in the Quantified Initiative, and its co-establishment of the Joint Research and Applications Centre for Digital Robotics, among others, in preparation for the University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
We're a major ecological partner, and Icom and I drive it together, and we recommend that the company be the leading software and information technology service provider in the country, building on a deep industry that has more than 1,000 domestic and foreign clients in more than 10 important industries.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report