Revenues from the impact of power and fire operations and price reductions, with year-round profit maintaining optimism at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: Six months of corporate reporting, which resulted in revenue of $352 million, a 30.6 per cent decline in the same year, low operating income and a slight decline in net profits from the cessation of mother-to-child power production and water from hydropower. In the first half of the year, the company held that Kaoyang power had ceased production as a result of the increase in coal prices, Hydropower Bay and Tempo.
Power is due to the low availability of water and lower sales prices, resulting in a 13.6% decline in electricity generation in the first half of the year for companies holding holdings, and a double drop in electricity prices for Tanya Bay River, which has declined considerably in the second quarter of the year and remains optimistic throughout the year.
RMB, +0.3%, lower power generation and slightly lower electricity prices than in the first quarter. Yagi River has invested 1,224 million yuan in the company, accounting for the most significant portion of the company ' s profit level, and profit fluctuations have had a significant impact on the company. In the first half of the year, Yajiang achieved revenues of $6,895 million (-54%), net profits of $2,552 million (-13.4%) and profits.
The decline in revenues is evident in our view mainly due to the transfer of electricity prices to Chongqing, Sichuan, etc., but at this point, it is expected that the level of the reservoir will remain high or potentially high, and that the year after three quarters into the water-rich period will be more profitable and optimistic. The 14.7 million kW hydroelectric plant has now been fully developed downstream of the Yagi River.
The company, one of the largest suppliers of clean energy in the Kawakawa electricity grid, is actively responding to the trend of electricity market reform, putting electricity in the capital, selling electricity, and so on.
The company is the only company listed under the banner of the Kawasaki Group, which has received strong corporate support since becoming a major shareholder in 2000.
The former group has a number of high-quality projects, such as Qayang Power, Second Beach Hydropower, and Kawai Power, which have contributed to rapid growth in company performance and size.
At a historically low level, pb values are reasonable, and dividends are among the highest in large categories of hydropower assets, increasing in recent years, with long-term performance at flashpoints around 2021. At the same time, companies are expected to benefit as clean energy champions, looking ahead to their medium- and long-term development and maintaining a “growth” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.