WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Impressive growth amid uncertain environment
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB116.56
WuXi AppTec reported better-than-expected 1H25 results, with revenue
increasing by 20.6% YoY (including 24.2% YoY growth for continuing operations)
(Previous TP
RMB77.22)
and adi. non-IFRS net profit surging by 44.4% YoY. Revenue from continuing
Up/Downside
18.1%
operations and adj. non-IFRS net profit accounted for 47.5% and 54.4%,
Current Price
RMB98.69
respectively, of our full-year forecasts, both higher than the historical ranges.
WuXi AppTec delivered strong operational execution, despite ongoing macro
China Healthcare
uncertainties. As such, mgmt. raised its full-year guidance for 2025, expecting
revenue of continuing operations to grow by 13-17% (vs prior guidance of 10-
JIII WU, CFA
15%) and adj. non-IFRS net profit margin to expand in 2025.
Robust commercial demand drives CDMO outperformance. The robust
demand for late-stage clinical and commercial manufacturing has been a key
Benchen HUANG, CFA
growth driver for the global CXO industry in the post-COVID era. As a global
leader in the chemical drug CDMO sector, WuXi AppTec has substantially
Stock Data
benefited from this trend. In 1H25, its TIDES revenue surged by 141.6% YoY
thanks to faster-than-expected manufacturing capacity ramp-up. Mgmt raised
its full-year guidance for TIDEs revenue growth from 60% to 80%. Revenue
from small molecule D&M grew by 17.5% YoY, marking a notable rebound
from the negative growth seen in 2023/2024. In addition, the volatilities in US-
China tariffs seemed to have limited impact to the Company's first half
Shareholding Structure
operation, in our view. Despite ongoing volatility in the global macro
environment, we believe that the sustained demand for commercial drug
manufacturing is likely to continue, supporting the growth of leading CDMO
players like WuXi AppTec.
Share Performance
Expanding global capacity to support long-term growth. As of end-1H25,
WuXi AppTec's backlog impressively grew by 37.2% YoY, with backlog of
TIDES increasing even more strongly at 48.8% YoY. The mgmt. reiterated
their plan to increase the Company's peptide capacity to over 100k liters by
Source: FactSet
the end of 2025 to support the demand from both existing commercial
12-mth Price Performance
projects and growing pipelines. At the same time, capacity expansion efforts
are underway at multiple sites, including Changzhou (China), Singapore, the
US and Switzerland. WuXi AppTec has reaffirmed its capex target of RMB7-
8bn in 2025, and anticipated possible increases in capex in the coming years.
Recovery in early-stage R&D still takes time. While revenue from early-
stage R&D services showed sequential improvements in 1H25 over 2024,
mgmt. viewed that a meaningful recovery in early-stage R&D demand will
Source: FactSet
take time. Early-stage R&D services contribute ~30% of the Company's total
revenue. The global biotech financing usually serves as an early indicator of
early-stage R&D demand.
(WACC: 9.42%, terminal growth: 2.00%; both unchanged), to factor in the
upgraded guidance and the improved macro environment such as the US-
China tariff. We now expect revenue from continuing operations to grow by
16.0%/ 15.9%/ 15.8% YoY and adjusted non-IFRS net profit to grow by
16.2%/ 17.6%/ 16.4% YoY in 2025E/ 26E/ 27E, respectively.
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates. Estimates refer to continuing operations
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Note: CMBIGM estimates refer to continuing operations of WuXi AppTec.
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Note: CMBIGM estimates refer to continuing operations of WuXi AppTec.
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.