The high-end layout starts with lithium, and it's the tap of the lithium cell, the back-up of the power cell, and the company's research team starts up in a lithium cell field, advances in the lithium ion consumption battery, strategy.
Strategicly managing the intellectualization of electronics, along the battery applications landscape and industrial development, the other side is constantly investing in research and development and productive capacity, with high capacity expansion and wide product coverage. Into high-end international customers such as Daimler and Chia, three-dollar soft buns have achieved phased results.
Motivated batteries are expected to be the key to the company's breakthrough.
High-endness demands quality in the new energy supply chain. Lithium taps should be supplied with more than they need. Second suppliers should be actively sought to balance supply chain risks.
With security features, penetration tends to accelerate. Companies always stick to high-end supply chains, pick up high-end equipment and raw materials, guarantee first-class quality, join forces with ski, break through high-end international customers, and move on.
• Traditional operations are steady and the lithium and lithium-consumption industries are growing in size, with the introduction of power cell strategies 1) For lithium primary batteries, 60% in the country and more profitable (Māori 40%) to meet smart meters, etc., car-mounted e-calll, and smoke alarms for long-lived batteries
(ii) The need to consume lithium electricity, the variety of products, the diversity of applications, the intelligent clothing, the power of tools, the power of the mobile, electric bicycles, etc., provides a wide range of growth space for lithium electricity. (iii) McVell
The e-smoking business continues to outperform expectations and returns on investment.
Invisible champion of lithium primary batteries, posterior star of power cells 110 million latitude lithium energy: a new engine battery with fast-growing performance, the company is the leader of the lithium primary battery, the strategic layout power and storage battery, the company's ability to expand and deliver.
The output of power batteries has risen from 17 in 2016 to 7 in 2018. Depending on chemical properties, the company ' s products are divided into lithium primary and lithium ion cells, with lithium ion batteries divided by use into lithium and power cells.
1) Lithium primary batteries: These are mainly lithium, lithium manganese, and lithium iron batteries. They are applied to smart meters, etc., smoke alarms, vehicle-borne emergency call equipment, and shared bicycles.
2) Lithium consumption: mainly used in electronic smoke, blue teeth, wearable equipment, electric tools, electric bicycles, etc. The households are tti, glib, calves, etc., predominantly electric tools; 3) Power cells: company involvement in 2015 power cells, rectangular lfp, cylindrical/square/soft bag ncm all clothed
Bureau. 1 Client: Soft bag entering the Daimler supply chain, modern Kea 6-year order 13.48gwh, square lfp for Golden Dragon, Wootung, Gilly Business, etc.: 2 capacity: 9gwh, soft bag ncm in 5.8gwh, square ncm 1.5gwh, square lfp in 3.5gwh; 3 delivery volume: 1.3gwh in 2018
(lfp 1.11gwh), ranked seventh, with a 2% city rate. The compound rate of growth, coupled with a high turnover of liquid assets and a higher average of roe. Companies have been growing at high speed and high quality for many years, partly because they have managed to capture the trend towards the intellectualization of electronic equipment and the market for lithium primary batteries.
There has been a steady increase in the volume, the high quality of lithium consumers and the expansion of the application landscape, as well as significant and new breakthroughs in power cell and storage operations. On the other hand, companies are constantly investing in research and development and production to meet customers’ demands for new technologies, products, reliability and capacity.
In mid-2019, performance in the third quarter continued to exceed expectations. In the first three quarters, the company is expected to achieve a net return profit of 8.85-9.51 per cent, while Macwellq3 net profit is still around $600 million.
Figure 3: High growth in revenue and profits in the first half of 2019
Figure 6: Fifth (gwh) 1.2 development path in the company power cell load industry in 2019: Lithium primary battery plating lithium platinum electric power cell, a company that started with lithium primary batteries and became the absolute leader in this field, but with a relatively small income.
Founded in lithium cells, it benefits from the expansion of the market for smart security, smart traffic, and smart parking lots and hundreds of millions of dollars. However, the domestic market for lithium cells is about 2 billion yuan, the global market is no more than 1.5 billion dollars, and the growth of urban space is slow, so companies are beginning to expand to the consumption of lithium electricity.
E-smoking. The development of beneficial e-smoking has grown faster since 2013. Figure 7: Corporate business development process.
Structural changes at the site resulted in a decline in the market share of one-time electronic smoke, a rapid increase in the market share of the package, a decrease in the demand for batteries, and a decline in the company ' s consumption of lithium electricity. On the other hand, the country ' s new energy market erupted in 2014, with 7.5 and 331,000 new energy vehicles in 2014 and 2015, respectively, an increase of 323.8 per cent and 342.9 per cent, respectively.
The power cell load grew by more than 300%, the company began to invest more in the power lithium battery, and the consumption of lithium electricity did not grow faster for the time being. The construction of the multi-dimensional lithium power business and the intensification of co-development.
Business, then power cell and storage cell operations, creates good synergies. This is reflected in 1) some of the processes where there is an overlap in the production chain, resulting in lower procurement costs for raw materials, such as the use of aluminium, plastic film, equipment for general battery material and battery performance testing for both lithium and power cells; 2) customers with certain overlaps, such as automobile plants.
Businesses also need power cells and lithium primary batteries, e-calls, tpms etc., which are rich in product products for cross-selling. Figure 9: Creation of a “Lithium + Consumption + Power + Storage” multi-lithium tap; Figure 8: Significant increase in fixed assets and construction in progress since 2015
1.3 Three competitive advantages guarantee high performance growth 1.3.1 Power cells are high-striked, high-end positioning and market-recognized industries with high-end output deficits and higher concentration of industry, corporate power cells are targeted at high-end manufacturing, core
Soft-packing lines use Korean imported equipment, blending from raw materials to the core, high automation rates, raising $2.5 billion in non-public funds, building 5gwh power cell capacity, especially soft-packed batteries, which invest $400 million, significantly higher than other manufacturers.
In the area of passenger cars, companies have established long-term partnerships with leading domestic and international car manufacturers, such as Daimler, Jili, and Chia; in the area of commercial vehicles, companies have become Wootong.
Domestic manufacturers of first-class buses, such as passenger cars, Nanjing Golden Dragons, and Xiamen Golden Brigades. In the field of logistics cars, electric ships, you get demand orders from well-known domestic customers.
1.3.2 The traditional operations are steady and provide good cash flow support The profitability of the lithium primary batteries has been high, maintaining a Maori rate of almost 40 per cent for the last two years, mainly due to the fact that (1) the bargaining power: the domestic market of the lithium primary battery company accounts for 60 per cent; (2) low cost: large scale, technologically advanced (equipment from the equipment itself)
The cost of manufacturing is significantly lower than that of a competitor, given the high level and rate of dynamism of the company, the company ' s deep-drying lithium primary batteries for more than 10 years, and the provision of depreciation is largely complete, with lower operating capital expenditure; 3) the cost rate is lower; according to the early structure of the company ' s operations, the cost of the company is maintained at 10-12 per cent for the lithium primary batteries, and capital expenditure has been lower in recent years.
Battery plants tend to have higher pressure on receivables and cash flows, while cash flows for Lithium billion latitudes have improved significantly. In addition, McWell ' s electronic smoke business has grown faster and returns on investment are significant.
1.3.3 Strong implementation capacity above the genetics. The core team, represented by its chairman, has a strong professional background, and the company has a unique and highly valued research and development capacity.
The Ministry's manager participated in the 863 nickel hydrogen battery industrialization campaign. The company was created from a technologically overstretched team of specialists and production teams. Since the power cell layout, support for corporate R & D has grown, with R & D taking the lead in the industry, with R & D investing $395 million in 2018, representing 9.1% of the revenue.
In 2016, companies invested in the construction of 3gwh cylinder battery capacity, with customers mainly in low-end logistics vehicles, with high repayment pressure, and companies quickly adjusted their strategies, focusing on non-car markets, electricity tools, electric bicycles, etc., to basically digest the production capacity.
The capacity utilization rate has increased significantly and is expected to cross the profit/loss balance line successfully. 2. Power cells are ready to launch, breaking through the high-end market with a persistent 2.1-thousand-thousand scenario, and what are the chances of a back-to-back show?
Downstream garages have increased the demand for secondary suppliers to balance supply chain risks, as well as the power cell industry, which continues to have the potential to make a breakthrough for key customers, including the realization of a large-scale match to Renault's daily production in Shinwanda, the ability of the Mobil to obtain Daimler's orders, and the ability of hundreds of millions of latitudes to enter the Daimler, modern Keeya supply chain.
Lower-line firms are expected to compete, accompanied by a sharp blackout of second-line firms, and technology- and quality-oriented firms. 2.1.1 has been driven by the trend towards high-end supply chains, the growth of new energy cars since 2014, and the growing competition patterns in the domestic power cell industry, 2018
Biadi and Catl together account for 63.6% of the market, and the pattern of double-hatting is gradually evolving. According to the certification data, in May of 2019, the total number of domestic power cell loads was 5.5gwh, the volume of the three-bit and the volume of lithium in the Ningde era was 48.1%, 38.8%, the volume of the three-bit and the volume of lithium respectively was 18.4%, 21.1%,
In total, 63.4 per cent of the total, the lead manufacturer bound the front-line manufacturer, the size of the capacity, capital strength and supply chain development, behind the persistent high end demand. 1) High end of the vehicle pattern: in May of 2019, the a00 level fell to 26.7 per cent of the pure electric vehicle type (formerly 67.1 per cent) and the a\ao ratio rose.
(ii) Increased power levels in bicycles: in 2019, pure power by car was raised to 46.4kwh, an increase of 39% compared to 33.5kwh in 2018. High end demand has to some extent demonstrated the real demand under the flat price for electric vehicles + subsidy landslides.
The cost of power systems, heat management systems and electrical components for new energy vehicles is higher, and acquisition parity is difficult to achieve in a short period of time. For the a00 model, keeping the margins of a new energy subsidy equal to that of a fuel vehicle will inevitably lead to lower price ratios and fluctuations in demand; and for a level-a level above operational demand.
Underpinning this, prices are now higher than fuel cars, more profitable, and more expensive than year-to-year, stimulating demand to start and grow. And, with pure electric vehicles above a level, and the abundance of vehicles, private consumption is becoming the main driving force of demand.
2.1.2 The long-term supply should not be increased + the growth of the supplier of the vehicle industry ... Provides opportunities for later generations The entire plant rarely engages in single core production, mainly at the bms and pack levels.
Speeding up, technology routes are extremely risky, and most of the entire plant does not have the core technology for core core core production. Co-operation with the battery plant can reduce risks and costs.
End demand and high-end participation drive the high-end of the supply chain, while the supply of tap battery manufacturers is inadequate and some of them are too concentrated. 1) High-end supply chain: 2019 was the beginning of the launch of a new energy-purchasing electric vehicle model by a joint venture brand, before the domestic market was dominated by autonomous brands, with the power of a front-line company and a joint venture brand.
The share of high-end vehicles continues to rise, and the demand for high-end batteries accelerates further; 2) there is insufficient high-quality production capacity: at Ninder's time, the average intergenerational capacity was close to 90 per cent, while in three or four quarters it remained fully productive: 3) battery supply was more concentrated: the ratio of upper gas to one supply of Gilly was 90 per cent and 80 per cent, respectively, and the overseas market was powered by the start-up of the foreign giant's model.
At this stage, manufacturers, represented by the general public, Daimler, are eager to find multiple supplies, opening up opportunities for second-line producers. On the international market, the core mass supplier, lig, is under-performing, and Audi’s annual production of the first electric car is expected to be reduced.
Similarly, Daimler is also looking for power cell suppliers with global advantages, in addition to Korea’s Japanese battery suppliers, such as Kiski, Matsumoto, Samsung, etc., to secure battery supplies and seek strategic partners in the Ningde era and billions of latitude lithium energy.
Optimizing its battery supplier system as a result. Thus, the vehicle company seeks to balance supply chain risks with high-quality battery plants. Figure 23: Large differences in the capacity of domestic power cell manufacturers
The core competitiveness of the industry, the process of battery production is extremely complex, the control nodes are over 100, the process of a soft-packed cell is essentially consistent with a square cell in the first half, from blending to a polar array cutting, and the process variations are concentrated in the second half. Compatibility between the software, the process, the equipment is a test of the entire production chain system, and the combination of the good and the bad directly determines the power core.
Consistency and quality rates. Thus, production between cylinders, squares, and soft envelopes remains relatively high. Figure 25: Square batteries differ significantly from production processes on soft-packed batteries. Investment in power cell extension and research and development inputs require higher levels of funding, and second-line battery companies accelerate the process of washing cards.
There is a need for sufficient capacity to meet the needs of downstream cars, with battery depreciation costs generally around 10 per cent, assets not very heavy, total investment in single gwh at $400-500 million, corresponding to the capacity of 20,000 full vehicles (assuming a single-car belt with 50 kwh), but because the market is growing at a high rate, there is a strong investment in the battery company ' s continued capacity.
At the same time, batteries are at a stage of rapid technological progress, and investment in R & D is equally high, with LG chemistry and Ningde’s research and development in the battery field close to $2 billion in 2018, and the two-line poles are starting to follow up. Thus, the cash flow and financing capabilities of battery manufacturers are more tested, accelerating the shuffling of second-line firms.
Figure 27: Ig Chemical and Ninder Age R & D investment close to $2 billion Figure 26: Investment in power cell 1gwh about $400-500 million 1gwh fixed asset investment
In the Ningde era, I was in high school. I was in high school. I was in high school.
Multifluoride, 77.6gwh, 100.8gwh, 136.3gwh. 2019-2021 New Overseas Energy Sources, 134.0, 220.0, 31.24 thousand, corresponding to power cell requirements 54.4, 85.4, 121.3gwh.
Figure 29: Domestic power cell loads are expected in 2021, figure 30: 31.24 million new overseas energy vehicles are expected to be sold in 2021, thus leading the industry to build capacity and complementary R & D capabilities under high spatial growth certainty in the power cell industry
Stringing to bind one-line cars to perform the constant logic of the strong, but it does not mean that a high-quality back-up show has no chance of growing. 2.2 Soft-packed batteries come back, and high-end production lines are key to breaking down.
At the end of the show, on the one hand, the power cell industry tested companies' accumulation of understanding of chemical materials and production techniques: on the other hand, it was the ability of customers to develop, including accompanying research and development and customization. 2.2.1 Soft-pack batteries infiltrated upwards, “but the wind first”.
The most important hindsight for companies is that, after the industry has been cleared, development paths are clear, products are better targeted, and technological strengths highlight competitive advantages. For the posterior companies in the power cell industry, the latter advantages typically include 1) technological advances and process improvements, which can be drawn upon in mature management experiences. 2) There is a proportion of the national production of lithium power plants, some of them
A certain amount of space to control costs: 3) further industry cleans up, and production-tech firms highlight competitive advantages; 4) industry development paths are clearer and products are better positioned. In the company ' s product layout, a soft-packed core is set up with vehicles above ao class. A square core is used to match a pure electric passenger vehicle with a purely electric car.
Two types of low-energy-density mini-pure electric vehicles, high-energy-density-consumption-consumption-supplemented-small-micro pure electric engines, combined with the current output structure of the industry. Three-dollar battery output has increased dramatically. The company's layout is a three-dollar nickel soft bag, winning a spot. In the second half of 2017, the soft-package line was commissioned, and in April 2018, 1.5 gwh
In July 2018, the 100-billion-latitude lithium-capable subsidiary joined the company’s company, bde, to secure further expansion of the company’s capacity. The three-dollar package is expected to be handed over gradually in the second half of 2019.
The first generation of Toyota Prius, as a weak hybrid vehicle model, was loaded with cylindrical nickel hydrogen batteries produced by Peve (60% of Toyota shares). The same year, Toyota tried to launch a pure electric version of rav4 in the pure electric field, also carrying cylindrical hydrogen batteries produced by Peve. The first generation of cylindrical nickel global sales was 123,000.
In 2010, Peve changed its name to Primearthev Energy, with Toyota ' s share increasing to 80.5 per cent, while to optimize the battery bag space and increase energy density, Toyota launched a second generation of Pures-carried nickel hydrogen batteries.
Tesla selects the core of the cylinder batteries because of the production history of lithium batteries in the form of cylindrical envelopes for more than 20 years. The process is relatively mature, with the highest consistency.
In 2014, the global share of soft-pack batteries was once around 30%. The contribution of soft-pack batteries was mainly derived from the Japanese aesc supply and the use of lg chemical soft-pack cells in general, Ford and Chrysler.
Volt, volt, Ford Fox, Big Tex, and so on. 2014-2016, when Tesla’s new energy commercial vehicle rose, China’s share of the soft-packed ponds was squeezed. In 2015, 75,000 vehicles grew by 323.8% compared to 2014 and the volume of deliveries was 3.8gwh for the entire year.
(a) The subsidy of new energy commercial vehicles is the most powerful policy, with production tilting towards new energy buses, trucks, special vehicles; (b) the high level of inclusion of power cells in commercial vehicles, which makes it difficult for cylinder batteries to meet large capacity requirements; and (c) the technical lack of technology for the management and moduleing of domestic vehicles.
Grown up, it is difficult to use cylindrical batteries on a large scale: 4) issues of internal gas, external punctures and leaks are more difficult to solve for domestic manufacturers. In 2017, with the solar wind, Renozoe, and the general volt and Bolt models, lig chemical software was sold.
At the same time, the volume of soft-pack batteries, such as domestic energy and frugal technology, has increased significantly, and the share of soft-pack batteries has begun to expand. Soft-pack coupons have re-emerged because the problem of poor consistency and inefficient formations has been solved gradually, and they are naturally capable.
The advantages of mass density and safety are becoming more pronounced. 1) Safety: Soft-packed lithium cells are liquid lithium ion batteries with a layer of polymer casings. Structured with aluminium plastic film packaging, soft-packed batteries in cases of safety concern will at most be pulverized and will not explode like a steel-hull lithium ion battery. Since its launch in 2010, they are all over the place.
With 340,000 daily Leafs driving more than 7 billion kilometres, there have been no severe power cell accidents to date. 2) Consistency has improved: and soft-pack batteries used to be less consistent, less organized and less prone to gas in the import of high nickel material, as compared to the other two forms of batteries, as well as with the production process.
Upgrading, productivity efficiency and technological progress have improved significantly compared to the past, and this is why more battery companies are starting to produce and more and more cars are importing soft-pack batteries. Domestic soft-pack cell penetration was about 13.4% in 2018, and domestic new-energy vehicle soft-pack batteries were installed in 2018.
The total power supply of the machine was about 7.62gwh, an increase of 60.73 per cent, or 13.4 per cent of the total load of the machine, and despite the many advantages of the soft-pack batteries, the penetration rate in the power cell sector was only around 13 per cent, mainly due to two: 1) high costs: the low national production of aluminium plastic film from the core material of the soft-pack cell, mainly dependent on imports, resulting in higher costs; 2) industry
Artificially difficult: Soft-packed cores are usually stacked rather than curled, and during stacked slicing, traditional hardware mowers often cause hair-trigger and powder-free problems on the face of the cutting, leading to poor quality and serious effects on the finished product Battery safety, while residual dust can easily result in short circuits within the battery in a complex use environment, lightly.
At the supply end, many power cell manufacturers are accelerating the layout of soft-packed batteries. On a global scale, the first line of soft-bond battery technology is dominated by Japanese and Korean companies, such as lig chemistry, aesc, ski, etc.
At present, there are as many as 29 power cell manufacturers in the layout of soft-pack batteries, of which there are currently bulk-producing flexible-packed batteries, such as Beijing National Energy, Moose Technology, Man-A123, Micro-Multidynamics, Chewie Power, Lithium-Billion, Carney, with technological advances and the properties of soft-pack batteries themselves, the penetration rate will continue to increase and demand will continue to rise in the future.
At the end, the power package will drive more than 100% of the complex growth in the demand for soft-packed batteries over the next three years. The increased number of cars carrying soft-packed batteries will further boost the demand for soft-packed batteries, while, with a large number of power-cell plants and commercial-package soft-packages, the scale effect of the expansion of capacity will also drive the process of national production of the soft-pack industry chain.
The penetration rate of the package in the power sector is expected to increase rapidly, to 30% by 2020, and the need for the power package is expected to increase at a combined rate of about 100% over the next three years.
Lithium at 100 million latitudes is clearly able to expand high-end cars with high nickel soft-packed products, with the introduction of a skinovation team to assist in the construction, debugging and production of its soft battery production line, which was built in accordance with the technical standards of skinovation, ready for full import, with high automation and product design monolithic energy density above 240wh/kg in 2017.
During the second half of the year, the soft-pack line was put into operation, and in April 2018, 1.5gwh ' s soft-pack battery line was put into production. In July 2018, the collaboration of the billion-latitude lithium-capable subsidiary, the billion-latitude company, with the company ' s ksk subsidiary, bde, would guarantee further expansion of the company ' s subsequent soft-packed battery capacity, with a projected new expansion of about 6gwh ' s capacity using a bde loan of no more than $1.23 billion.
The sk Group is the third largest multinational enterprise in Korea, mainly based on energy chemicals and information and communication, with two companies entering the world’s 500-per-cent compulsorily. The skinovation (ski) is the company in charge of power development and battery production under the Sk Group’s banner, the leading South Korean soft-pack battery manufacturer.
To include the global auto industry giants of Daimler, Kia, Benz, Modern, North, etc., and since July 2017, Kski has been the core battery supplier of Daimler.Sk Group’s total power cell capacity in 2018 is expected to reach 20gwh.
The Group began the production of power cell research and development in 2005 as one of the first enterprises to enter the field, but the number of factories in Ssk was smaller and they were built late. The plants are currently only one in Rishshan, Korea, with lower capacity than lig chemistry, Samsung sdi, in 2017, and only 1.9 gwh in Rishshan, Korea, in 2018.
Expanded to 3.9 gwh, expanded to 4.7 gwh in 2019. But with the construction of the Hungarian Komalon factory, the Chinese Changzhou factory and the United States Jackson County factory in Georgia, the capacity of the power cell in 2022 is expected to reach the skinovation full-industry chain layout electrodes, separation film, battery singles, batteries, battery bags, etc.
The battery materials produced by skinovation include high-energy-density electrodes, sk-separated films, which are used in the battery monomer produced by the company, while the company produces battery and battery package products, forming a vertical value chain from the material upstream to the product downstream, with its own particular competitive advantage in the market.
However, compared to untied, lig chemistry, and Samsungsdi companies, which are relatively small in terms of installed capacity and production capacity, working with hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium can help expand domestic and foreign customers to win. In August 2018, the company announced a long-term supply contract with Daimler, and the high-end soft-pack market was “0-to-0.”
One breakthrough. On the night of 2 August 2018, Lithium billion latitudes issued an announcement stating that Lithium billion latitudes had entered into a Supply Contract with Daimlerag (Demler) to supply Demler with spare parts between the date of entry into force of the contract and 31 December 2027.
According to the plan announced at the Dymler Annual Conference in early 2018, the company will invest 10 billion euros in new energy vehicles, research and development, providing technology-to-supply chain support for the Mercedes-Benz brand, with the goal of issuing more than 50 new energy vehicles by 2022, with more than 10 pure electric vehicles.
The construction of six factories worldwide to produce electric cars, five of which are used to produce the next generation of eq-series new energy vehicles, while the Bremen plant in Germany and the Beijing factory in China will be used to produce Ben generationeq, which was listed in 2019.
The company gets a 13gwh order for the next six years of modern Kia. Kia has accumulated nine new energy products by 2020, selling more than 10% of new energy vehicles (including hv) and, by 2020, 28 new energy models, including 18 phev, 8 ev and 2 fcv.
Lithium primary batteries continue to lead the way, consuming a large lithium electric space. Lithium primary batteries consist of three main types: lithium sub-cells, lithium manganese batteries, and lithium iron batteries. Lithium sub-sulfuryl chloride, with a maximum energy of 420wh/kg and a maximum of 650kw/kg,
However, the current is small and used in smart instrumentation (mechanicals), car tpms systems, remote monitoring system power sources, military manganese batteries: lithium-manganese dioxide, higher than energy, more than 200whh/kg, larger currents, smoke alarms, etc., safety products (9v lithium manganese batteries), non-root charge systems, etc., rfid products (softly packaged lithium manganese)
Lithium iron batteries, i.e. lithium-disulphide irons, which are labelled 1.5v voltage, can be replaced with alkaline batteries of the same size, nickel hydrogen batteries, carbon batteries, zinc silver batteries, etc., as an energy source for ordinary portable electronic devices.
The company has been the absolute leader of the industry for many years, with a compound growth rate of 24.75 per cent and a billion latitudes over the past decade. Lithium was established in 2001 and was initially rooted in the lithium cell field. It became the absolute leader of the lithium cell in 2008. The city of the company ' s lithium cell, which was nearly 60 per cent in the country in 2018, has grown globally.
The third leading firm shows a very strong endogenous growth. The company’s three major competitors abroad, saft, tadiran, and Maxell, Japan, are generally focused on their geographical markets.
Table 8: The main competitors abroad include Saft, tadiran, maxell, whose domestic competitors are generally smaller, the company acquires Wuhanvu Ant, optimizes the structure of the lithium cell product, and strengthens the lead in the lithium cell. In addition to the already acquired Fu Ant, the domestic competitor of the company also includes Chengdu, Chengdu.
At the end of 2017, the company acquired all of Fou Ant's shares at a value of 150 million yuan after the investment, and in 2017 it collected $39.36 million. Fau Ante had the capacity to produce 80 million lithium primary batteries per year, dominated by lithium sulfuryl chloride (3.6v) and lithium dioxide (manganese oxide) batteries.
The growth space for lithium cells is mainly in the following areas: 1) the need for the renewal of smart meters: smart meters 7-8 years of their life cycle and smart meters have been popular since 2010.
In 2016, a gradual decline in the number of tenders for the national network began. In 2018, the demand for the renewal began to rise, and it is expected that the number of tenders per year in the future will be 2. The car-borne emergency call system e-Call:e-Call, as an important equipment for the safety of passengers, will require the use of stand-alone lithium primary batteries, and the vehicle assembly e-Call will be a trend that is expected to be scaled up in the future.
3) A smoke alarm-based security facility: Most parts of Europe and the United States have passed legislation requiring smoke alarms to use long-lived batteries, and domestic targeted measures are being initiated. 4) Other 5-g items, such as wireless sensors, are connected.
3.2 Lithium consumption terminals are diversified and industry ceilings continue to open. Lithium consumption batteries are divided mainly into small consumer batteries and 1865 cylinder batteries. 1) The former are used for wearable, bluetooth, electronic smoke, etc., mainly small soft-packed batteries. There are many models, custom-made designs, and product prices are more sensitive.
The competition in this area is more moderate than cellular batteries, flat-board computer batteries and market size; 2) 1865 cylinder batteries, originally planned for power cells, are gradually converted to consumer batteries, with applications mainly dominated by electric tools, electric bicycles, characterized by high standardization and uniformity and product price sensitivity.
In addition to mobile phones, flatboards and mainstream consumer electronics, lithium batteries in 3c are growing faster, with market space exceeding $5 billion. Bluetooth, wearable, electronic smoke is difficult to calculate, for example, using high-tech lithium 3c for other digital products, not including mobile phones, tablet computers, mobile power, laptops, etc., in 3c, 2017.
In China, the “3c Other” demand is 2.6gwh, since sales in this area are generally calculated as “one” and are rarely calculated on the basis of a picture of electricity, the unit price is generally higher, it is estimated that sales in this area and market space are over $5 billion, and the amount of products in smart clothing is high and there are many types of products that promote the demand for consumer batteries. According to the latest statistics published by idc,
Cars have grown by 27.5%. Large brands cross the border into the area of smart clothing, making the products that can be worn in a variety of forms, currently mainly smart watches, smart bracelets, ear-wearing devices, smart glasses (mainly vr/ar head displays), smart clothing, smart shoes, etc.
Figure 54: Global ready to wear equipment for delivery up to apples, milligrams, Wats, figure 53: Global ready to wear equipment for delivery (tens of thousands)
At the size of the new 30gwhh, the penetration rate is currently less than 7%. In the case of calve electric vehicles, lithium ion replaces lead acid batteries, with an extension mileage of 40 km to 100 km based on 1.5 degrees per vehicle, with more than 10,000 vehicles with a single vehicle capacity of about 1kwh, and 30 million electric bicycles with a potential 30gwhh requirement.
At present, the domestic demand for lithium batteries for electric bicycles is less than 2gwh, with penetration below 7%. Figure 55: Production of electric bicycles has declined, but the current size is still very large.
The global demand for lithium batteries from the top five electric tool manufacturers was 10gwh, and the number of applications increased exponentially in the use of lithium batteries from 3 to 8-10 series of electric tools. In 2017, the market space for unlined tools exceeded $15 billion, and the market space for unlined tools is expected to be close to $20 billion in 2020 (10 per cent for cagr).
Figure 57: Client tti pioneered the use of 1865 batteries in the tool area Figure 58: The global market for electric tools is expected to be close to $20 billion by 2020. 4. E-smoking locks core customers and gold development increases profits
Electronic smoke is an electronic device that simulates traditional cigarette work, consisting of aerosols, tubes containing nicotine solutions, and three parts of a battery. Traditional tobacco produces hundreds of harmful substances, such as smoke oil, heavy metals, carbon monoxide, when it burns, while electronic smoke does not contain harmful substances, such as tar, which is relatively harmful to smokers.
The electronic smoke industry chain includes upstream raw material suppliers, electronic smoke design manufacturers, downstream sales enterprises.
The industry and the international tobacco giant manufacturing sector are two types: the domestic brand market is small, and companies focus on foreign brands such as oem/odm. The world-renowned tobacco groups such as Femo International, Imperial Tobacco, British American Tobacco, and Japanese Tobacco, with their strong R&D, production, and distribution capabilities, are leading electronic tobacco brands.
Macwell, a technology innovation company specializing in the development, production and marketing of electronic aerosols and open electronic fog equipment, apv, has now developed into one of the world's largest electronic fumes research and development firms, Mike.
Welle's current business includes both odm and his own branding apv. McWall has core proprietary technology for electronic fumigation equipment, such as ceramic hair heaters, child protection, and the core team has many years of professional experience in the electronic fumigation industry in developing, manufacturing, customer channels, and provides corporate patenting technology to large overseas tobacco companies.
Electronic mist products. Apv's own brand of the Vapresso series of products in the open electronic mist facility industry has formed a certain market size and end-user influence in overseas markets. Electronic smoke was officially sold in 2004 and has developed only 14 years ago.
Over the past 17 years, regulation has gradually increased, market growth has declined, and it is expected that, in the future, as regulation is rationalized and regularized, technology has broken down, the future of the e-smoking market will continue to have a significant potential for growth.
Four major tobacco giants around the world, such as Fimo, In America, Japan, and the Empire, have deployed e-smoking fields. Fimo International has set business goals as “planning for a smoke-free future”, shifting resources to smoke-free products, promoting regulatory support for smoke-free alternatives, iqos markets, leading the tide of low-temperature and non-burning products, and the next American tobacco.
Macwell has a strong competitive core client base. McWear has accumulated in fogification technology, manufacturing technology.
With a strong and fast-paced clientele, such as the international tobacco giants as Ogia and Japanese smoke, who will continue to enjoy industrial dividends over the next few years, and with increasing investment in the electronic smoke market from the company's core clients, the company's growth figure 67:Mcwell's main clientele in 2017
The strong profitability of McVell can bring a steady profit bonus to the company, providing strong support for the company to pool its resources to develop its lithium power business. The company is the leader of the lithium primary battery, the strategic layout power storage battery.
Sticking to high-end supply chains, safeguarding product quality, and building up high-end customers to achieve phased results, is expected to enter the mainstream domestic supply chain. Lithium primary batteries and consumer batteries are more profitable and continue to grow robustly as intelligent products expand and consumption scenes diversify.
From a client support perspective, the market share of the country’s front-line car factory is around 5%, 10% overseas, and the company’s contribution is expected to be 1-3 billion dollars, taking into account the assumption that public authorities will enter the Daimler and Chia supply chains and continue to open up one or two cars in the future.
The reserve operations are currently in their early stages of development, with a low growth base, and are expected to continue to grow at a faster pace in the future. Etc generates more than $600 million in revenue, prompting an increase in net interest rates, and is expected to contribute $540 million in 2019.
According to industrial dynamics and capacity, McWeilq3 and q4 continued to grow at a high rate, with the first billion latitudes holding 37.5% of McWeil’s shares, and an investment return of $780 million expected in 2019. The power cell customers were not expanding and selling as expected, the expansion rate and capacity were not as high as expected, and the e-smoking industry was not as efficient as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.