Chemical and chemical products were affected by downstream policies, with slightly less than expected performance: the company released its 2016 performance report on 24 February and was operational during the reporting period
With the impact of industrial policies, four quarters of the year have seen a decline in performance. With the late arrival of the new-energy vehicle surrogate verification and the 2017 subsidy policy, companies are selling traditional new-energy cars during the season - the first billion yuan, a sharp decline of 59% in the ring ratio. In 2016, we sold 517,000 new-energy cars.
The realization of sales of 214,000 vehicles in the fourth quarter fell short of market expectations, resulting in reduced downstream demand, as well as a easing of prices for products such as electrolyte and lithium hexafluoride, which led to a decline in the four-quarter performance ring.
The policy direction remains positive. The price of the electrolyte has declined steadily. The Ministry of Industry and Communications has recently indicated that it has taken the lead in the preparation of the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, with a total share/flow (million shares) of new energy production in the country in 2020.
Family-level policies continue to strongly support the development of the new energy automobile industry, while industrial order has been orderlyly cleaned up following the completion of the surrogate verification and subsidy policies. Thus, for upstream electrolysis, the third quarter continues the trend of high growth, focusing on new developments.
For industry, downstream demand will also continue to grow steadily, but it is worth noting that since 2017-2018 will be the peak period for the concentration of lithium hexafluorate, the third quarter will continue the high growth trend, focusing on new sources.
They've judged their prices to be on a downward trend, now falling from a peak of about $40-45 per ton to the current 33-350,000 yuan per ton, and the corresponding electrolyte prices have gone from the highest.
We believe that the barriers to entry are relatively high compared to other upstream lithium electricity materials, and that prices will remain stable at a moderate and moderate rate. In the event of a public release, attention will be paid to the new lithium salt project in the future.
The shares have been cleared by the SEC, and the 300-ton medium-test line for the lifsi new lithium salt has been put into production, which will provide a good basis for future planned 2,000-ton capacity projects. We believe that future electrolytes will be more focused on additives and new lithiums to meet the performance needs of the three-dollar batteries.
The use and comparison of salt to enhance its performance, and the company's forward-looking layout of the new electrolyte material project, will open up new growth space in the future. In addition, the company's plan for an incremental project will build 30,000t/a battery-grade iron phosphate project, which will effectively use the bulk of lithium hexafluoride production.
The by-product, sulphate, pre-discharged iron phosphate material for the production of lithium phosphate is sufficient to reduce production costs while at the same time achieving energy conservation, environmental protection, resource recycling. Valuation and rating.
Lower than expected risk of lower performance as a result of downstream policies; the construction of lithium hexafluoride projects in the country is significantly higher than expected.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.