The product price rises and the new production lines are expected to rise, with the announcement on 21 March 2017 that the company has used $49 million to raise capital for investment in the construction of the 6,000-ton liquid lithium hexafluorate project, which has completed civil engineering, production and construction.
The installation and commissioning of the art equipment, which provided the conditions for driving the pilot production, had recently been completed by the company with the submission of the trial production filing documents to the local authorities, and the project was in the trial production phase.
This represents an increase of 94.25 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity is $395 million, an increase of 296.87 per cent in the same year; and there is a steady increase in the operations of basic acreage and personal care materials.
The company is a leading company in the electrolyte industry, with 20,000 tons of electrolyte production capacity, benefiting from the boom in new energy cars in 2016, a significant increase in the price of electrolyte, and an increase in corporate profits. As a result of a significant increase in the price of lithium hexafluorate from upstream raw materials,
But the company has 2,000 tons of lithium hexafluoride, which can supply part of the raw materials and relieve cost pressures. With the completion of this 6,000-ton liquid hexafluorate lithium production line, the company is expected to achieve full self-sufficiency of the raw materials and improve its performance.
Bidirectional layout of lithium electric material carrier Revenue structure for lithium carbonate/Lithium hexafluoride/ electrolytic fluid and lithium carbonate/Trichlorophosphate through equity participation
/The chain of iron phosphate has been configured in such a way that Jiangsu-chung shares have been added to the chain of lithium carbonate, and Ed has been added to the triad material. At the same time, 30,000 tons of iron phosphate have been added, 25,000 tons of lithium phosphate production line have been relocated back to Taiwan state, and the chain has been expanding horizontally.
Personal nursing materials remain one of the company ' s current main businesses. In the first half of 2016, the company earned $230 million in operating income, an increase of 21.44 per cent over the previous year, and the Māori rate reached 36.03 per cent.
The company’s internationalization strategy, which began in 2007, has now established stable partnerships with international front-line clients, such as the Bounty. State subsidies have fallen again: the price of products has fluctuated sharply; the pace of production of new production lines has been low.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.