Powerful branding and channel control have been successful.
Long-standing culture, excellent quality, and strong branding strategies shape strong brand power. In Brandfinance's "The Global Beverage 2018's 50-high-value list," the low-end brand values are in the white liquor industry and food beverages.
At the same time, Maoist brand values continue to rise, with the White Wine industry producing a large number of branded products as the brand's authorized model flourishes, and with the increase in branded products, the quality of products distills brand values in an uneven manner, while the Maotai adheres to “Strategic 133” to safeguard the value of the brand.
The company adheres to the “133” strategy and the two-wheel-drive product pattern of the series of wines. The company has built on the consolidation of the series of wines, which earned about 11% of the proceeds in 2018.
The share of alcohol is about 89%, and future series sales and ton prices are expected to increase further. Moreover, as our luxury consumption continues at a very high rate, the very collection of non-bills is expected to become another important source of control for the company in the future, with a higher direct share.
Strong brand power shapes the company's powerful channels. The company's channels are growing in strength because: 1) the company's brand is strong, it's good, it's good, it's strong, it's strong, it's strong, it's strong, it's stronger than the channel's push to give the company a voice; 2) the company's channels flatten; 3) the channel profits.
In addition, companies are expected to increase their performance by increasing their direct-account ratios and to further control their end-prices. Upgraded, the proportion of direct distribution channels is increasing, branding is increasing, price systems are competitive, companies are competitive.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Pilot Zone, 17th floor of the China Sea International Centre, B.
In the last two decades, high-end wine taps have become the first two easy owners, with the State of Guotai gradually catching up after 2000 with its high-quality Quality + Culture + Channel + Price System and a strong branding strategy, while it has historically been driven by a lack of strategic commitment, excessive diversification and a lack of commitment to the quality of its products.
As far as prices are concerned, they have increased the price of the terminal by raising the price of the terminal guidance and stopping collaborating with partners who sell it at low prices.
Tons have grown to about 15,000 tons, the annual compound growth rate is 4 percentage points higher than that of the five grains and fluids, and sales have been poor, active and well-placed, leading the industry to the top of the list.
The white wine industry fell by 53 tons from 1998-2001, as a result of the three-public consumption ban and Shanxi fake alcohol, while the tax policy for 2001-2003 led to a further decline in industry output, which is at the stage of decapitation.
In the case of the five-food fluids, the five-food fluids worked on the expansion of capacity in 1998-2001 through the creation of the master distribution system, the buyout and the negative layout of the oem model, but after that, the five-food fluids worked on the expansion of capacity.
As a result of corporate governance problems, strong commercial voice, and a combination of medium- and low-brand business wheels, performance has slowed. At this stage, Mao Dai is committed to boosting production, with a distinction being made between the diversification of the five-food fluids and the high-end production of the Pita Kuo State.
In 2004, 96 per cent of the country ' s profits rose rapidly, and after a decade of rapid growth in the white wine industry, the production of white wine rose from 331.4 tons in 2003 to 1153.2 tons in 2012.
In the case of the five grains, corporate governance issues have not improved during the period 2004-2007, while the rate of income growth has continued to slow.
On the one hand, as the production capacity of the station continues to be released and the marketing network improved, the market volume has been at the same level as that of the five grains since 2005, while on the other hand, the price of the station in Guizhou has been gradually raised as a result of rising terminal prices, and in January 2008, for the first time, the price has been raised to a higher level.
The price of the five grains is increasing the gap further by three price increases at the huts in 2009-2012, which were affected by the three-public consumption ban, and the collapse of government consumption, which accounted for 30% of total consumption in the previous period, led to a fall in sales and prices of high-end white and white wine from the forefront to the entire industry, although the price of the huts fell from $2,200 to 819 in the vicinity of the bid price.
But it is still a very small group of alcohol producers with positive performance growth, while production has remained modestly on track to the higher base growth in the previous period. All right, the negative development market of the five grains and the net return of the five grains to the mother has fallen sharply.
Poo-Dai’s forward-looking development of an empty market has led to a number of pro-distributors’ policies to capture market shares and accelerate price recovery. The industry began to recover in 2015.
In 2016, the White Liquor industry continued to recover, growing at a rate of 19.0 per cent on a high base, while in 2016, the low revenue bill was higher, and the high rate of growth in operating income and the high rate of advance-collection innovation showed strong growth in new consumption and confidence on the part of distributors. Moreover, white wine consumption fell from 40 per cent before 2012 to 5 per cent after 2014, with the corresponding public consumption rising from 18 per cent to 45 per cent, 2018
The annual consumption rate of the white wine industry is only about 0.13%. The public consumption took over from business in 2018 and the stock of the white wine was low. After the high-end white wine went into stock in 2017, most of the liquor companies were in low stock, while 2018 was at the same time.
The price side, where the white industry was largely driven by price increases in 2018, is expected to achieve business income targets in 2018.
As a result of the upgrading of consumption and the increase in the consumer capacity of the population, the combination of the “reek” and “face” characteristics has contributed to a higher proportion of the population's demand.
Figure 3: The first year of the rotation between Maotai and the income of the five grains between 2007 and 2013 started in 2004 when the net profits of the owners of the Mautai owned by the parent company exceeded the five grains, the white wine industry and the evolution of production
The lower prices/per capita income show that real consumer capacity has increased branding, strategy, and channel support companies occupying the high-end white wine market. The sustained rise in terminal prices has driven the price of low-end plants to higher levels, benefiting from strong branding, sophisticated strategic layouts, and control channels of companies.
In the last 18 years, the price of 53 degrees has been raised from $218/bottles to $969/bottles, with an average price increase of 18 per cent in 2006-2012, and in January 2008 the price of the plant was raised to more than $1 per grain, and there has been no decline in the price of the plant in Guizhou, and the price of the progressive upwards is in the top market.
On the power provider side, companies impose a requirement to increase the volume of goods delivered by distributors to 40% in the cloud market and sell them at a price of $1499 in order to control the stocking, stabilize the market price; on the channel side, companies assign a “red line” to the supply of the purchase, clean up the default supplier and cancel it.
More than 100 dealers are qualified and will no longer have new stores, dealers, etc.; in terms of prices, the Chief Minister has suggested that the price of the pot and series of liquor will be capped for some time in the future, while in 2019 the company will fight hoarding through regional differentiation, market orientation, and a higher direct-market ratio.
Two, the kook brand is very strong, and the brand value continues to rise, with 2.1 kowtow brands ranked first in the industry.
At the Grand Fair in Panama in 1915, Mao was awarded the Bananama Grand Exposition Gold Award, and with Cornek Brandy, France, and Scottish whiskey from England, known as the world's three distilled wines, which have since played a great role in the international arena and helped to create a powerful brand.
A solid foundation. In Brandfinance's launch, "The Global Breathing 2018's 50-highest ranking", the Maurdo brand, valued at US$ 21.24 billion, ranks first in the white industry. 2.2 Long-standing culture, excellent quality, and a strong branding strategy are in place for high-end brands.
1) The ancient culture has established the status of a mahogany. As one of the world’s three most famous wines and one of China’s three most famous wines, the "Mau Five Swords" have been for more than 800 years: the indigenous people of the Chihua River have been able to make wine well in the Great Pilgrim era; the gins of Han Dao is beginning to be popular as a royal gift; and the wine of the Qing Song Qing is gradually becoming popular.
To become a royal dynasty, it spreads overseas through the South Silk Road: Mao Dynasty became a foreign party after the end of the Red Army, and important figures such as Zhou Enlai, Deng Xiaoping, Nixon and others were confused with Mao Dynasty, which became one of the hallmarks of China.
2) A unique natural climate makes raw materials. The town of Maotai is located in the valley, on the back of bare water, with red soil, special climates, geographical conditions, and millennia of wine-breeding activities that produce raw materials such as microbes suitable for wine making, and fine sorghum and wheat.
It can only be produced in the town of Maotai, which is one of the major reasons why it cannot be replicated. 3) Complex and rigorous crafts produce the quality of the house. Unlike the fragrance type and the salami type of wine, which is part of the house, the complexity of the sauce and the length of its production makes it difficult and scarce to produce it.
The 100 different types of bikinis needed in the process of the exchange in Maotai contain decades of ancient bikinis, which are difficult to make, as well as professional tweakers, to stabilize the quality of the bikinis.
The process of making Mautai is timely and long, and the branding strategy is helping to create differences. The brand is set as a national wine with historical roots, a green food that meets consumption trends, and a high-quality world with the best distillation.
The brand value continues to rise. White wine companies have produced a large number of branded products as the brand authorization model prevails, and as the quality of branded products has increased, the value of brands has been diluted in an uneven manner, while Maotai insists on “Strategic 133” to safeguard the value of the brand.
“Strategic 133” refers to the creation of a world-class core brand (Kyoto Kotai), three national brands (Mauritine Princes, Moutai Hostels, Raakau), and three regional brands (Handy, Wine, Guizhou)
The company, through its “Strategy 133”, achieves “one thing, one thing, one thing, one thing, one piece of wine, one piece of wine, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name, one name.
3.1 The core single item, the series of wines, the series of wines, the two-wheel drive of the series, and the Maori rate have stabilized at around 90%. The company is flying the table as its main single item until 2014, with the company forming a company dedicated to the series in 2014 and in 2015
With the introduction of a two-wheel drive strategy, a series of liquors began to grow. The revenue from the series was about 11.0% in 2018, with an increase of 25 percentage points compared to the same period last year, with a Māori rate of about 71.1%; and the sales of the kyoto wine were about 29,000 tons in 2018, accounting for about 90% of the total.
The company has set 2019 as the “brand-making year” for a series of wines, primarily to improve quality and brand-making. The company has been expanding its range of wines based on the consolidation of the skyscrapers, while the audience for the sauce is growing.
Heart brands, three regional strong brands of Han Sou, Guizhou, and Wine. The series of wines in 2018 generated $8.08 billion in operating income, a 40 per cent increase over the same year, and in the last three years, the cagr reached 56 per cent. 3.2 Mao stocks remain low, and market penetration has steadily increased.
In 2018, stocks in personal hands are expected to exceed 2,300 tons, and in liquor dealers, stocks sold as old wines exceed 7,000 tons, of which the stock in alcohol dealers is expected to increase by 2,000 per year.
About a ton, and after at least five to 10 years, this stock will be used as an old wine market. We extrapolate it to the market based on changes in the group’s stock and assume that the consumer has one third of the stock of a professional wine dealer, and the results show that the total stock of the society remains low.
The penetration rate has risen steadily. We measure the penetration rate of the market by: the total urban population (millions)/the number of wine sales (pots) and the total population of the second-line urban population (millions)/the number of wine sales (pots) in the second-line city.
The penetration rate is estimated to be more than 33.4%, while the kiosks have a luxury property, and there is still much room for improvement in general, taking into account the luxury goods industry. Bayn’s advisory data show that our consumers contributed one third of the sales to the global luxury goods market in 2018.
At the same time, 27 per cent of luxury goods are consumed in the country, an increase of 4 percentage points over the same period last year. In 2018, our domestic luxury market grew by 20 per cent, while China ' s luxury consumption grew at a high rate owing to: 1) the rapid rise of the middle class to promote luxury goods consumption and the rising size of the high net population; 2) the population ' s capacity to consume.
Quality and uniqueness become the main choice of luxury goods.
High-end alcohol has always been a leader, while higher-than-normal-flying non-bill liquor collection has almost monopolized the super-high-end white wine market. The Chairman of the Mautai Board, at the distributors meeting, stated that the increase in the bottled wine in 2019 would be used to expand direct distribution channels and increase the share of value-added products, benefiting from structural upgrades in the first quarter of 2019.
One of the reasons why the price of alcohol has risen to a higher than expected level of performance is that the growing volume of non-bill investment can indirectly raise the ground.
The company has the right to speak out about channels, while focusing on the development of small businesses. The main channels are “regional total distributors”: 1) in comparison with the larger distribution channels, which are expected to increase in 2019; and 2) in terms of the size of the distributors, the development of small traders is more profitable than the enhancement of the company’s channels.
Each dealer has a limited quota of 3.58 billion yuan, or 4.9% of total sales, for the top five clients in 2018, compared to the five grain fluids and the silos in the county. The white wine business channel model can be divided into producer-led models, distributor-led models, manufacturer-to-distributor models, and company-to-company models due to branding strength.
Channels have the right to speak out, and thus are typical manufacturers of the dominant model.
Figure 26: Overview of the Mao Tai distribution system Figure 27: Trends in the number of distributors
As a vehicle for transmitting value to consumers, it plays a major role in the high-end liquor market, as distinct from other liquor companies, where the distribution rights of Mao Dai in Guizhou are scarce resources, mainly because: 1) because of its dual character as investment and consumption, the strong brand power makes end-marketing excellent; 2) the price difference between the price of the plant and the price of the batch is greater.
At 80%, the profit margin is much higher than that of other white wines.
With the exception of 2003-2005, where there was a price reversal, quotas kept suppliers out of the market at any given point.
When the price of the plant and the price of the batch are too high due to the high demand in the market, the price will be raised to stabilize the price of the plant.
High-end alcohol is located under profit lines after price increases are made, and when market demand slows down and prices are too low, the low-price policy is to control the price.
In March of that year, a shipment of about $1820 was flown on the roof, and the canals stabilized the dealer's profits as a precursor to future business earnings, with better access to advance receipts and good cash flow certification companies.
Due to the company's high channel control, suppliers have to make advance payments before receiving goods, the high level of advance payments in the industry indicates a stronger voice for downstream distributors and a better business than the white wine industry. Advance payments can be a measure of performance and, to some extent, changes in advance receipts do not fully explain end supply and demand.
By adjusting the recognition of advance payments, the performance of the Maotai can be stabilized, and during the period 2013-2015 the Maotai smoothed its operating income by releasing advance receipts; the high growth in the company ' s operating income in 2018 was due to price increases at the beginning of the year and the release of some of the accumulated advance payments (dealer ' q4 spring 2017, deferred to 2018).
In 2018, the company prepaid $13.58 billion, a decrease of 5.9 per cent over the previous year ' s base, due to the higher base; in the first quarter of 2019, a 22.2 per cent increase in business income was mainly due to product structural upgrades and prepaid reconciliations.
As a result of the latest money-receiving policy, some changes in advance payments do not fully explain the end-of-pipe channels and structural improvements that are expected to raise the price of tons. President Mao Dai Li Pavang said at the National Tourist Association in Guotai in 2018 that the sum of 310,000 tons of Mau Li would not be used as a distribution contract plan, 2019.
The sum planned for the distribution agency will be about 17 million tons in 2017. The market will be closed in the near future and will not be supplemented by additional investment in the distribution chain, which will be used to expand direct sales and increase the value added.
In addition, the company reduced 437 distributors in 2018, and this part of the plan will also be included in the direct distribution channel. We expect the dealer contract volume to be about 20,000 tons in 2018, and direct sales are expected to increase performance by direct sales and higher value-added products in 2019.
In April 2019, the company issued a call for tenders for 600 tons of vol, 53% of the market, and also issued a request for the deployment of high-quality group purchasing, supermarket resources, with the company focusing on listed companies, the world's top 500.
Businesses, China’s 500-strong, private 500-strong, more influential state-level chambers of commerce, and other priority groups. In addition, in April 2019, Mao Dai began to open up to businessmen, and it is expected that direct marketing will be completed in q2, and that the amount of direct business will be placed on the market in May to alleviate supply shortages.
These measures will benefit from improving marketing systems, increasing direct sales, and controlling product end prices. Transparency of channels will help companies improve their marketing and channel systems.
The process will be more transparent, with distributors being aware of the company as a whole in 2020, and companies will gradually disclose the number of distributors’ plans for inclusion in the system. Transparency of channels and upgrading of direct channels will make the company more robust.
Figure 36: Direct sales, wholesale sales and share 4.3 Group marketing companies formed for the long-term development of the company.
Founded with 100 per cent ownership by the Maotai Group, whereas in fact there is a sales company under the flag of Maotai Liquor Co. Ltd. in Guitai, a company responsible for the sale of Guo Tai Mau wine in 33 self-owned companies under the Maotai National Self-employed System, and the newly established Maotai Group Marketing Company will focus its efforts on end-users such as gang buyers and merchants.
Do. Current market doubts as to whether there will be a large number of related transactions, with a transaction amounting to over 30 million and accounting for over 5 per cent of the absolute value of the last audited net assets of the listed company under the Shanghai Stock Exchange Associated Transactions Implementation Guidelines; the Company Charter provides for a single project
Investments may not exceed 10 per cent of the company ' s recently audited net assets, i.e., assuming that the company ' s current year-related transactions exceed 5 per cent of the previous year ' s net assets, i.e. $5.642 billion, and can be considered as significant related transactions; this year, we calculate them at a tonnage price of $205.82/ton, and the results show that if the group marketing company owns more than 5 per cent of the net assets of the previous year, it will be able to account for a significant related transaction.
2741.23 tonnes of GPQ will be counted as a major related transaction, with over 5482.46 tonnes of PPQ approved by the Shareholders Assembly, and the actual quota value should be lower as the company will further upgrade its structure in 2019 and raise its tonnage. Furthermore, given the company ' s low-level drinking programme in 2019, it is assumed that the distribution will be 31,800 tonnes.
The volume was equal to 32,264 tons in 2018, with a breakdown of about 17,000 tons in the distributor ' s quota, a total of more than 3200 tons in total exports, 5,000 tons in direct stores and electricity suppliers, and a total of more than 2,000 tons in excess of the expected supply by ka traders, with the remaining 5264 tons in part or to be sold by a group marketing company.
If the company further increases the ratio of direct to power suppliers, the sales volume of the group marketing companies will decline further, and the quota rate of the group marketing companies will probably fall within the limits of what the company’s board of directors can decide. The group marketing companies will focus on “good growth, good stock management, better regulation, integrated markets” and social channels.
In the long run, the profits of the former distributors will not be affected, as long as the prices of the group marketing firms are not lower than the prices of the distributors, and the group marketing companies are set up at a certain stage.
It may be possible to address the problem of equitable distribution of the low-barrel quota in relation to the cuts in distributors, to facilitate a steady supply of prices through such channels as supermarkets and group purchasing, to achieve further flattening and price-control and to ensure a healthier price system, more efficient channel control and a more successful marketing transition.
The "6,600-tonne-tonne-of-the-art " and "30-tonne-of-the-art-of-the-shows" projects in the 13th and 5th Chinese districts will result in the production of 6,600-tonne-of-the-art wine by the end of 2019.
Yes, in 2020, the theoretical production was 42,000 tonnes per year, and real production is expected to reach 56,000 tonnes per year as the real production is higher than the theoretical production, due to the continuous improvement of the Mautai brewing process. In addition, the future series of wines and moorings will form a 1:1 production pattern, i.e., the poo and the series of wines.
The capacity will reach two “56,000 tons”, and we believe that this ITA project will contribute to the further release of the guaranteed chain of alcohol production.
Figure 39: The real production of Mao Dai is higher than the theoretical production capacity. The production of Mau Tai is expected to be 330,000 tons in 5.222019, and the production of Mau Dai is expected to be 330,000 tons in 2019.
In a real Mao-Dai, "A year out of work, only about 75% of the wine produced five years ago." Some of the remaining 25%, volatilized during the show, some left behind for later drinking." 75% of the alcohol, plus about 10% of the old wine, is sold.
The company announced a sales target of 318,000 tons in 2019 for about 85 per cent of base alcohol production five years ago, while the corresponding volume of base alcohol production could produce 33,000 tons in the corresponding year, thus enabling the company to increase storage while meeting sales targets in order to mitigate the decline in the production of mahoda in 2020.
Figure 40: The supply of mahogany can be smoothed in a variety of ways, and the mahogany can be redeployed to the bottom by filling the finished wine produced the previous year but not sold.
1) In terms of ton prices: due to the low price increase proposed in early 2019, we do not expect any increase in the price of the general skygate in 2019. In addition, the product structure upgrades and the increase in the direct camp ratio will result in an indirect increase in the ton price, and we expect an increase in the ton price of the low to 25.14 million yuan per ton in 2019 (no).
2) In terms of sales, according to the sales plan announced by the company, the sale of 310,000 tons of macho wine is planned for 2019, and 1) tons of the price: since the 2019 series will increase by 2 billion yuan on a par with the 2018 series, we predict that the price of the 2019 series will rise by more than 45 per cent, in addition to that,
2) In terms of sales volume: in 2019, we plan to achieve sales revenue of $10 billion with no change in sales, and we expect companies to meet their targets.
Macroeconomic downside risk, 3) High-end alcohol decline, 4) Channel sales are not as good as expected.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.