Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
Concern and concern. The Maotai Group Marketing Company, Ltd., is a fully-owned subsidiary of the Maotai Group, independent of the listed company Kutai, which has a horizontal relationship with the listed company, and is concerned that the controlling shareholders will compete with the listed companies, erode the profits of the listed companies and harm the rights of small and medium-sized shareholders.
On 7 May, a regulatory letter was submitted on the basis of which, first, the estimated transaction amount met the requirements of the stock listing rules for major related transactions, including quotas for the sale of Maotai wine, business channel planning, associated transactions and corresponding decision-making procedures and disclosure obligations.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) tons, the real volume of which may be equal to or slightly higher than in 2018.
With a total of 17,000 tons, it is expected that more than 148,000 tons of the pow-barrel quota will be estimated to be sold through exports, directly from the State of Gui Dai (600519), the Gu of the State of Yu-Dai quarterly newspaper, the Mau-Dai power provider, Ka-Shu, and the newly established group marketing company.
Assessment: After a quarter, product upgrades were the main cause of exports in 2019, amounting to about 2,500 tons, direct shops and electricity suppliers totalling more than 5,500 tons, ka direct supply of a quota of more than 1,000 tons after the arrival of new recruits, and group marketing is expected to take place.
You know, you're going to have more than 9,000 tons in a channel outside of the company, and the distribution of the bottled wine through the group marketing company is expected to be about 6,000 tons. The group marketing company will focus on the group buying, the business super, and so on.
Clients, cross-referenced with the public company Maotai Liquor Marketing Company.
Quantities rise beyond expectations, redefinition of space and wind
The Shanghai Stock Exchange Guidelines for the Implementation of Associated Transactions of Listed Companies stipulate that transactions with a value of more than 30 million and accounting for more than 5% of the absolute value of the last audited net assets of listed companies are significant related transactions.
When the Board makes its investments under the preceding paragraph, the investment in a single project shall not exceed ten per cent of the company’s most recently audited net assets, and the total investment in a single year shall not exceed thirty per cent of the net assets recently audited by the Department.
The meeting will not be implemented until it has been approved by the Shareholders Assembly.
The product-related transaction, based on a cut-off price of $969/bottle as a flat-flying plant price, prejudges whether or not to hold a temporary stockholders meeting to vote on: it can be seen that, at the price of 969, it corresponds to the connection of the 6,000-ton quota.
The amount of the transaction is still within the Board’s discretion, with a threshold of 6195.23 tons. If the product structure and the average ton price of tea in 2018 are taken into account, the corresponding amount cannot exceed 5593.73 tons, otherwise it must be reported to the Shareholders’ Congress for approval before the test can be carried out.
There should be fewer real thresholds, given the structural upgrading of products in 2019, further price increases for non-target products. In addition, related transactions, such as the sale of a series of liquor, need to be considered.
Second, shareholders are not the first to form a marketing company. But monopolistic forms are controversial.
In cases of explicit non-compliance, Maotai and listed companies are expected to be more open, transparent, and to disclose relevant and important information in a timely manner. Under group companies, there is a precedent for holding shareholders to set up marketing companies to sell listed company products.
The sale of some of the products was also linked to the sale, which was then incorporated into the stock company: the wine is also being sold with the help of the Chinese food. The above forms help to strengthen the union and enhance the combined competitiveness of the group and the listed companies.
But the 100% monopoly of the Maotai group, and the treatment of distributors without bidding, have raised market concerns. The listed company had already established the Maotai Liquor Marketing Company, which in the future could be partly cross-referenced, and the market was concerned that the Maotai group would compete with the listed company and erode the listed company.
Profit, and even influence the decision-making and motivation of the physical operation of listed companies, such as product pricing and the initiative to control profits from channels, and the long-term interests of small and medium-sized shareholders.
The form of a sales company shall be deemed to be compliant if it performs the corresponding decision-making procedures and information disclosure obligations in the course of the relevant sales programme and related transactions.
On various occasions, the Secretary of State has stressed: “The Maotai marketing system is rational and perfect, without sacrificing the legitimate interests of the distributors.” In 2018, the company disqualified 437 illegal, non-compliant liquor distributors, and in 2019 q1 was cleaned up and eliminated.
Four hundred and forty-four wine dealers in the sauce series have organized the distribution system and set up a group marketing company to build channels and ensure the legitimate interests of the distributors. Future group marketing companies are treated as distributors and will open up a more equitable and equitable situation.
Focusing on “increment, stock management, improved regulation, integrated markets” and social channels, we are now off-track, complementing existing marketing systems, building up marketing systems that are responsive to the development requirements of the new era. As long as corporate marketing companies offer prices that are not below those of the market.
The real prices offered by the legal distributors and the resulting diversion from the social channels, while safeguarding the relative stability of the quota size of the original distributor contracts, will be more effective in safeguarding the interests of the existing legal distributors and will also ensure a healthier price system.
From the perspective of shareholders and investors, there are legitimate concerns about associated transactions and the flow of benefits. We look forward to more timely, rigorous, and detailed disclosure of decision-making procedures and relevant important information from the perspective of the vast majority of shareholders, so that markets can see the state's wines and wines.
The general pattern of listings and the determination to maintain the long-term and unwavering commitment to the interests of shareholders, so as to dispel all doubts and restore market confidence. Thirdly, the short-term performance of group marketing companies vis-à-vis listed companies will be limited and will not change significantly.
Basics, long-term marketing transitions and channel control. The previous market argued that listed companies might cut the profits from the distribution of that part of the bottle in a large way, including by confiscating distributors, recycling dump quotas, expanding the direct sales camp, etc.
This is only the most optimistic expectation of second-tier market investors, and does not necessarily coincide with the actual experience of listed companies and their effective means. For listed companies, it is only by re-engineering the ecology of the channels, safeguarding the health of the price system, ensuring sustainability and stable growth.
It is the focus of the work. When the profits are set back, how they are cut, how much they are cut, and so on, they need to be long-term and careful.
In 2018, the Maotai Group earned 85.9 billion yuan, with a target of 100 billion yuan for 2019, an increase of 16.41 per cent over the previous year, which is 14 per cent higher than the revenue guidelines for listed companies. It follows that the establishment of a group marketing company is a long-term planned landing.
The income and profits of the group are more secure than the hundreds of billions of dollars. For listed companies, the likely increase in the volume of low-level alcohol in 2019, probably flat or modest, and in 2018, the contribution of income growth is largely based on prices.
Prices contribute more than 10 pct to income growth, whether to further increase the price of non-target products at the top of the list: group feeding is a short-term disturbance, upstate funding determines short-term trends, tonnage prices, or upgrading the product structure, adjusting the channels, eventually reflecting the increase in the price of tons.
With the elasticity of profits, we look forward to higher profitability and faster growth of profits when the cost is steady and good: 2, 17,000 tons of distributor contracts remain unchanged, and the remaining 15,000 tons are not all integrated into the group marketing companies, regardless of exports, direct shops, low-rise power suppliers, and so on.
The sales quota for the former Maotai Liquor Marketing Company has been increased accordingly.
More than 969 bids may also be higher than the average tonnage of non-compliant distributors.3 The formation of group marketing companies does not significantly affect the short-term performance of listed companies, provided that the real operations of listed companies support 14 per cent of income growth and the logic and basis for high profit growth.
Unless listed companies end up with pre-receiving pre-collecting, overdrafting next year, there will be a marked decline in the annual reporting ratio (in the absence of a significant change in the lending policy), prices will contribute less to income growth than expected, and both the Māori rate and the net interest rate may fall short of expectations.
The quarterly reports will be tracked to determine whether timely adjustments to logic and profit forecasts are needed. For the long term, corporate marketing companies will be established to facilitate marketing transitions and channel control.
When consumption is limited, the marketing channels need to expand. From the initial liberalization of distribution rights, increased distribution points, e-commerce, including vertical power suppliers, platform operators, and the launch of the Mao Tai Clouds, as well as the acquisition business of the Major Development Group, the distribution channels are flattening.
The group marketing company’s focus on acquisition and trade excellence will further flatten, diversify, enhance channels, and strengthen channels’ control. Fourth, the future price-raising process and price-equity, transparency, and transparency are the tests of the group’s operations.
Of course, the market is worried that in the medium-to-long term, the price differential for the next 20,000 tons of Mautai will be paid to the group. We think that as long as listed companies also have control over the price of their products.
There’s no need to worry about the revenue and performance of listed companies. Bold guess: the first and 20,000 tons of growth will also be distributed fairly and evenly in the future, except for sales.
Selling companies, direct outlets, ka supply, exports, etc.; second, if the prices of the distribution contract are raised or in some way compressed, part of the profit from the channel, then the group marketing company may also match the treatment of the dealer; third, the short and medium term.
See, listed companies can rely on related transactions with group marketing companies as a means of properly regulating the distribution of profits and ensuring the stability and growth of the performance of listed companies, especially during the three years 2019-2021, where the supply of gin is not available, and this is regulated by industry.
Guotai: Group feeding is a short-term disturbance, and Northward money determines a short-term move, a further guarantee of steady growth. So, judging whether a group marketing company erodes the interests of a listed company, it depends mainly on the pottery.
Pricing dominance and willingness to raise prices: EQUAL, and transparent prices for shipments are the test of compliance. A closer look can be made at whether the expected price increases in the next year’s court are on the ground, whether the price increases are on the basis of expectations and whether the prices from the group marketing companies should increase.
There is no problem at all, so there is no need to worry about it. Unless there is a significant increase in the future of listed companies in the share of sales by group marketing companies or group restrictions on price increases for listed companies, the erosion of listed companies’ interests becomes apparent.
So our overall conclusion is that the establishment of a group marketing company has a short-term effect on market sentiment, but not on short-term performance, as long as the fundamentals and logic are in order, it will soon be digested.
By contrast, market concerns and doubts are likely to be dispelled, without undue pessimism and entanglement in the short term. Fifthly, the duration of monopoly licensing agreements for Maotai trademarks is long, initial cost rates are relatively compatible, and the benefits of the group’s continued large sales by listed companies are expanding rapidly.
In addition to related transactions, investors are concerned about the transmission of benefits that may arise where the controlling shareholder has the right to belong to a trademark. To this end, we have traced and collated the ownership of a poo trademark and the licensing and granting of a trademark, as detailed in the attached table.
Appendix: Combination of information relating to the attribution of Maotai trademarks ipo offer disclosure: (2) 2005/5/28 bulletin disclosure:
Guozhou Maotai: Group feeding is a short-term disturbance, and the capital of the North has decided to move for a short time. “Flying Sky” is the Chinese Food, Oil and Food Import and Export Company, which began in 1958.
For historical reasons, the company will sell 2% of the annual amount of wine from the "Flying Sky" brand of the Guihai Maathai brand in 37 countries and territories abroad, including the United States, Russia, Japan, etc., less than the trademarks collected in the two years preceding the licence period.
Before the company was set up, Mao Tai Limited used the average of the user fees, and the price of the trademarks used to supply the food and oil companies with a certain amount of the value of the export of the bottle at a preferential price was a B-licenser.
The company has signed an agreement with the Food and Oil Company for the annual sale of 2% of the company's branded liquor, which continues as described above.
Using the "Flying Sky" Kuotai Liquor Trademark.
On average, during the year, the trademarks are assigned by agreement to Maotai Co. Ltd. and complete the commercial platoon, while the share company is required to pay the licence fee for the trademarks of the Group Flying Skills to be used in the liquor of the licensed trademarks.
1 per cent of the annual sales of the product. A stock company, a sales company, a group entered into a Trademark Licensing Agreement, which was granted by the consortium to the first two, the royalties of which were: the stock company's trademark users.
The difference between the annual sales of 1.5 per cent of goods and the annual sales of liquor products by a sales company using a licensed trademark and its annual total purchase price of the same type of products purchased from its own company is used as the basis for determining the sales company's payment ratio based on the share company's rate of payment.
There's an absolute priority for renewal. As can be seen from the combing, after China's Food and Oil Import and Export Company has obtained the relevant trademarks on a paid basis, the exclusive rights of the series of trademarks in Maotai are vested in the controlling shareholder, the Maotai Group.
A trademark licence agreement provides for a 50-year exclusive licence period: 2001 to 2050; a free transfer to a listed company after expiry; and a substantially long-term security for a trademark licence fee.
Prior to the free transfer of the trademarks, the price of the trademark licence between the GPR and its appliance was not less than $25 million in advertising fees.
In comparison, the initial cost rate of the trademark licence agreement between the Maotai group and the listed company was slightly higher than the value of the trademark, but was relatively reasonable; the exclusive licence period for the trademark licence agreement was longer and the group continued to operate in the listed company.
The benefits have expanded rapidly since the large sales were made, with a rough estimate of more than $1 billion a year. But considering the early conclusion of the agreement and the relative legitimacy of the initial set-up, the large branding and the size of the sale should be understood as the result of a conglomeration of corporate and listed companies.
The Panel has revised the licence agreement several times, but it does not deal with an increase in the rate of use, which should be understood to mean that the basics of the sixth and 2019 price parity, the increase in profitability, and the logic of high profit growth remain unchanged.
Guotai: Group feeding is a short-term disturbance, the capital of the North decides a short-term move, and the base was higher in 2018 because of the pre-optimal and over-performance of the puppies. The revenue increase in 2019 was mainly based on product structural upgrades and channel adjustments, and there were further price increases for non-target products.
After all, income growth will be based mainly on an increase in tonnage, so that profit elasticity will be greater. The year 2019 was a crucial year for the Maoists, and the share of listed companies in the group’s income and net profits was very high.
It will be achieved, and corporate management has shown full confidence. In 2019, the price parity rose, the income was fairly high, profitability was expected to rise, and the logic of high profit growth remained unchanged.
Some of the small and medium-sized shareholders have been skeptical since the establishment of the group marketing company, which has led to short-term changes in stock prices. For the time being, the main forces that determine the market price movement are land, stock exchange, qf11 and north capital, and their risk preferences and value considerations are paramount.
Factor. In the current macro-level context, it can be addressed only after a period of digestion of other secondary factors, short-term disturbances, such as land equity, qfii, and capital up north. Until the second half of this year, the price increases are expected to resume, or other fundamentals continue.
Without taking into account the logic of growth in 2019 (as mentioned above), we maintain that the group feeding is a short-term disturbance, that the funds in the north decide a short-term move, and that given the reasonableness and continuity of the pricing, we are based on a reasonable valuation level for 2020.
The biggest profit in the future, and they sell it on the assumption that there's a problem with Mao Tai sales, profit.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report