China Xiaoqing (603019.sh) Computer pc and server hardware iii. Main battalion operations are growing steadily, and the “Data China” strategy continues to advance
Recently, the company released its performance report for the first half of 2017. During the reporting period, the company achieved: operating income, high performance computers, a strong latency for nas storage, a steady growth in H1 performance in 2017: the company’s two leading business lines for high-performance computers and storage equipment: high-performance computer products in High China.
During the first quarter of the year and 2017, sales in the domestic market were the second largest. Corporate performance grew robustly in the first half of 2017, with significant performance in the public utility sector, with revenue rising by 80.24 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but strong market openings led to higher operating costs, affecting the Māori rate and making the overall net profit of the company less rapid.
Data China leads a strategic transformation to build a new engine for corporate profit growth: the company continues to advance the “DataChina” strategy proposed in 2015 and is committed to moving its business from hardware supply to data integration. The company successfully operates the urban cloud innovation model, with a cumulatively new generation of data centres established and deployed in nearly 50 cities across the country;
There are four sectors around which big government data, big scientific data, big security data, and big industrial data are actively distributed, focusing on the major opportunities presented by “data-driven innovation.” Healthy development of urban cloud operations will gradually open the door to profit opportunities in the future and increase corporate performance.
The cooperative industry giants have increased their technological reserves and strengthened the basis for corporate development: companies have worked with vmware to improve the ability to calculate technological innovation; with Jodón, Netapp, to speed up the next generation of storage technology R & D layouts; with md, typhoon, to strengthen the technological capacity for chip R & D; and with nivdia, to upgrade its in-depth learning skills
The company, through strong alliances, captures core technical capabilities, progressively perfects the cloud computing industry chain, up and down, and creates good synergies with the company’s main business.
The company recently issued a performance report for the first half of 2017. During the reporting period, the company achieved: operating income of 2,159 million yuan, or 29.15 per cent, and a net return of 67.74 million yuan, or 10.05 per cent.
(i) The leading position in the field of high-performance computers is well established. In the field of high-performance computers, companies have always maintained autonomous innovation, accumulated deep technological and market experience, and developed software and hardware products that have reached domestic leadership; in the new demand for e-based calculations, companies have pre-positioned, 2016
In 2016, in China’s High Performance Computer Top 100 ranking, the company received its first share in eight years in a row.
In the list, the company was ranked fourth in the world in 46 Hpc systems, and the top of the high-performance computer (ii) the domestic market in the area of nas storage was ranked second. The company's performance in the area of nas grew steadily, the company's product Parastor matured and the performance of single node 5gb/s was achieved.
The highest performance has been the sustained promotion of applications in the fields of hpc, oil earthquakes, video surveillance, artificial intelligence; video surveillance of one machine products, which provides the best platform for applications such as storage access to big video data, face recognition, and vehicle trajectory analysis; and medium-end high-end array products, which have been the winner of several tens of millions of graded petroleum and financial industries.
Data from the business statistics analysis report indicate that companies in the area of nas storage products in the first quarter of 2016 and 2017 are marketing, II. Data China leads the strategic transition and creates a new engine for corporate profit growth. Cloud computing is an important driver of corporate transformation strategies, and in 2015 the company proposed a “Data China” strategy, committed to it.
To gradually shift corporate operations from hardware equipment to data integration; to explore innovation in business models while strengthening nuclear technology in 2016; and to actively promote the “DataChina” strategy. The policy cloud is a priority area for companies, building their data platforms through cloud computing centres, bringing government data together and breaking down them.
Data silos and information barriers allow for the horizontal integration of big data accumulated by various government departments. Companies have also creatively developed, practiced and successfully run the city cloud computing service brand, successfully upgraded the state-of-the-government services, and have rapidly accelerated the construction of urban cloud centres.
The company has been actively developing a series of innovative big data products, such as Ark Data, Science Big Data Engines, around the four sectors of government big data, science big data, security big data, and industry big data, and has developed a full range of solutions that are widely applied in a wide range of areas, such as public security, social security, science, the environment, and intelligent manufacturing.
The company has developed a map of space stars for big data on the environment. Thirdly, the cooperative industry has increased its technological reserves and consolidated the basis for the company’s development.
In the area of cloud platforms, the company, in collaboration with the leading international cloud computing firm vmware, has formed a subsidiary to develop and promote cloud computing products and solutions suitable for Chinese users, and has subsequently released virtual management software cludvirtual6.2 and cloud computing operating system cludviewsvmitionv2, which, while achieving software security controlability, has significantly upgraded cloud computing flats.
In March of this year, China completed the new generation of the cloud computing operating system. In the area of storage, the company, in partnership with the leading industrial manufacturer, Jodun Information Promise, set up a joint venture based on the market and technology of China Science and Light and Jodun Information, and the development of products such as serversan, super-integration and flash storage, will accelerate the unification of the company's next generation.
(a) Structure storage product layout; in cooperation with Netapp, a wide range of technological R & D and market outreach in the field of software definition storage;
In March of this year, amd made public a server chip based on the zen structure, code-named naples, with indicators that compare to a high-level intel microchip, with an autonomous design and development that is authorized by the sealight to access the ip, which will provide a powerful boost to the development of a nationally safe and controlled cpu;
In the area of artificial intelligence, the company worked with the Nvidia to establish a joint laboratory for deep learning, offering a package of hpcgpu solutions, and this year at the gtc Congress, the company released the latest application platform for deep learning, Rambda, with big biomass maps and data-based deep excavation capacity, which has worked well in several experimental environments at the North Great Medical School; and with the Cold War.
(b) Fourth, the net profit for the next three years will reach 30 per cent, giving companies buy-a rating 1 and urban clouds will not advance as expected;
Growth is not as high as expected;5 systemic risks in the securities market.