Shen Jia, with the continued expansion of Toyota's production capacity, the company is building up a system of self-supply of lithium electricity, and recommends “buy-in”, which has recently been announced by Hirotota's expansion project to be officially launched in Nansha, Guangzhou.
The company signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with the People ' s Government of Compliance and Guangdong Sunshine Science and Technology Holdings Ltd. to promote energy and mineral processing projects.
With the expiration of the fuel truck purchase tax subsidy and the new energy purchase subsidy policy by the end of this year, there may be a disturbance to next year’s car sales. But, under steady growth pressure, there may also be new incentives everywhere. In the context of the shift to electric cars, companies are now steadily upgrading their products.
The group is improving the self-sustainability of the electric vehicle supply chain to enhance the competitiveness of its own brand of new energy products.
The expansion project was officially launched in Nansha, Guangzhou, with a capacity of 200,000 units per year, the fifth plant in Toyota, which will be used for the production of new energy vehicles. Toyota has a planned capacity of 1 million vehicles, and real production is expected to reach around 1.2 million vehicles (Huku Toyota's output this year has reached 100).
The new plant has already started to produce bz4x, the first of which is an institutional investor based on the e-tnga platform as a share of the circulation a.
To speed up the transformation of electric vehicles, it is planned to achieve by 2025 a higher sales share of the company's upstream mineral resources and to further improve the supply chain self-sufficiency rate: the company has signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with the Office of the Ombudsman, Guangdong Sunshine Science and Technology Holdings Ltd.
The signing of this framework agreement is aimed at consolidating the resource advantages of the parties, promoting energy, the extraction and industrialization of mineral resources in aluminium polymetal deposits, and the construction of lithium electricity in order to achieve a better electrodynamic transformation, the company is working on the core technology and resource layout of the additional lithium.
In October, Eian was set up as a battery self-researcher, which is expected to produce the first 6gwh of batteries in 2024. The company also published a number of self-research battery technologies, leading the technology industry. This company further refined its lithium feedstocks.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.