The company issued an announcement on the progress of the company's expanded E-A-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E.
53 strategic investors with a total financing of $18,294 million and a release of 17.72 per cent of the shares. The company is assessed as being comprised of Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group, Inc., Van Dynasty Group, China Mechanical Industries Group, etc.
It's worth hundreds of billions and EA's strength is recognized. By the size of the financing, this round of financing is followed by the sponsor, and the large state-owned holdings set up on the initiative are valued at $103.2 billion, which is the capital market's rapid growth and future performance for EA's recent years.
The main operations include the recognition of the future of the vehicle and the company. The EA 2020-2022.1-9 sales are into the fast track, selling 60,000 vehicles, motorcycles, car parts and components, manufacturing, manufacturing, etc.
Sales and after-sales services, as well as the import and export of cars-related products (12.2 million vehicles and 18.23 million vehicles, with an increase of 132.09 per cent in sales of 2022.1-9Ean on a year-on-year basis.
2022.1-9 A cumulative increase of 102% in the volume of pure electric passenger vehicles in the country was recorded on a year-on-year basis, with Eian maintaining a high level of regenerative sales, car credit, financial leasing, commercial factoring, and volumes still significantly higher than the industry level.
With the completion of the project, EA's overall planned capacity was over 400,000, with a maximum capacity of 600,000 in multi-shift production. With the volume of core technologies, such as Gep3.0 and Starling Electronics, EA's prospects are high.
(a) Industrial synergy between war-affected agencies and Eian: according to Eian Public, the institutions introduced in the current round cover both debt issuance and cross-equity presentations:
Industry, capital, Koda manufacturing, chip design and production of central core central sources, core semiconductors, replacement of the power-energy ecology of the Southern Net, the Internet-based industry fund, etc., and large national and local investment agencies, such as the National Central Fund, the National New Fund, etc., also provide policy guidance.
Corporate profitability forecasts and valuations: the BG still holds Eian’s shares, 76.89%, and EAN’s shareholders. EAAN is the owner of the BG’s pure electric car block, and is the engine of the BG’s autonomy.
The key players in the overall recovery, coupled with the continuation of a broad-based hybrid strategy (the roll-out of the MUP, the M8 M8 and the MUP), will jointly kick-start the full recovery of the autonomous plates.
On 20th,a shares were collected, with BWA shares 11, 8 and 7 times, respectively, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
General Gas Group (601238): Eyan has taken the lead in long-term capacity development, Master of Management, Li Jinjin Nankai University, many years of experience in automobiles and spare parts research, and has been employed since 2009 in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities,
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.