Summary of events: On October 27, 2022, the company issued a three-quarter report. 2022q3 wide gas group \triangleright
Operating income of $31.53 billion, or +51.6 per cent, was realized; the parent ' s net profit of $2.31 billion, or +144.1 per cent, was realized; the volume of autonomous sales was impressive and profitability gradually improved.
Autonomous sales performance has led to rapid growth in revenue collection. The total cost rate for the period has been 8.60%, with a gradual improvement in the ratio of 3.0 pct/ring interest capacity. 2022q4 is expected to increase steadily at a time when fuel truck acquisition taxes and new energy subsidies are being collected, while companies are pushing to market cars like Cool, aionyplus, and policies and products are growing.
The return on investment has increased steadily with the continued release of the two fields. 265,000 of the 2022q3 stock, compared to the previous year.
The sales volume has increased steadily. The sales volume of the two fields has grown rapidly, and the stocking of the high-profit new cars has continued, with investment in 2022q3 and the Gbargo Group (601238.sh) has made a quick assessment of the production and sales in July: the typo; and the end discounts have been liberalized.
Autonomy and joint ventures are on the way, with Eiana’s round of financing expected to maintain a high growth in sales in 2022/L. In July, the Boaing Group announced that it would terminate Guangfik and end the loss-and-loss-good company’s long-term performance release.
2. In-depth report by the Volkswagen Group (601238.sh): State companies have changed their way into pioneers, technology-type vehicles have changed their way of financing 2022/07/06 a wheels, and Eian has completed the industry chain-close layout.
In terms of the ecological layout, the battery test line was opened in February, the Energy Section was set up in July.
In the field of power switching, in August, the company was set up, the battery technology company was set up, and in collaboration with the lithium industry strategy, the upstream raw materials of Bureau 2022/07/06, and the self-research of the batteries of the company was established in October.
In the case of products and brands, the whole product has been marketed and high-end super-runhyper has been launched.
Robust 2022/05/09 ssr, leading the brand upwards. On the output layout, the second plant (200,000 per year) was completed in February and completed in October, with 400,000 per year. On the institutional reform, EAan in October.
A round of $18.3 billion in financing, valued at over $100 billion, will focus on the development and industrialization of core technologies, such as batteries, smart driving, smart cabins, and so on, to improve the core competitiveness of products. The market transformations have given rise to dynamism, and the expansion of production + replacement-led sales, and companies are expected to come from major loss points.
\triangleright A strong rise in autonomy is expected to be a core growth point for performance, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.