In November 2022, the company released a short notice of the production and sale of 212,714 vehicles in November.
9.04 per cent decline in the same year, with a cumulative production of 2,280,163 vehicles for the current year, representing an increase of 21.92 per cent for the same year; November, large state holdings established as co-sponsors by group companies, China Mechanical Industries Group, etc.
This is an increase of 16.60% over the same period. The following is the assessment: A stock-based consortium.
Development, manufacture, sale and after-sale services for vehicles, motorcycles, parts and components of cars, and import and export of automobile-related products
Trade, car rental, second-hand car, logistics, dismantling, 9420 people, up to 165498 by 30 November 2022.
In November, the total number of Electrified vehicles (new-energy vehicles + energy-efficient vehicles) was 68,478, raising their share of sales to 36%.
In November, the number of new cars sold was 4972, the highest since the year.
In November, 30,015, 25,807 vehicles were sold in the same vehicle, a decline of 14.64% and 27.45%. Since last year, there has been a series of rolls on the market of the leopards, the new gs8, the cooler, the new leopard hev, and the new m8, which are designed and powered compared to the same level of competition.
But new models are marketed for lack of cores, recurrent outbreaks, and so on, and sales of new models are not as high as expected. We believe that, as the effects of the above-mentioned factors are mitigated, and the power of hybrid technology is superimposed, the distribution is expected to recover.
The sales volume was stable, and the sales performance was not as bad as the sales: in November it was 85,950 and 85,200, respectively, with an increase of 1.33 per cent and 0.24 per cent respectively. The sales volume was more resilient. In the previous November, the sales volume was 930,808, an increase of 27.60 per cent.
In November, there was a sharp drop in sales of Honda, with 60,793 and 46,874, respectively, which led to a decline in sales of old-fashioned vehicles. In the case of wisdom, the average sales for the first and second months of the month in 2022.1-09 was 10435, and with the easing of the impact of the epidemic, the main vehicles, such as Jitsu, Shakage, Yakaku and others, were replaced.
Corporate profitability projections and valuations: We look at the medium- and long-term trends of the company, the overall recovery of the autonomous plates, the continued growth of the two fields and the stripping of the Guangfik have led to the growth of the joint ventures. We expect the company to maintain a “strongly recommended” rating of 12, 9 and 8 times.
The financial boom in the east, the financial boom in the east, the financial boom in the east, and the financial boom in the east, as the impact of the epidemic fell in November.
East Hing Securities reported that the impact of the epidemic had decreased sales in November.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.