The company issued its third-quarter report in 2022, and the company became operational in the first three quarters of 2022.
Revenues of $80.367 billion, or +44.77 per cent of the year; net returns of $8.062 billion to mothers, or the rise of self-government, or (i) to boost sales to a new level, resulted in a significant increase in operating income.
In the past three quarters, the company achieved business income of 80.367 billion yuan, the same as in the previous three quarters.
Ring comparison -0.17 pct. The company’s performance can be sustained in the fourth quarter as demand and supply continue to be repaired, pressure on raw materials subsides, the company’s high volume of product sales rises and scale effects appear.
(ii) Increased cost-control capabilities and a steady increase in overall R & D inputs. The cost of corporate sales in the first three quarters of 2022 was 4.56 per cent, compared to 1.15 ptt; the management cost was 3.80 per cent, compared to (iii) Eian's success in the financing battle, which led to an orderly increase in production capacity.
Replenished strategic investors, with a total of 18,294 million in financing, over $3.3 billion. This Eana round of finance was a major source of concern, far exceeding expectations in terms of the number of investments and the amount of financing.
The company’s new energy sources are expected to have a positive impact on the up-and-down layout and cost compression. Wide-gas Eian II plant, which fell offline for the first time, was designed to produce 400,000 units, with a maximum capacity of 600,000 units, and EA, with a capacity of 300,000 to 400,000 plants, is expected to make a profit.
(iv) The company is actively developing batteries to ensure stability in the supply chain and reduce the volume of support products. The Division has given high priority to the autonomous production of new energy batteries in batteries, and on 25 August this year adopted two levels.
The bill on the industrialization of batteries allows for the establishment of a battery company to carry out an autonomous battery industrialization project, and for the construction of a battery production base for the company Guangzhou Mega Bay Technology and Research Ltd. to produce a quantity of power cores, modules, and pack systems for fast charged batteries. According to the plan, the battery is autonomous.
The plant will be built by the end of this year, with a 26.8-wh production line to be built by 2025. The first product will use a wide-blown, auto-autonomous lithium phosphate technology and reduce the number and cost of spare parts through structural optimization. Possession of the battery technology will help companies to obtain competitive outsourcing, joint ventures, and self-research in power cell supply.
The self-produced “three ways together” further guarantees the stability of the battery supply chain and reduces the procurement of core spare parts. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.