iii 2404 Camp ii, expected to continue with high innovation and the successful launch of the Hong Kong.
On November 7, 2024, Hong Kong, United States of America, issued an announcement on voluntary disclosure of the 2024 business performance forecast adjustment. Once again, the year-round collection forecast is up, and the 24q4 harvest is expected to continue with a high level of innovation, and as the year approaches, the company has made a more detailed assessment of its business performance throughout the year.
Progress, product delivery plans, and customer acceptance arrangements have created a clearer expectation of the number of equipment that can be delivered and received by the customer by the end of the year. As a result, the company will benefit from the continued demand for equipment in the semiconductor industry in China throughout the year 2024, with the company relying on technological advantages, product maturity and markets.
Recognition, income growth and growth; 2) Companies have achieved significant results in new customer outreach and market development, and have successfully opened up new markets and developed new customers: 3) The company’s new products are gradually gaining customer approval.
The product covers a market of about $20 billion, and the successful commissioning of the port is expected to yield 10 billion. The United States adheres to the strategy of “technology differentiation” and “product platforming” and successfully sets up seven large plate products, namely, cleaning equipment, plating equipment, advanced encapsulation and wetting equipment, stand-up tube equipment, coating equipment, pecvd
Sun Peak equipment and panels can cover the market by about $20 billion. As a flagship of cleaning and plating equipment, Sumi has already covered 95% of process-step applications, plating equipment is fully covered with technology, all products are produced.
Wang Haiwei has autonomous intellectual property rights and has a number of original technologies, including two generations of sound-wave cleaning and a single-cell-style combination-cleaning technology, which is internationally advanced.
Wu Jia Yeung has entered multiple customer lines of production in bulk, glue-records are now being certified on the client, and plasma-enhanced chemical phase deposition pecvd is being developed. In addition, the panel-level envelope is missing the ai chip.
On the road to development, Shenxia has taken the lead in launching three pieces of panel-grade plating, negative-pressure cleaning, and edge etching equipment. Shenxie Shanghai: the year-round harvest forecast, platform building, October 2024, the centre for the development and manufacture of equipment was inaugurated and officially launched.
Effectively -- Joaquin Securities-Electronic-Shanghai-Shanghai -- Quick, with two R & D buildings, two plants and an ancillary plant, with a total of 138,000 square metres. The plant has 40,000 square metres, with two plants a and b. The capacity of the plant a alone can reach its current capacity.
Sumei Shanghai: 4,000 cavities were successfully delivered, synchronised, 300-400 units were produced per year, worth more than $5 billion per year, and there was an increase in the development of the platform building -- Joaquin Securities, Electronics, Semami-Shanghai --
Potential. Two plants are expected to be worth 10 billion by 2025 when they are renovated. At present, the first measuring device, kla-tencorpsurfscansp7, has been installed in the R & D cleaner room and can be measured by the company.
On November 11, 2024, the company issued a statement (declaration) on stock-stock collection for specific targets, with a total proposed fund raising of up to 4.5 billion yuan, including R & D and process-testing platform construction projects and high end semiconductors.
The equipment iterative R & D project is intended to use a total of 940 million yuan and 2,255 million yuan, respectively, to supplement liquidity. Through the R & D and process testing platform construction projects, companies will build on the experience of international semiconductor infrastructure.
Cmp, ion infusors, etc. Outsourcing equipment, combined with home-made multi-process equipment, has built their own R & D and Art testing platforms to improve the industrial layout of the R & D testing chain of companies, upgrade R & D capabilities and accelerate the implementation of corporate platform strategic objectives. Companies will scale up R & D inputs through high-end semiconductor equipment iterative R & D projects.
Continue to promote product-alternation upgrades and stubble tubes, coating film tracks, and plasma-enhanced chemical deposition pecvd equipment, three new products. Investment proposal: In view of the smooth delivery of company orders and the gradual acceptance of new products by customers, we have moved up to the company.
In keeping with the strategy of technological differentiation, product platforming, and customer globalization, leading firms are moving towards a platform-based semi-carrier group, benefiting significantly from the continued expansion of downstream client capacity.