The long-term growth potential of the new product certification company.
The company has recently received purchase orders for four crystal-crystal sealing equipment from overseas clients, including coatings, visualization, wet etching and scrubbing, marking further enrichment of the company ' s product lines in the field of semiconductor equipment, and further validation of the company ' s research and development manufacturing and innovation capabilities.
Looking ahead, thanks to the growing demand in the domestic semiconductor equipment market, the rising competitive edge of companies in the area of cleaning equipment, and the continuous rapid growth in the performance of new semiconductor equipment products.
Purchase orders for the encapsulating equipment are all American customers. The order equipment consists of coating, visualization, wetting, etching and scrubbing equipment, marked as new processes beyond the semiconductor cleaning equipment field, validated and further enriched its product lines, embodying a strong R & D manufacturing and innovation capability.
In the second quarter, the company achieved a single income of $1.48 billion, while yoy grew by 49.1 per cent, qoq by 61 per cent and costs increased by 63 per cent to 350 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, maintaining a high level of R&D intensity. At the same time, company sales costs and management costs increased by 86 per cent, respectively, as a result of the increase in sales and after-sales personnel.
Profit forecast: Looking ahead, in addition to deep-deep cleaning equipment, the company actively expands the product mix of semiconductor equipment fields, successively rolling out electroplating equipment, copper removal equipment, advanced encapsulation wet equipment, stand-up tube equipment, etc., and in core equipment areas such as front-curve film track equipment, pecvd, etc.
Realising net annual profits of $1.13 billion, $1.46 billion and $1.81 billion, yoy grew by 24 per cent and 30 per cent from Chinaresearchdept. Chinaresearchdept.