The demand for national production of equipment is strong, with q3 revenues at a record high investment rating: buying (maintaining) billions of yuan, a 13 per cent increase in the same year; withholding non-net profits of $700 million, a 16 per cent increase in the same year.
The company achieved revenues of 1.6 billion yuan in 24q3, a 6 per cent ring increase, a 38 per cent increase in the same year; the parent ' s demand for national production of equipment was strong, and the q3 income was historically high, benefiting from the high demand for national production of Chinese semiconductor equipment, while benefiting from the company ' s presence in new customers and cities.
The expansion of the field, the gradual recognition of new products, the q3 quarter income of $1.6 billion, the first-ever comparison of company prices with the 300-year-old trend, the ongoing expansion of products from cleaning to areas such as pecvd, and the improvement of product layout.
In March 2024, the company upgraded its products, successfully delivered 4,000 wetware cavities, and displayed the latest technology at the Semicon China Fair. In May, the company launched a tangled crystalline for advanced encapsulations.
Cleaning equipment, which effectively reduces the use of chemicals in production, is environmentally and cost-effective. The company based on the competitive advantage of cleaning equipment, constantly extends the product to coating, pecvd, etc., and improves the layout of the product.
The application of new ultracbev-p panel edge etching devices, designed for edge etching and cleaning in copper-related processes, can also handle edge etchings on the front and back of the panel, significantly increasing process efficiency and product reliability.
For the United States of America, Shanghai: Three quarters of performance meets expectations, with eight years of buyer investment experience in the Fund's Investment Department, among others, in the continuous release of high levels of hand orders.
Li Mei-hyun, Master of Arts, Chinese People’s University, joined the Huaan Securities College in January 2024. He worked in the E-Computer and Telecommunications industry for four years. He was good at retracers overseas, focusing on the areas related to analog chips and soc, fpga, gpu, etc.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.