On November 11, the company disclosed a notice that applications for shares in a specific issue would be accepted by the Shanghai Stock Exchange. 24q3 registered a significant increase in net profits. 24q3 generated $1,573 million.
+37.97% of the same year, largely benefiting from the continued high demand for equipment in the semiconductor industry in China, and the growing income of companies based on technological advantages, product maturity and market recognition: companies have been successful in expanding new customers and developing new markets.
Opening new markets and developing a number of new customers have raised the overall level of operating income; the new public sector product is gradually gaining customer approval and income is steadily increasing. The company ' s 24q3 is being returned to the dollar, compared to +31.41, mainly as a result of the company ' s main business income and the growth of Maori.
On that day, the company had a total of $6,665 million in hand orders, all of which were contracted; acm research,
By this year, and taking into account, inter alia, the ongoing progress in the implementation of hand orders and product delivery plans, companies will show a high growth trend in the volume of their shipments this year.
The current company has decided, on the basis of the latest business and market conditions, to reset it. The company has made a more detailed assessment of its business performance throughout the year, mainly as the year approaches.
Receiving and inspection arrangements result in a clearer expectation of the number of items of equipment that can be delivered and received by clients by the end of the year. Thus, the company readjusted its business performance estimates for 2024 to more accurately reflect the actual performance of the company.
"Purge + plating + advanced encapsulation + tile tube + coating + pecvd" six major categories of self-innovated innovation equipment are gradually gaining ground. Companies, based on ownership, have successfully developed the first global innovation through years of technological research and development and process accumulation.
The saps, tebo megasonics and tahoe single slot combination cleaning techniques can be applied in the field of crystal circle cleaning at 45 nm and below, which can effectively address the problem of post-coated organic contamination and particle cleaning and significantly reduce chemical reagents such as sulfate.
Usage, while helping clients reduce production costs, meets the need for energy-saving emission reductions. The company’s technology in the area of megasonic single-simple cleaning equipment, single-simple combination cleaning equipment, and copper interconnection plating equipment is an international leader.
Power pushed the stand-alone tube ald device to two key Chinese clients: the first, self-acknowledged, ultralith, successfully delivered to China's customers the front-way alf process of gel track equipment, which has already begun to be developed.
The company has recently introduced three panels, including horizontal plating equipment, edge etching equipment and negative pressure, to support the production of logical and storage chips.
Cleaning equipment, focusing on future large-scale ai chip encapsulation. So, the company forms a six-category business plan for "Clean washing + electroplating + advanced encapsulation + tiles + coating + pecvd" that supports the company 'sam (serviableaviablemarket, available)
Designing to raise up to $4.5 billion in additional R & D testing capacity, enabling platforming 1) The company intends to raise $940 million for the R & D & T test platform construction project, which is expected to have a four-year construction cycle; this project will draw on international half-years
Experience with the establishment of a test line for self-processing process testing by a pilot company with the use of the company's already existing process testing chambers to simulate the production environment of the crystal circle manufacturing plant, with the necessary R & D test instrumentation and out-purchase equipment such as luminators, cmps, ion injections, etc., combined with self-contained equipment.
The development of multi-process equipment, the development of integrated circuit equipment development and process testing platforms to improve the industrial layout of the company's R & D testing process, the upgrading of R & D testing capabilities and the provision of improved testing support services for companies from R & D to stereotyping of their products will effectively reduce public spending.
The R & D validation cycle for the Division's products, improving the efficiency of R & D and accelerating the implementation of corporate platform and globalization strategic objectives. 2) The company intends to invest $2,255 million in “high end semiconductor equipment”
An iterative R & D project, with a projected construction cycle of four years; the project will continue to promote product replacement upgrades and stereotubes, coatings and photolithics, and the development of three new products for chemical gas deposition pecvd equipment.
In the period 2025-2026, the company pecvd, track started to realize sales revenue, and it is expected that as the market for these two items of equipment continues to expand, it will again contribute to higher corporate performance. In the longer term, corporate performance will increase.
The long term will also benefit from the expansion of the overseas market, with the company ' s forward goal of contributing half of its revenue to both domestic and overseas markets. (3) At the same time, the company intends to raise $1,304 million to supplement liquidity.
Gold, which helps to relieve pressure on liquidity demand in the course of corporate business development, protects the risk of uncertainty in the external environment: the risk of technology overlap: the risk of market failure; and the risk of downstream expansion.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and equitable, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, asset management companies, specific clients.