Tail cement (600585.sh) 2022: q4 marginal income improvement, year-round increase in the proportion of red, building materials, cement
Multiple factors have led to year-round performance, with a positive increase in the q4 battalion. The company collected $13,022 million a year. The downside of the real estate market and repeated outbreaks led to a drop in cement demand and a fall in prices, which is the same as the s098051809002.
The net sales of cement clinkers by the company for the entire year were 310 million tons, +3.33%. We measured the level of profits from cement clinkers from a ton of product revenue/tonne costs/t. The price and cost levels are double squeezed. The cost rate for the year was 7.01%, compared to 3.33%.
+0.82 pct, where sales/management/finance/research and development cost rates are the same as each other. Structural deposits, cash recovery due and cash recovery are still more abundant as a whole. Corporate assets at the end of the reporting period actively promoted project build-up and acquisition and expanded the area of new and emerging industries.
Downstream layout, promotion of production-line technology and new energy industry development, integrated overseas development and operation management, with a capacity of 3.85 million tonnes/44.8 million tonnes per 10.8 million, and a capacity of 275 megawatts of light storage power generation, respectively, and the tri-quarter review of conch cement (600585.sh)-2022: a single three-quarter revenue ring
The company plans to raise capital spending in 2023.
Conch Cement (600585.sh) - A record-high red scale and a high level of profitability Investment proposal: Increased red ratio, safe margins in stock prices and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating.
Annual capital investment is expected to continue its growth trend, cement demand is effectively supported, supply and demand is regularized, industry operations are expected to remain stable, taking into account the recovery of the industry, the combination of company business plans, multiple factors that have put a strain on performance throughout the year, and the increase in q4th q4 battalion has been positive. The company collected 132.02 billion yuan a year, compared to the year.
The dollar (including taxes) is consistent with the previous performance forecast, whereby the downside of the real estate market, the backlash, and so on, led to lower demand for cement and lower prices, while rising energy prices, such as coal and electricity, led to higher revenues. Company q4 returns 46,693 million yuan, or +1% in the first quarter of the year.
Figure 2: Single-quarter operating income and rate of increase for conch cement
The net sales of cement clinkers were 310 million tons in the year as compared to 100 million tons in the year, +3.33% in the year. We measured the double push of cement clinkers from product ton/tonne costs/t māori, respectively. The cost was 7.01% in the year as compared to +0.82 pt in sales/management/costs.
Mainly due to a decline in sales income and an increase in the balance of accounts receivable. Total monetary funds and transactional financial assets at the end of the year
Figure 7: Tons of income, ton cost of conch cement clinker, figure 11: conch cement monetary funds + traded financial assets (billions) Figure 12: Conch cement asset liability ratio (%)
In 2022, the company worked to improve the industrial chain up and down, to promote the development of production-line technologies and new energy industries, to promote integrated overseas development and management, and to complete 10,000/44.8 million tonnes per year, 275 megawatts of light storage capacity, and to acquire conch environmental projects.
With an increase in the share ratio and a security margin in the share price, the "buy-in" rating is maintained. In 2022, the company proposes to have a cash share of each share effectively backed up by normalized supply and demand, the industry is expected to operate smoothly, and the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, taking into account the recovery of the industry climate; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author