Carbon silicon drives new growth, carbon silicon liner material: accelerates industrialization and enhances international supply capacity. To enhance efficiency, Inveda plans to advance coyos in the blueprint for the development of a new generation of Rubin processors.
The middle sheet material in the envelope is replaced by silicon. At the moment, major manufacturers are invited to work together on the production of silicon intermediate panels, and the first generation of Rubingpu will still use silicon intermediates. Because of the high demand for performance improvement in Yveta, when the chip is produced,
The temperature exceeds its limits, and carbonated silicon must be used, and by 2027 at the latest, carbon silicon will be placed in a pre-envelope. The company's autonomously developed monocrysil silicon monocrystal growth furnace and the continuous replacement of 8-12 inches of crystallized process, which, after many years of technological warfare, has created an innovative crystal-growing hotfield.
Taking into account the gas phase raw material distribution process, the core problems of a 12-inch-carbled silicon crystal growth in an uneven temperature range and a break-up of crystals have led to a technological breakthrough in the growth of a 12-inch super-sized crystal, which has succeeded in producing a 12-inch-guided silicon crystal. At the same time, it has actively promoted a 8-inch carbonated silicon.
The company is actively developing carbonated silicon capacity, which is above-grounded to produce 300,000 carbonated silicon liners per year: and based on the good global carbon silicon industry.
Development prospects and broad markets, with a 8-inch carbonated silicon lined industrialization project in Penang City, Malaysia, to further enhance the company ' s supply capacity in the global market; and maximum/minimum price within 52 weeks of Sinakawa ' s construction year
The project to produce 600,000 8-inch carbonated silicon liners, coupled with crystals, continuously enhances the company’s technical and scale advantages in the area of carbonated silicon lined materials. Silicon carbonated equipment: boosts the 8-inch outreach and spreads the market for carbonated silicon equipment, such as thinning.
In the area of equipment for the carbonated silicon industrial chain, the company has developed carbon silicon crystals and processing equipment (for grinding, cutting, thinning, tipping, polishing, cleaning and testing) to meet the scale of the company ' s carbonated silicon base.
At the same time as capacity-building needs, build barriers in terms of technology, process and cost, and strengthen the core competitiveness of the Division in the area of carbonated silicon liners. Based on the domestication of the core equipment in the industrial chain, companies accumulate in processes such as detection, ion injection, activation, oxidation, thinning, decomposition, etc.
The company’s 6-8-inch carbon silicon extension equipment was replaced by national production and led by the municipality. The company’s carbonated silicon equipment clients included the sky, the east sky, the core connection, and so on.
Industry headlines. The company's trend towards a shift in the carbonated silicon chain to 8 inches is taking full advantage of the core technical advantages of equipment in the carbonated silicon chain, strengthening the 8 inch carbonization, market promotion of silicon outreach equipment and 6-8 inches of silicon thinner equipment, and actively promoting carbonization.
Client certification of equipment such as silicon oxidizers, activation furnaces, and ion injections. The market for related equipment is well under way, providing a solid basis for volume production on a scale basis. In addition, the continuing development of the semiconductor industry and the acceleration of the national production process have resulted in continued growth of company semiconductor operations up to 2025.
On 30 June of that year, the company failed to complete the contract for integrated circuits and semiconductor equipment for compounds of over $3.7 billion and ordered performance risks.The data used in the present report are based on information that we believe to be reliable and are now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.