The material taps are expected to benefit fully from the aar lenses, which are constantly catalytic and are expected to benefit from the material taps.
For $800, the weight is only 70g. ar glasses are the perfect vehicle for the application of the ai, which combines virtual and reality: ar glasses (enhanced real glasses) are an intelligent appliance that adds virtual information to the real world, the core.
Virtual information is a perfect combination of the real world. In 2024, 553,000 pairs of glasses were produced globally, +7.8 per cent of the year, including 286,000 from China in 2024. The optical display system is at the core of the glasses. The optical display system consists of optical combinations and microscreens.
Learning to show that the system is the core and the most valuable component of the entire Arglass, representing about 40% + of the cost of the entire Arglass. The carbonated silicon material has high refraction rates, high heat conductivity, and is the ideal base for the Arglass lenses.
Material: The higher the refraction rate of the substrate material, the greater the fov of the ar lens, the greater the single sic mirror can achieve 80 degrees or more, which can provide lighter dimensions and greater and clearer visual effects. High refraction rates can also be effective in solving rainbow threads and color dispersion problems in light wave structures.
The heat is effective in raising the radiative capacity and performance of the radiators. At the same time, the high hardness and the heat stability of the sic material also support the introduction of etching processes, effectively increasing productivity and productivity.
The base of the base lined with the carbon silicon lined with the sic downside is industrialized: the crystal-singer hand-held company's dragon flag, xreal, Xial, X-ray light power, the layout of the base lined with the carbonated siliar glass, the 8-inch lined liner has been delivered and the 12-inch downfall has been achieved.
The company accelerates carbonization with the advantage of a deep technological base and home-made equipment.
8 inches lined with the potential to benefit 8 inches, with 300,000 inches of capacity and a new 600,000 8 inch of capacity to land, the company's combined capacity will amount to 900,000 pieces of 2 overseas capacity: the recent subsidiary Zhejiang Risupersic is located in Penang County, Malaysia
A foundation ceremony was held in which 8-inch carbonated silicon liners are expected to achieve a profit projection and investment rating of 240,000 pieces: we expect the company ' s net return profit in 2025-2027 to be Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.