The new generation of Gpu in Yveta is expected to use the carbonated silicon broker.
▪ Event: In the new generation of gpu chips, the Cowos process plans to replace silicon with carbonated silicon, which is expected to be imported in 2027.
Cowos encumbers (chips-crystals-boards) from H100 to b200. Cowos folds multiple chips (e.g. processors, storage units, etc.) into one envelope, significantly reducing the envelope area and significantly upgrading the chip system.
Performance and energy efficiency. But as the power of the gpu chip increases, the integration of a large number of chips into the silicon intermediate layer can easily lead to higher demand for evaporation.
Reduction of encapsulation size: 1 single crystalline carbonated silicon is a semiconductor with a high conductivity of 490 w/m.k, which is two to three times higher than silicon, and is an ideal material for high-performance coowos structural intermediaries. 2 Single crystalsic is also more resistant to chemistry than silicon intermediate layers, so
The caption size of the coyotes can be further reduced by carving higher depth-wide vents. US science uses 350 m of silicon carbide to produce 109:1 silicon-carbide intermediates that are significantly higher than the conventional silicon-mediated layers of 17:1 depth-wide.
The new application of sic has opened and brought about an incremental market: for example, using the 2,500mm2 intermedial layer of the current British Wetdahh 1003-fold mask, it is assumed that the 12-inch carbonated silicon crystal circle could produce 21 times three.
The size of the intermedial layer, the 1.6 million h100 items delivered in 2024, if replaced with carbonated silicon intermediate layers, corresponds to 76,190 bottom-line requirements.
To integrate more processor & memory, the intermediary level has increased to 144,000 mm2, corresponding to more liner.
Inches of super-sized crystal growth, a technological breakthrough that succeeded in growing 12 inches of conductor carbonated silicon crystals  profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s parent net profit forecast for 2025-2027.
The company’s multiple operations are still growing, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Three major financial forecasting tables, Crystal Gear and Electric, have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) to qualify for portfolio investment consultancy.