The first 12-inch test line in the process of carbonated silicon line is officially operational on the 28th of September 2025 line, and the sic liner application opens up the company's growth space.
On September 26, the first 12-inch-carbled silicon liner is in crystallizer power, and the subsidiary Zhejiang Jingxisupersic is officially connected.
The autonomous development of all-line equipment for growth, processing and detection, with 100% national production, marks the movement of crystallization from the global sic liner to the lead, moving into a new phase of efficient intelligence. With its high heat conductivity and high process windows, sic is expected to significantly increase the coyos structure evaporation and reduce the containment ruler.
Inch. Cowos encapsulation (chip-crystal-baseboard) is used for the British Weldagpu chip from H100 to b200. Cowos significantly reduced the envelope area and significantly enhanced the performance and energy efficiency of the chip system with the gpu core stacking of multiple chips (e.g. processors, storage, etc.) into a single envelope.
The power of the film increases, and the integration of many chips into the silicon intermediate layer can easily lead to higher demand for evaporation. (1) monocrystal carbonization, a semiconductor with a high conductivity of 490 w/m k, which is two to three times higher than silicon, is the ideal material for the high performance coowos structural intermediation layer. (2) The monocrysic sic is even more powerful than the silicon brokering layer.
Good chemical resistance, so that the cowos seals can be reduced further in size by carving higher depth-wide vents. The 350-m-carbled silicon in Nelson's science in the United States can produce 109-1-silicon carbonic intermediate layers, significantly higher than the 17-to-1-deep-wide ratio in conventional silicon intermediates.
sic has a high refraction rate, high heat conductivity, which is the ideal base material for the arc lenses.
Gpu is expected to use carbonated silicon intermediate layers, sic lined to provide a lighter size and a much clearer visual effect.
In addition, the high hardness and heat stability of sic materials support the introduction of etching processes to improve productivity and productivity.
Jingsheng actively expands 6-8 inches of bottom liner capacity, with 12 inches of capacity. Jingsheng now has 12 inches of control, slows down equipment, etc., affecting short-term performance, keeping in mind the core problems of uneven temperatures and cracking crystals in carbon-carbated silicon crystals, which have reached a 12-inch high size.
Semiconductor Equipment & Materials Layout. A technological breakthrough in crystal growth, which succeeded in growing 12 inches of carbonated silicon crystals.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.