Photovoltaic pressure, expected semiconductor to contribute new kinetic energy.
The main reason for the decline is the downward cycle of photovoltaic materials, such as quartz. □: lubei_yj@chinastock.com.cn ' s semiconductor business continues to develop, benefiting mainly from the continuing development of the semiconductor industry and the national production process
Speed up. As of 2025h1, integrated circuits and compounds semiconductor equipment in the semiconductor area, JJN Long, the inch pressure silicon extension equipment was successfully delivered to domestic head customers with key fingers such as resistance rates and even thickness.
The marker is internationally advanced. Actively pushes 12 inches dry into dry-out dumpers, 12 inches double-sided thinners : jiaxinlong_yj@chinastock.com.cn and other new products. 12 inches of silicon depressure growth devices successfully sell and sell.
In the area of congener semiconductor equipment, the company’s trend towards a shift of the carbonated silicon industry chain to 8 inches, and its market promotion of 8-inch silicon outreach equipment and 6-8-inch silicon thinner equipment. The company’s carbonated silicon lined material business has achieved a 6-8-inch silicon lined mass production and sale.
: zengtao_yj@chinastock.com.cn 25 years h1, the company succeeded in growing 12 inches of conductive carbonated silicon crystals. Actively promoting 8 inches of carbonization.
At its sixth meeting, held on 1 July 2025, the Central Finance Committee noted that low-priced competition was regulated by law and that companies were guided to improve the quality of their products.
On July 3, 2025, the Ministry of Industry and Communications convened a meeting of 14 photovoltaic companies to discuss the integrated management of the sub-prices in the photovoltaic sector. Reversely, the expected price of silicon material and the price changes of components for transmission downwards are a major focus.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.