Luxshare (002475 CH)
Recent correction overdone; Accumulate for
BUY (Maintain)
Apple's share gain and auto/comm. momentum
Target Price
RMB44.9
Luxshare retreated over 10% in the past week mainly due to market concerns
(Previous TP
RMB48.0)
on Huawei's Mate 60 Pro launch and news report on iPhone restrictions by
Up/Downside
50.5%
Chinese government and state companies. We view both incidents do not have
Current Price
RMB29.85
material impact on iPhone shipment given Mate 60's limited production capacity
China Technology
and high user stickiness on Apple's ecosystem. Despite challenging macro
headwinds, Luxshare delivered solid sales/NP growth of 20/15% YoY in 1H23,
Alex NG
and we are positive on further share gain in Apple's iPhone/Watch/AirPods
OEM/component, robust outlook in auto/comm., and better operating efficiency
in 2H23E. We trimmed FY23-25E EPS by 1-6% to reflect lower GPM on mix
shift and better growth in auto/comm.. The stock now trades at 18.6x/14.9x
Claudia LIU
FY23/24E P/E (1-sd below 8-yr avg. P/E). Maintain BUY with new TP of
RMB44.9 (based on same 28x FY23E P/E). Upcoming catalysts include iPhone
Stock Data
15 launch, Vision Pro ramp-up and auto tier-1 progress.
Solid 2H23 outlook: Apple's share gain, Vision Pro and strong
auto/comm. As the major OEM/component supplier of Apple's iPhone/
Source: FactSet
Airpods/Watch, we believe Luxshare will benefit from iPhone 15 cycle in
3Q23 and continue share gain in top module and iPhone assembly in
Shareholding Structure
2H23E. Despite limited contribution from Apple's Vision Pro in 2H23E, we
Source: Bloomberg
business and communications segment to continue strong growth (40-50%
Share Performance
CAGR) and overall profitability will recover in 2H23/FY24E, we forecast
earnings will grow 24%/25% YoY in FY23/24E.
1H23 in-line with impressive growth in automotive/communications.
Luxshare posted 1H23 revenue/NP growth of 20%/15% YoY, in-line with
Source: FactSet
prior profit alert, and pre-announced 3Q23 earnings growth of 3-27% YoY,
12-mth Price Performance
which is resilient given near-term weakness in smartphone/CE market (83%
of FY23E sales). By segment, CE/computer/auto/communication grew 18%
/-5%/52%/68% YoY in 1H23. GPM recovered QoQ to 11.3% in 2Q23 (vs.
10.0% in 1Q23) thanks to continuously improving product mix (auto/comm.).
In particular, Luxcase Precision (casing/top module subsidiary) posted
revenue/NP growth of 14%/18% YoY in 1H23 and NPM improved to 2.0%
in 1H23 (vs 1.8% in 1H22).
Source: FactSet
Recent noise offers buying opportunity; Reiterate BUY. We suggest
investors accumulate the stock after recent correction on market concerns
over Mate 60 Pro launch and potential iPhone restriction by Chinese state
companies, which have limited impact on iPhone shipment in our view. The
stock now trades at 18.6x/14.9x FY23/24E P/E, close to 1-SD below 8-year
hist. avg. P/E. Reiterate BUY with new TP of RMB44.9 (28x FY23E P/E).
Earnings Summary
Earnings Revision
Source: CMBIGM
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Valuation
Reiterate BUY with new TP of RMB 44.9.
We derived our new 12m TP of RMB 44.9 based on same 28x FY23E P/E. We believe this
is justified as Luxshare continues to deliver resilient earnings growth, market share gain
and product expansion to capture Apple and NEV opportunities in the next 3-5 years.
Upcoming catalysts include share gain in Apple products, Vision Pro ramp-up and auto tier-
1 progress. Major risks include weaker iPhone/AirPods demand, weaker yield improvement
and slower integration of acquired businesses.
Figure 5: Peers' valuation
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institution al Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.