q1 There has been a marked improvement in profitability and continued optimization of the product structure 27/04/2025: the company published its annual report 2024 and its quarterly report 2025.
\triangleright optimizes the product structure by increasing the volume of cold rollers, plate sales, +3.4 per cent, + 9.2 per cent, reduction of heat rolls, \triangleright, \triangleright
Qiu Joo ' s annual business target, 52.24 million tons of steel, 1.3 per cent more than the same year.
Subsistence provisions of not less than $0.20 retain upward flexibility while providing minimum benefit guarantees. Q3 Performance pressure, with priority projects continuously moving forward - 2024/ Core point of view for the future: product structure continues to be optimized and overseas layout breakthroughs are achieved
\triangleright, a 9.6% rise in the same year, continues to hold high market rates for cold-rolled carboards and silicon steel products. 1000 mpa-grade hydropower is high, strong steel achieves steady bulk engineering applications, cold-rolled high and high-resistance super-intensity steel takes the lead in the new autonomous brand.
The priority projects are continuing. 188,000 tonnes/year of unopposed silicon steel, 220,000 tonnes/year of silicon.
Steel, 220,000 tonnes per year for silicon steel, 550,000 tonnes per year for silicon steel, 1.8 million tonnes per year for Eastern Hill Base, steady progress on high-end projects such as 2024/04/27/year zero carbon high-grade thin steel, and further upgrading of high-end plate production capacity such as silicon steel.
3 To accelerate overseas development and achieve a new breakthrough in internationalization projects. In 2024, the company sold 6.0670 million tons of corporate exports.
Building, strengthening synergies and promoting improved performance of strategic investment projects. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: sustainable optimization of corporate product structures, continuous release of high-end output, we anticipate \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.