Crystal Energy (688223) High performance against expectations, Topcon leads industry-wide, highly dynamic integration 05/05/05/2023
As a result of the industry’s continued high performance in recent years and its recent downside in silicon prices, companies have recovered their profits. High expectations of maintaining the industry’s climate, power station demands are expected to rebound, and prices are about to change.
The recession in the United States market is mainly due to trade barriers restricting imports of components and demand-side observation of subsidies from the ira policy. With the impact of accelerated photo-pairization and energy from controlled demand, the demand for photovoltaics is expected to continue to rise this year, with a projected 120/39.3/67.8gw in Central and Eastern Europe, +37.3 per cent/+61.4 per cent/+123.8 per cent by comparison, with a high industry profile.
Silicon is expected to move down the cycle, or it will continue to boost the need for power plants. Silicon materials continue down, falling by 200,000 tons, and the downward trend is clear. Thus, the demand for this sensitive power plant is expected to turn up and be released quickly.
q4 out of 44.33gw in 2022, +99.4% of the year, 15.92gw in q4 out of the year 10.7gw, over 20% of the year, at a price of $1.8.0.19 for silicon components and watta Māori for the year, +6.3%/-15.9% of the year; 23q1 group out of 13.04gw, our projected N share is about 50%, and the company's profitability is met by the impact of the N-high premium and silicon rolls.
At the turning point, 23q1 and single-war Māori are estimated to be around $1.70/0.23. The company’s profitability is expected to continue to improve, as anticipated by the year-wide N-to-year ratio of 60% and silicon. On April 4, the company was granted a debt swap to raise $10 billion for a total 10gw latching 11gw battery and 16gw component project.
By the end of the year, the company will have a far ahead of the production and integration of 75gw silicon/75gw batteries/90gw components, of which the N-type cell capacity will be about 70%; the N-type is expected to deliver about 65gw throughout 2023, of which the N-type is expected to be 60%.
N-topcon’s productivity efficiency has been raised to 25.1%/25.3%, and is planned to rise to 25.8% by the end of the year, while the cost of the n/p component integration project has been consistently reduced through silver reduction plus thinner technology upgrades until the end of 2022. Companies are actively storing new operations such as power/bipv/assembly recycling, resulting in diversified, multi-problem and high-quality optical products.
A full-scale application of household, business, and large power plant storage capacity has been achieved, and the opening of markets such as China, North America, Australia, and Japan quickly through established channels, coupled with higher expectations in the industry, is expected to create a second growth curve in the future.
The annual net return to the mother was $71.8 million, 95.8 million, corresponding to 17, 13 and 11 times the current pe, respectively, and maintained the “buy-in” rating.The major economies were in a state of recession; changes in countries' photovoltaic/storage energy policies; unpaced performance of firms; barriers to trade; price volatility of raw materials. Crystal energy (688223): q3 performance was stable, n-
Topcon leads industry, N-type battery 16gw production capacity, Xiaoming S.A. Ltd., figure 1 shows a steady increase in corporate revenue since 2019 (millions of dollars)
Figure 22,022 Increases in net corporate return profits doubled (billions) Figure 3, Maintenance of higher growth rates (billions) Figure 4 Increases in net corporate return profits (billions) from 2022 onwards
Figure 5 Improved cost-control capacity of companies, profitability repair, Figure 6 Quarterly recovery capacity of companies starting from 22q3 Improved annual cost-control capacity of companies
Figure 8 Quarterly cost rates for companies, Figure 9 – 23 q1 ready (stock swing days) as a result of expansion of capacity demand, Figure 11 Total harvests from mainland China and Europe increased to more than 60 per cent
Figure 13 Operating income per component is stable at more than 90 per cent over the years. Figure 14 is influenced by the high price of silicon, the profitability of component operations. Financial statements and financial indicators (in millions of dollars).
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and cycles, and has developed a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle” in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry flourishes, and the people have faith, and if not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not intended for any area, country, or other area under its jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations for sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization by China Air Securities.