The N-showing industry, where excess gains are gradually being realized, has generated $82,676 million in operating income in 2022 by issuing annual reports for 2022 and a quarterly report for 2023.
The output of the components has increased significantly and the integration rate has continued to increase. In 2022, the company shipped the photovoltaic components 44.33gw, an increase of 99.42% over the same year, and the N component, 10.7gw, became the world ' s first component manufacturer with more than 10gw shipments.
13gw, the company expects to deliver 60-70gw components in 2023, with N-type shipments accounting for 65gw, 55gw and 70gw components per annum;
To reach 75gw, 75gw, 90gw. To advance globalization strategies and improve overseas supply chains.
By the end of 2022, the company had established 14 production bases in China, Malaysia, Viet Nam, and the United States, with over 46,000 employees worldwide, and over 7gw silicon, battery, and industry leaders abroad.
In addition to the vertical integration of components, the company is moving forward with such extension programs as 8gw batteries and 8gw components in Viet Nam and 1gw components in the United States.
Inputs and process innovations, with companies breaking industry volume or laboratory tests 22 times in the last three years in terms of battery film conversion efficiency and component power. By 2023q1, the company had put into production the N-topcon battery output efficiency of 25.3 per cent and was expected to reach 25.8 per cent by the end of 2023.
In addition, the company is leading the industry in the n-type production model. In 2022, the company was able to produce a large-scale n-topcon battery with a capacity of 35gw, or 63.63% of total capacity.
Speed up the layout storage capacity + bipv to create a new growth pole in performance. In storage capacity, based on the application of \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
Unlike the scenes, companies have introduced three types of storage: household storage, business storage, and large power plant storage systems: cindsecuitiesco., Ltd., product solutions, which have resulted in a variety of energy applications that are photo-synchronous.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City has entered into a storage and distribution framework agreement with a number of power developers, distributors, etc. from around the world, covering China, Central and East Africa, South-East Asia, North America, Australia, Japan, etc.
The company's bipv product currently consists of a black/colour curtain wall, a screen wall, a coloured steel tiles, and is developing light flexible components, as well as a photovolve series. In 2022, the company's bid in bipv has reached 100 megawatts. At the same time, the company owns the bipv line in 2022.
\triangleright Risk factors: new light-voltage loaders are less than expected; n-type technologies are less advanced than expected; corporate capacity expands less than expected.
Publicity No.: New Vision for Electricity, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry, and in the photovoltaic industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sindam voucher research centre in 2022 for research in the new electricity systems and electrical equipment industry. Sun Sun, a team member, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the new energy vehicle industry.
Chen Jie, a member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the lithium electric materials industry. Part of the study is not, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.