The performance rate has remained high, and the N ratio is expected to continue to rise. Events: On 29 April 2023, the company published its 22nd annual report and its 23rd quarterly report. 22 years of company \triangleright
In 22 years, the output of the company's components reached 44.33gw, compared to 99%. The company has established 14 production bases in China, Malaysia, Viet Nam, and the United States, from Dun Yongkang.
The year was affected by the geopolitical and Russian conflict, and demand for renewable energy surged.
At the same time, large domestic base projects are expected to start quickly, with European ground power stations being released, far-footed Jubaino leading the technological change of the n-topcon, and the expansion of advanced production capacity accelerating. In terms of efficiency, the company is already in production.
\triangleright n-topcon battery has achieved a mass yield efficiency of 25.1%, while battery good rates are almost equal to the perc battery, with 72 units of n having a single capacity of around 575w and higher than the p component.
20-25w, an increase of more than 4.5%. 22 years of co-production of large-sized n-topcon battery footage, research assistant Lin Fukugi to 35gw, full-year N component delivery to 10.7gw, 24% of total delivery, n
The premium for the product boosts the rapid growth in the company ' s performance, and according to the company ' s projections, in 2023, the share of the company ' s N-type stock will rise to 60 per cent, and the share of the battery ' s output in the N-topcon will reach 70 per cent by the end of the 23rd year.
19x/14x/10x. Corporate Topcon industrialization is a leader in the industry, with an iterative q3 performance with a gradual release of the mass yield dividend of the n component - 2022/10/31
In this context, companies are expected to benefit in depth by maintaining a `recommended' rating.Assessment: performance has steadily improved, n-topcon has accelerated its push, 022q1 performance forecast: profitability has accelerated.
4. Crystal Energy (688223.sh) Review Report: The Integration Group draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.