The company released its 2017 performance report, which showed an annual increase of 30.55 per cent in business income and an increase in profits.
14.24% long, as expected. We believe that the company ' s industrial and regulatory operations continue to benefit from downstream warming, that the power and control operations benefit from logistics traffic, that new orders are still expected during the year of the turnover; and that the rating increases are maintained. Accounting for operating income of $4.778 billion for the year, an increase of 30.55% over the year; and profits of $1,065 million for the year as a whole
The company had a profit of $341 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, a 40.32 per cent increase in the same quarter, and a 15.92 per cent increase in the ring. The company had previously forecast a year-round increase in the general automation and logistics vehicle power and control operations, which boosted growth: 2017, the equipment manufacturing industry and the end of the year.
The end-market demand for industrial automation products has grown faster, and generic automation operations such as corporate server systems, plc, general variable frequency (GSC) have also grown rapidly, and we expect GAX to grow by more than 40% in 2017 on a year-on-year basis. In addition, the demand for new energy logistics vehicles was fast in 2017.
Rapid growth, the company’s response to power-control products have entered most of the mainstream, we expect the electricity-control revenues to grow faster, driving the overall growth in revenue along with the industrial-control business. The track trade has again won, with new expectations for the year: the company’s recent announcement that the controlling subsidiaries have passed through
The procurement project for the Trailing System in the Altitude Track 5 of the Suzhou subway, for a total amount of approximately $420 million, is the second-high-track Trailing System project in the Altitude Orbit Year after the Ningpo Track 4 and the second phase of Line 2 of the Altitude Orbit. It is based on an order given by the President of the Latitude Track and the Strategic Investor.
The company’s track business is expected to continue to grow steadily, with a single commitment that the company should still have a tradable order landing in the non-Susuzhou and Shenzhen regions, respectively, by 31 March and 31 December 2018. The manufacturing landscape is not as favourable as expected; the prices of new energy automobiles and electrically controlled products are above expectations.
"Segawa technology: pre-performance meets expectations, fast-tracked industrial and regulatory operations " , Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Shen Sung*