On March 15, 2018, the company issued an announcement that the company's controlling subsidiary, Jiangsu Latitude Tracks and Traffic Equipment Company Ltd., became the first stage of the Kuyang City Track 2 project.
The winning amount is expected to be RMB 2,54,898,000. Quantified orders at the longitude and longitude of Jiangsu have been consistently awarded, and the track-to-trading operation is on the start-up phase.
On 30 October of that year, the project for the purchase of a vehicle towed system for the construction of rail traffic line 4 and line 2 in Jiangsu mid-latitude Pingbo city won 122.940 million yuan; and on 12 February 2018, the project for the construction of track traffic in Jiangsu mid-latitude Suhzhou city
On 15th, Jiangsu again won Latitude for the first phase of the company's basics (latest) project for the procurement of the company's towed vehicle system, which received a bid of $254.898,000.
On 3 August 2017, the company re-signed the Additional Agreement on Performance Commitments with Mr. Makhalf, President of Jiangsu Longitude Latitude, which agreed that “by 31 March 2018, Jiangsu Latitude will be in China without Suzhou and Shenzhen.
In the subway bidding process, at least two complete towed orders (including two) belonging to different cities have been successfully obtained. After the expansion of the funds at Jiangsu Latitude on January 20, 2017, the company still held 45.45% of the shares at Jiangsu Latitude.
Right, still included in the table. With the previously won Suzhou line 2, line 2, stretcher line, line 3, line 4, recently Jiangsu has continued to win the big orders at long latitudes, which now amount to about 1.3 billion. We expect the company to be in
The main industry continues to grow fast. As the country’s manufacturing sector is upgraded and automated, it is expected to become another major growth point in corporate performance in the future.
Higher demand for production, faster demand for industrial automation products in equipment manufacturing and end markets. In 2017, companies achieved a better competitive advantage in a wide range of industries by promoting technology marketing and industry marketing strategies.
Dynamics (including products such as server systems, plc, general-frequency transformers, etc.), industrial robots, etc.
Cars are growing fast. The new energy vehicle power and control business of 2017q1-q3 has generated $373 million, a decline of 18.32 per cent over the same period; however, the sale of the new energy bus of q3 Q3 Q6 = a positive increase, except for the sale of 24865 new energy passenger vehicles in 2017.
In addition to the 36.8% rate, which is a small decrease of 7.41% compared to 2016, companies report - company periodic reviews - and HSBC technology have also increased rapidly in the area of new energy logistics vehicle power control.
-300124 - The industrial controls continue to grow, the new energy engine and the right-of-way policy have led to a rapid increase in market demand for new energy logistics vehicles; the utilities are warming back to 17,1026
The Division ' s new energy motor platform products are more competitive in power system efficiency, safety reliability and product delivery, and the rapid growth of new energy logistics vehicle power is driving companies to regrow their new energy vehicle power and power operations throughout 2017.
Our report of October 26, 2017 foresees that the company will be operating in a new energy vehicle power control operation in 2017.
Research and development is not as fast as expected; new-energy automobile operations are not increasing as expected; industrial panels are further downswing the speed circle; and new orders are made and existing orders are executed.
The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. The accuracy and completeness of interest is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is not consistent with the views expressed.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.