Performance forecast exceeded expectations, general automation, new energy sources 30 January 2018 High rate of growth in logistics vehicle operations
The fourth quarter of Tsang Hung rebounded significantly over the third quarter. The company issued a performance forecast that it was expected to collect $1.628 billion in 2017, an increase of 35 per cent compared to the third quarter, with a net profit of four quarters.
348 million, a 43% increase in the same year and 18% increase in the ring. Companies expect non-recurring corporate gains and losses throughout the year to continue to recover with manufacturing, while major downstream capital expenditures, such as textiles and 3c, are still in the expansion phase, and corporate general automation operations have recovered their high growth in the fourth quarter, with more than 60% of all year-round receipts increasing.
Quick, and at the same time electric fluids serve more than 30% of the growth rate. General automation plates in Hitchuan represent high end manufacturing, increased profitability in manufacturing, especially in high-tech manufacturing, accelerated investment, manufacturing in terms of indicators that reflect the capacity, willingness and speed of investment in industrial enterprises: 1) industry
In terms of corporate profitability, industrial capacity utilization increased by 77 per cent in 2017, by 3.7 percentage points in the same year, of which 78 per cent in the fourth quarter, by 4.2 percentage points in the same year, and by seven quarters since the second quarter of 2016.
General automation continues to gain momentum, with 21 per cent growth in profits from industrial enterprises of more than size in 2017, up 12.5 percentage points faster than in 2016, the highest increase since 2012, including manufacturing profits.
Recovering the future in the area of new energy vehicles with great potential and a high increase in the general domain with a higher number of general-purpose automated operations than expected.
Six months of over-expected demand, the trend in the second half of the year has been positive, with a new round of increased capital spending and an upturn in total energy and vehicle power. 3) In terms of manufacturing investment, manufacturing investment has accumulated in December.
In the first half of the year, general automation was exceeding expectations, and textile, 3c and other companies continued to expand their production capacity, mainly downstream: the company ' s main downstreams, including textiles, 3c, petrochemicals, machine tools, etc., were growing profitable industrial enterprises and the manufacturing industry was booming.
The downstream industry has a “profit-enhancing-extension” logic, and its expansion corresponds to the profits of middle-skillers. 1) As can be seen, the textile industry has an expansion cycle of about three years, with the roe at the end of the 15-year period and 16-year repairs, leading to its construction + fixed asset growth.
So we predict that the textile industry is still expanding for 18 years. (2) Moreover, the 3c sector is at a relatively low level in history, so we expect that the 3c sector will continue to expand for 18 years.
We expect the entire year to be a logistics vehicle: the overall performance is higher than expected, and the most significant increase in contributions is due to the current increase in domestic subsidy policies.
At the threshold, the company logistics car business grew beyond expectations in 2017, with only tens of millions in the last year, and this year it continues to be released, with eight of the top 10 logistics car companies in the country being corporate customers.
Bus: Woo-tung's performance is constantly being repaired. The company and Woo-tung are tied to depth, the electric plates are about 60% of their income, and we can see that the output of Woo-tung's electric vehicles is only over 3,000 vehicles in the first half of the year, a decline of about half, and over 25,000 vehicles in the second half of the year.
At present, according to Woo-tung's production plan, 1701 is worth 1,000 and 1801 is worth 3,000, and its performance is constantly being repaired, as well as the company's products are being used in areas such as Silverstone, Nanking Golden Dragon, etc.
After obtaining four or five a-point certifications, he was given a front-line branding in 2017; abroad, overseas people, BMW, and so on. In the second half of 2018, some of the overseas a-class cars were dropped, and Sinkakawa was expected to become a very important supplier in the overall area of motor power, earning a profit.
In 2019, the potential for the future will be great, and the elasticity will be high. New-energy auto power, especially by car, is the focus of this year’s research and development, and the company has built over 600 research and development teams in the new-energy automobile field last year, accounting for the entire company’s research and development.
The four-quarters of a single elevator are better than expected, and we expect to grow by about 15% throughout the year. The company's single elevator performance is procyclical, linked to high national elevator production and imports. The four-quarters benefit from continued real estate recovery, with domestic elevator production growing rapidly.
Upgraded, and slightly increased in the stability of domestic brands, benefiting from industry's over-expected and high-price dividends, companies, high growth of industrial robots, and accelerated automating of the company's production lines. The company's industrial robotic plate, a separate department, is one of the main directions of the company's current energy, consisting of whole machines and spare parts, and downstream mainly.
Lithium power equipment, mobile phone manufacturing, etc., most of the customers are pre-positioners who originally purchased the company’s servo systems and plc products. We expect the company to contribute more than 100 million industrial robots throughout the year and will continue to have high-level divisions from single-equipment automation to production line automation in 2018, with far-reaching implications for the company’s long-term development.
For the first time, we're expected to collect around 100 million dollars a year. We're expected to pay close to 600 million orders in 2019.
In view of the dynamic recovery of industrial controls this year and the absolute leadership of corporate industrial controls, 45 times greater than that granted in 2018, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, has been in possession of a securities investment advisory committee.