In the second half of the year, the new energy business has improved significantly.
High growth in industrial automation operations: increased demand for industrial automation, driven by the year's macroeconomic stability and the recovery of the manufacturing sector; high growth in the company's industrial automation plates in the first three quarters; universal, 1 billion yuan, yoy+112.85 per cent, plus 119 million yuan, yoy+76.53 per cent, electricity
The ladder of integrated products has kept the industry at the forefront, generating $814 million, yoy +14.44%, electric fluids, 350 million, yoy + 26.87%. In a context of rapid growth of industrial automation plates, companies have performed well throughout the year.
New energy business is back on track: the company’s new energy business was hit hard in the first half of the year by government subsidies for the entire industry. The semi-annual report shows a 38% and 37% decline in sales of new energy buses and logistics in the country as a result of subsidies, and the company’s new energy business is also in recession, with revenue coming in the first half of the year.
One hundred and forty-six million yuan, vov-48 per cent. But in the second half of the year, new energy cars were released and the whole business was warmed.
The company’s new energy business in the third quarter has also grown with the industry, and its new energy revenue in the third quarter has grown, and the new energy sector is expected to grow back on track throughout the year with the continued release of new energy buses in the fourth quarter.
More segmented markets, not only relying on bus operations to drive growth. The first three quarters of a logistics camp collected about 130 million yuan, and the annual revenue is expected to reach 300 million. In addition, the company began to deploy the car market; it began to supply second-line manufacturers in the fourth quarter of this year, while agreeing to supply a first-line car factory.
The agreement, which is still in the certification process, will also be one of the driving forces behind the growth of the new energy business. The company’s continued development of the new energy business will provide the basis for the future.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.