The year's performance was in line with expectations. Four quarters of growth, full-blown benefits from intelligent manufacturing, the electric wave.
Quarterly growth accelerates, and the year-round performance meets expectations. Companies issued fast-track performance reports of $4.778 billion in 2017, an increase of 30.55 per cent; operating profits of $1,183 million, an increase of 42.11 per cent; total profits of $1,207 million, a gain of 1,649 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 37 per cent, an increase of 38 per cent.
Three quarters, mainly, further general automation, with electric passenger and logistics vehicles released in four quarters; operating profits of 406 million, an increase of 78 per cent over the same period and a 33 per cent increase in the ring; total profits of 385 million, resulting in more than three quarters of general automation operations, with an expected growth rate of more than 60 per cent in 2017.
Industrial manufacturing continued to record a 17-year high, with four-quarter accelerations and one-quarter pmi booming in 18 years. In 2017, the national industrial capacity utilization rate was 77 per cent, an increase of 3.7 percentage points over the same period.
At this high level, industrial manufacturing continued to record a year-long high. Four quarters of this was characterized by an increase in industrial capacity of 78 per cent, or 4.2 percentage points, compared to the previous year, which reflected an accelerated trend, with a cumulative increase in manufacturing investment of 4.8 per cent in December, which was significantly faster than the 4.1 per cent accumulated in November, manufacturing.
The performance forecast exceeded expectations, high-quality growth peaks, the manufacturing crown returned to 4.1 per cent in November, and increased significantly in December, with four quarters better than three quarters of the total.
General automation continued to gain momentum, with China having a pmi of 51.3 per cent in January of the year, which is still more likely to recover from the same new energy vehicle sector as last year, despite the decline of 0.3 percentage points last month.
The manufacturing sector has continued to expand steadily, with the new energy and automobile sectors recovering from the future. The industrial and regulatory sector is better than the manufacturing industry as a whole and is recovering from long cycles.
On the one hand, downstream coverage of all aspects of the manufacturing industry is highly correlated with the manufacturing landscape; on the other hand, there is a strong, high-profile growth in the general domain, the gradual disappearance of the Chinese population dividend, the continuous upgrading of the manufacturing industry and the degree of automation.
General automation is over-expected, new heights and China Manufacturing 2025 policies are constantly driving intelligent manufacturing, and industrial controls and energy vehicles are on the rise.
The industry is better than the manufacturing industry as a whole, with longer cycles. Many downstreams are at the top; in 2018, corporate marketing strategies continued to deepen, introducing “industry chains” and working with clients to create value for downstream efforts in the industrial chain.
Continuous upgrading with automated products, which cover more than 70% of domestic demand, has grown into the country’s first brand and into the second-tier global team. In the first three quarters of 2017, companies grew by more than 70% using automated products, of which about 90% grew in the first half of the year, and in the third quarter.
More than 40 percent of the growth has fallen, and we expect a recovery in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, general automation throughout the year. In January 2018, corporate orders grew faster than in January of the year than in the year 2017, and we expect a 70 percent increase in block collection in the quarter.
The bus is continuously repaired, the logistics vehicle is over-expected, and the potential of the vehicle is high, and we expect the company to collect high passenger vehicles: Woo-tung's performance for the year as well. The company and Woo-tung are tied to depth, the electric plates are about 60% of their income, and we can look at the U-Ton electric vehicle output from the energy-saving network to the power supply control statistics.
It is expected that the company ' s bus power camp will continue in the first quarter of 2018, as a result of the continued repair of the performance of the Yutun production of 500/2674/6186/16020 vehicles in the four quarters of 2017, with the planned production of 3,000 units in the 18q1 production schedule.
Logistics vehicles: Higher than expected performance in 2017, with the largest increase in contributions. The logistics car market grew even more than expected in 2017, with eight of the top 10 logistics car companies in the country being corporate customers, and we expect more than 30,000 RVs and orders to reach over 300 million throughout the year, representing the new energy automobile industry.
The biggest increase in services is expected to continue at a high rate in 2018; Motor vehicles: first-line and overseas advances continue, with great potential. Car markets are large, companies are very expensive, and research and development has been made, and since 2016, more than 600 electric cars have been built, accounting for the company as a whole.
R & D costs, mainly in motor vehicles. Under the robust R & D layout, the company has been certified at four or five a-points, and in 2017 it has been certified at one of the country's first-line brands; in foreign countries, the people abroad, BMW, etc., have been tested several times.
Some of the overseas a-class passenger cars are expected to fall year after year, and Sinkkawa is expected to become a very important supplier in the overall area of motor power, and the apparent contribution of revenue profits is expected to be strong in 2019. The electric cars are expected to remain high in the first quarter of the year, and we expect the company's power and control operations to be in place in the first quarter of the year.
Four quarters have benefited from a sustained recovery in real estate and a rapid increase in domestic elevator production. The company's share of the one-stop elevators has increased in multinational enterprises, such as wiping, Tyson, and Qinda.
And with a slight increase in the stability of domestic brands, benefiting from industry's over-expected and high-price dividends, corporate elevators, a year of high growth in industrial robotics, are expected to contribute more than 100 million dollars a year. The company's industrial robotic plate is a single department, one of the main directions of the company's current energy, consisting of whole machines and spare parts.
This is mainly lithium power equipment, cellular manufacturing, etc., most clients are equipment manufacturers that used to buy company server systems and plc products. We expect the company to contribute more than 100 million industrial robots throughout the year, which will be a key link in the company's move from single-equip to production line automation in 2018, with deep implications for the company's long-term development.
• Track trade is expected to take down the fifth line of Suzhou, which will reach about 1.05 billion in hand orders, and stabilize the country's path to the country; currently, Jiangsu is in the middle of the longitude of Track Su, Line 2, Line 3, Line 4, Line 5 (in the middle of Line 5, First of Candidates), and Su State has the Track 2 system, as well as the Ningbo 4 and 2.
The second phase of the towed system, which has a well-established position in the Suzhou region with a high rating of 100 per cent, has opened up outside Suzhou and completed at least two orders for the complete towed system in Suzhou and Shenzhen by 31 March of that year, or is willing to transfer 5 per cent of the equity held in a non-reimbursable or no more than one-dollar transfer to the Sinkuan technique; and the company's capital build-up unit was introduced in January 2017.
The manager promised to get at least one complete towed system order (excluding Suzhou, Shenzhen) in 2017-18. According to performance commitments, one of Ma's Usu and Shenzhen lines await completion by March 31, 2018, and one of its Usu and Shenzhen lines await completion by the end of 2018.
On February 24, the Ministry of Industry and Communications reported that the country’s leadership group on building a strong nation had decided to establish industry within the national leadership group on building a strong nation.
The industrial Internet, divided into information layers, software layers, hardware layers, tap parts and equipment suppliers, and high-quality system integrators will benefit from depth, with the Chinese General Automation Block serving as a leading and high-end representative of Chinese-made companies and industrial Internet products.
The product has matured in the elevator unit, and is expected to contribute to the industrial wave of the Internet. Given the company’s leading role in new-energy auto power, its strong layout and significant progress in the area of passenger vehicles, and the strong recovery of industrial automation this year, and its absolute leader in the area of industrial control, it has been given the opportunity to make a difference.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board