The rails are expected to add another order, and the subway towed system accelerates national production on February 13, 2018.
On February 13, the company announced that its subsidiary Jiangsu had become the first winning candidate in the procurement project for the Suzhou Track 5 project for a vehicle towed system, with a winning price of $420 million.
The date for payment is November 19-21 June. Jiangsu has now passed the two-way, three-line, four-line, five-line (the first candidate for the five-line), Suzhou has the two-way towed system for trams, and the two-stage towed system for line 4 and line 2 of Ningbo, in Su.
In the future, the company had previously acquired Jiangsu at Latitude, where he promised to assist Jiangsu in obtaining at least one complete towed system order by 30 June 2017 (no).
In addition, in January 2017, the Replenishment Fund introduced investors and promised to obtain at least one complete towed system order (other than Sue) in 2017-18.
In accordance with performance commitments, the Ma has one U.S. and Shenzhen line waiting to be completed by March 31, 2018, and one U.S. and Shenzhen line waiting to be completed by the end of 2018, which is expected to result in two or more orders.
Performance forecast is over-expected, general automation, new energy logistics vehicle operations, a large inter-trading market space, and Jiangsu's latitude to absorb Skoda's core technology as a qualified private enterprise.
General automation continues to gain momentum, with a high degree of scarcity and synergy with swath technology. There is a great potential for recovery in the area of new energy vehicles along urban tracks and subways.
It is planned that by 2020 the country will be built 6,200 kilometres of urban tracks and subways, and 11,700 kilometres by 2050. According to industry data and measurements from China’s Urban Orbital Transport Association, the country’s new energy vehicle sector will be restored to its future in 2015-2020.
The annual demand for orbital transport traction and control systems (including spare parts, stand-alone) is about $10 billion, with a high number of general-purpose features (including subways, trams, light tracks). The orbital transport tractor and control systems are the highest barriers.
One of the components, mastered mainly outside Siemens, Alston, Bombardy, abb, the general automation, the new business, the country's only Southern Car Age, and the private sector, mastering core technology.
The power of the car is always on the rise, the companies are few, and Jiangsu formed a consortium with Scota before latitude, and it was only in March 2014 that the whole technology of Scota was transferred to become the only one qualified to bid.
Private enterprises, and scarcity, are obvious. After the trans-trading of trans-shipment through Jiangsu, technology, its engineering and the most powerful research and development team and resources in the country can help to elevate the absorption and secondary development of Scoda electrical technology in the short-latitude period; and the tractors and the big industries that control and control it.
On the market side, Hsien Shenzhen has also opened up Jiangsu's longitudes to provide additional market resources for Jiangsu's longitudes. The introduction of Hsiensu technologies is of great importance for the development and nationalization of Jiangsu's longitude track transport operations.
General automation continues to recover in manufacturing, and major downstream capital expenditures, such as textiles and 3c, continue to expand, with high business growth. Industry demand recovered in the second half of 2016, and corporate marketing strategies have worked well in recent years, with universal service serving in areas such as 3c, lithium, olid, electronic non-standards, etc.
All right, keep replacing the solar brand, general-frequency transformers are growing well in the new energy car air conditioners, textiles, air pressurers, etc. The growth is expected to be more than 60% in 2017, with a four-quarter-year-on-year recovery compared to the three-quarter period, the power plate logistics vehicle continues to be high, the passenger vehicle continues to be repaired, and there is great potential for using it.
The exclusive supplier, in the area of passenger vehicles, is expanding from electrical control to power and power aggregates; logistics vehicles have over-expected orders of 300 million over the year; four or five point a-point certifications have been obtained, one single-line branding site has been established, the overseas public, BMW, etc., has been tested several times, and research and development activities in the period leading up to the second half of the 18th year are on the harvest.
The power and control industry, if it can get out of a world-class enterprise, is now not a part of the world. In general, the company’s new energy automobile, especially by car, is the focus of this year’s research and development, and the company has built a research and development team of more than 600 people last year in the area of new energy vehicles, accounting for about 30 per cent of the company’s research and development.
The electric plates are expected to invest around 300, 400 million dollars in research and development in 2017-2019, respectively, and are expected to boost public time, linked to high national elevator production and imports. Four quarters benefit from continued real estate recovery and rapid domestic elevator production.
And with a slight increase in the stability of domestic brands, benefiting from industry's over-expected and high-price dividends, corporate elevators, a year of high growth in industrial robots, are expected to contribute more than 100 million dollars a year. The company's industrial robotic plate is a single department, one of the main directions of the company's current energy, and the company's automating from a single device.
Given the company’s position as a leader in new energy automobiles, its strong deployment and significant progress in the area of passenger vehicles, and given the strong recovery of industrial controls this year and its absolute leadership in the area of corporate industrial controls, it is important to ensure that the company is able to maintain a strong and efficient system of industrial controls.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board