The performance report of the company for 2017, with a total of 4,778 million operating income, meets expectations.
According to the bulletin, 341 million yuan was earned in the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of 40.32% over the same period. Quickly reported performance was in line with the market and our expectations.
Against this background, the industrial and regulatory sector has been recovering since the end of 2016, with strong corporate technology marketing and industry marketing capabilities, better competitive advantages in a wide range of segmented industries, and rapid growth in the general automation of companies (server systems, plc, general frequency changers, etc.), industrial robotics, etc.
Long. We believe that the recovery of the industrial cycle is fundamentally different from that of 2010 (a shift from “strong investment” to “strong consumption”), that companies have deployed large-scale intelligent manufacturing, and that the growth of leading firms will accelerate, driven by industrial upgrading and import substitution.
The company’s new energy platform products are market value/marketable in millions of dollars.
In the case of logistics vehicles, the highest/minimum value of 12 months has been supplied by the company to a number of car companies, including east wind, gas dealers, Xuelong Ma, and Grande Transport.
In the case of passenger vehicles, the company is the sole supplier of the industry ' s flagship bus, benefiting from a significant boost in the second half of the year and a significant increase in related business; in the case of passenger vehicles, the Department of Public Administration has targeted the national mainstream and international brands and is now supplying domestic second-line vehicles.
More than 300 new R & D researchers have been added to this research and development every year. As business continues, the company’s profits associated with new energy cars are expected to be evident in 2019, with a wide potential for future development and a prospect of replication of the elevator’s successful path.
The control company Jiangsu has already won the mark at longitude, and the project for the purchase of the 4th and 2nd phase of the engineering vehicle towed system in Ningbo City is expected to win the bid at $123 million, the first breakthrough in the off-site area.
To become the first winner of the Suzhou Track 5 engineering vehicle towed system. The winning bid is $420 million. According to the promises of the chair and investors, it is expected that this year the breakthrough will be sustained in cities outside Suzhou and Shenzhen.
The new pillars of industrial control, new energy automobile operations and future benefits from the rapid development of transport in our second and third-line urban orbit.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.