The track is expected to add orders to keep Suzhou on its way to the country on March 14th, 2018.
Jiangsu's first winning candidate for line 2 in Guiyang city is expected to take down line 2 in Shenzhen, Africa. The company issued an announcement that Jiangsu, a subsidiary, became line 2 in Guiyang city, at longitude.
The second line of the Su Shenzhen in Africa, outside the Ningbo 4 and 2nd towed system. At present, in the Suzhou region, Jiangsu has been demarcated at Latitude 2, Line 3, Line 4, Line 5 (line 5 is the winning first candidate) and Su State has a track 2 towed system, with a winning rate.
Almost 100%; in Shenzhen, Suzhou, the number-four and two-line two traction system, the first and second phase of the Guiyang-two (the winning first candidate) have been won, and the trend towards Suzhou has been established.
A confirmation order of about 100 million, if we count Upper Su State 5 and Guizhou 2, will be about 1.3 billion. Prior to that, Jiangsu-yun-latitude President Ma Jianjin pledged to complete the performance of two fewer complete Towed System orders in Africa and Shenzhen by March 31, 2018; the company introduced investors to the estate.
In 2017-18, Nord gets at least one complete towed order from Suzhou, Shenzhen. If you do, you can expect at least one complete order from Guiyang. In 2018-21, Suzhou 3 and Ningbo 4, Su 5 and Guizhou 2 are expected to be delivered over the next three years.
High-performance growth can take place, and growth can benefit from the full range of smart, high-speed inter-trading market spaces, and the speed with which the trans-trading system is accelerated by the trans-trading technology through Jiangsu Latitude.
By 2020, the country will be the leader of the urban track, the growth of the subway, and the crown of the manufacturing industry, in accordance with the urban track and the metro development plan.
According to industry data and measurements such as China's Urban Orbital Transport Association, the national system for orbital traction and control (with spare parts, general automation) for 2015-2020 continues to gain momentum.
The annual average is about $10 billion (including subways, trams, light tracks). Of this, there is a high potential for recovery in the field of new orbital energy vehicles.
Foreign firms such as Son, Alston, Bombardy, abb, and the country's only southerly car age, are back to the future in the area of new energy vehicles.
It's obvious how scarce it is to get a full-scale Scoda technology transfer in the month. The Scoda technology is in the middle of the market at Jiangsu Latitude, and technologically, its engineering transfer products and research and development teams and resources can enhance the absorption and secondary development of Scoda electrical technology: motor vehicle tractors and the control of big engineering, engineering transmissions, etc.
Technical homogeneity has helped to improve the operation and profitability of Jiangsu Latitude; on the market, the Hong Kong River has opened the Shenzhen Market for Jiang Su Latitude to provide additional market resources for Jiangsu Latitude Latitude.
▪ General automation: Engineering controls are recovering from a long cycle, and companies are expected to maintain a high rate of growth as industrial Internet leaders. In January 2018, Makai expressed the need to accelerate industrial Internet development, Hmei proposed that the Ministry of Industry and Communications implement a three-year action plan in 2018, and in February, the National Leadership Group for Building Strong Manufacturing decided to set up a dedicated working group, with expectations for 2018
As a high-growth year for the industrial Internet, the industrial-controlled industry is recovering over a long period of time, with such catapults as industrial Internet, automation, etc. Companies, as leading industrial Internet companies, have reached international standards, such as servers, frequency transformers, plc, etc., with high levels of robotic automation, while there are already many industrial Internet users in such areas as elevators, air-pressure machines, etc.
Over 100,000 customers are accumulated each year, and industry marketing continues to deepen, and we expect the company's general automation business to be 1704 loops, electric motor vehicle control: passenger cars are better tied than industry, logistics cars perform better than expected, and drive on the first line of vehicles and overseas. About 60% of the company's electric plates are generated by Wootong, and the current Utun emissions plan is 17q1 sold.
1,000, 1801 planned, 3,000 and ongoing repairs; with respect to logistics vehicles, eight of the top 10 logistics vehicle companies in the country are currently corporate clients, and we expect the company to have more than 30,000 logistics vehicle powered throughout the year, with orders of more than 300 million, the largest increase in new energy vehicle operations throughout the year, with expectations for 2018
More than 30% of the growth; with a large car market space, the domestic side has gained four or five a-point certifications, a one-line branding spot, and is expected to land more heavy-pound cars in and out of the country in 18 years. We expect the plate to grow into a world-class electric control firm in 2017, with electric car controls expected to become an important growth pole in the future.
Profit forecasts and valuations: the growth rate of the company’s general-purpose products and the volume of electric vehicle products was higher than expected by the market, 17q4 was better than expected, the positive trend continued in 2018, with a high growth rate of 18q1 determined, and the long-term layout was to be expected.