The performance report meets expectations, and the new energy business is the bright spot for the future — the review of the performance of Sesenkawa Technologies in 2017 — which benefited from the upgrading of domestic manufacturing automation and the rapid growth of corporate automation:
With the upgrading of our manufacturing sector and the rising demand for automated production, the demand for industrial automation products has grown faster in the equipment manufacturing sector and in the final market. During the reporting period, the company advanced the technology camp, Lee Wanshan.
Marketing and industry marketing strategies, with better competitive advantages in a wide range of segmented industries, corporate general automation (including products such as server systems, plc, general-frequency transformers, etc.), industrial robots, etc., are growing rapidly. At the same time, Hitcha is the national leader with the closest technology to a foreign firm, and it is hoped that it will be in the future.
A breakthrough in import substitution will capture the market share of internationally recognized firms like Siemens and abb. A strong investment in new energy motor power control will be a highlight of the company’s future: a company that has succeeded in cutting into the new energy passenger motor controllers with its hard technology and brand advantage.
The company has grown rapidly in 2017 in new energy logistics vehicles, while in recent years it has invested heavily in new power-borne motor control, and is expected to achieve breakthroughs in high-end customers such as the general public and BMW, sharing the rapid growth of the electric-car industry.
The increase in costs has led to a slower rate of net profits for the company than in revenue collection and is expected to improve in the future: changes in the structure of the company ' s products; an increase in the overall number of personnel on a par with the increase in the number of new energy-borne vehicle operations and an increase in the associated costs of personnel, technical advice, research and development materials, etc.; income tax costs compared with the previous year
Growth over the same period. This has led to slower growth in corporate performance than harvests, large-scale corporate investment in recent years, near harvests, and future net profits and income gaps are expected to improve as the company’s new energy auto power operations are released.
Keeping an eye on the company's future growth space and maintaining a “highly recommended” rating: new energy power by car, continuous layout, business sections, large growth of automated plates, new power cars.