Company review report  Banking net profit growth rate positive q4 one-season interest spread ring reduction safe bank (00001.sz)
In 2020, the company achieved business income of $15,35.42 million, an increase of 11.3 per cent over the previous year, and net profit returns from maternity.
In 2020, corporate credit and other assets were lost by 70.418 billion yuan, an increase of 18.30 per cent in comparison with the previous year, a contraction in the single-season net-rate spread of 04, and the restructuring of deposits and the continuing downward pressure on costs in 2020.
The company realized net interest income of $99,650 million, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the same period; the net interest difference of 2.53 per cent, a decrease of 9 bp over the same period, mainly affected by the lower rate of return on interest-bearing assets than the lower rate of cost of interest-bearing liabilities, with a net interest difference of 2.44 per cent for the 04 season, and a decline of 4 bp from 11 bp for the 03 season
Debts, improved pricing management, proactive efforts to reduce high-cost deposits, and the use of “financial + technological” advantages to leverage low-cost deposits effectively reduce the cost of deposits. In 2020, the average balance of corporate deposits averaged 2.23% of the average cost of corporate deposits, down 23 bp from the same year.
Cost rate of 2.17 per cent, 25 bp lower compared to year; average cost of personal deposits of 2.42 per cent lower than 20 bp lower compared to year.
Of the 53,892 million yuan recorded, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the same period, of which 43,481 million were earned on intermediate operations, representing an increase of 37.8 per cent in the same amount as on commission fees, mainly as a result of the group ' s active promotion of private sector business development, which led to an increase in fees for personal agent funds and trust schemes; and an increase in fees for bank cards.
8.5 per cent resulted in a corresponding increase in fees and fees, mainly due to the growth in credit card operations; other fees and commissions, which increased by 59.7 per cent over the same period, were mainly related to a decrease in the fair value of traded financial assets, such as trade finance, bond underwriting and treasury management operations, and a decrease in exchange gains and losses due to exchange rate fluctuations.
Improved asset quality indicators, increased risk offset capacity for companies to continuously adjust and optimize their business structures and further strengthen the disposal of non-performing loans, and continued improvement in asset quality indicators. By the end of 2020, corporate non-performing lending stood at 1.18 per cent, a decrease of 0.47 percentage points from the end of the previous year; interest in lending
At the end of the day, companies provided coverage, loan coverage for more than 60 days and loans for more than 90 days, and the issuance of non-fixed-term capital bonds for more than 100 million yuan, effectively supplementing other levels of capital.
Financial advantages are prominent; the strategy of “Technology leadership, retail breakthroughs, public excellence” has been pursued, and the strategy of “3+2+1” for the construction and deepening of retail operations, public and financial associations has been actively pursued.
Cost falls, assets are optimized, and risk offsets are enhanced. In combination with company fundamentals and stock-prices, the report is presented independently and objectively, with a commitment, diligence, independence, and clarity and precision. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.