Peace Bank (000001): Retails are showing up for business and asset quality continues to improve: 1 February, Peace Bank published its annual report for 2020.
There is plenty of room for future profits. By 2020, we'll be able to harvest, pop, and make a full transition to retail banks since 2016, build smart retail banks, and promote excellence.
This is largely due to faster growth, high interest differentials, and better performance of middle-income businesses. End-of-year asset companies’ banks are both lightening. Integrated finance is a feature of the company, and under constant improvement in asset quality, the pressure on the provision has declined, with credit costs falling by 1.73 per cent throughout the year, to 81bp.
The advantage is that companies are based on a large personal customer base, strong credit costs are expected to be lower than the average for their counterparts. More noteworthy is the early completion of the branding of Sake Bank to manage non-price issues, extensive distribution networks, and comprehensiveness.
The asset return statement, with $27.3 billion in non-credit provisions, is sufficient to allow for a profit-making release of a system of financial products in the future, and provides a powerful nuclear boost to the overall retail transformation, to build a leading intelligent retail bank.
The cost of the liability has been very effective and the cost of the deposit has dropped considerably. The cost of the liability decreased by 32 bp to 2.32% in the year 2020, mainly as a result of the cost of the deposit, and the cost of the deposit decreased by 23 bp per cent in the year.
Relying on the Peace Group, it benefits from the diversion of resources such as clients, technology, products, etc. (1) on the receiving side, the group's customer migration continues to advance, contributing high-quality, high-motivated customers. (2) On the technological side, the group attaches great importance to science and technology, continuously increasing its technical inputs, and sharing the group's scientific and technological resources will enable the bank to make a retail transition. (3) On the product side, the group has an integrated financial advantage.
Circulation b/h units (millions) are significant in providing one-stop financial products and services; cross-sales models help clients to become more sticky; retail transformation gains are strong and private business is growing rapidly.
With source support and strong strategic implementation, the transformation of retail operations has been remarkable, with retail lending accounting for 60.2 per cent at the end of 2020. It is a matter of concern that private banking grew rapidly in 2020, with private firms reaching aum aum up from 53.8 per cent to 1.1 trillion at the end of the previous year, which is a major factor in the 32.4 per cent increase in retail customers aum.
After the exhibition, there was also a marked optimisation of the customer structure. The gradual optimization of retail operations and continued careful customer structure and risk management ... will further contribute to profitable growth.
Increasing the exit of high-risk assets, the liquidation of assets on stock issues, and the overall optimization of the quality of public assets. At the same time, strict controls on incremental investments, selection of industries, customers, products, and focus on light assets and light capital operations.
Business current deposits increased by 16.6 per cent over the year, significantly above the growth in total deposits.” Investment proposal: The net profits of the Bank of Peace continued to grow robustly before the 2020 provision, with full provision of non-credit assets, the balance sheet being further solid, and the future profitable release of space available.
It's clear, and it's making a difference. We expect the net profits of ordinary shareholders to grow in the year 2021/2022 over the same period, the power of implementation and the maintenance of corporate resources and financial science and technology. We look forward to the company's future deepening of public retailing, tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
Source of the financial boom in the East: 3q20, 2020 performance split, source of the financial boom in the East.
Figure 5: Sustained downward pressure on the cost of the Bank ' s liabilities in 2020 Figure 7: Sustained improvement in the quality indicators of the Bank ' s assets
Figure 9: A steady increase in retail lending by the Bank of Peace, with retail lending rising by 1.8 to 60 per cent by year-on-year in late 2020
Peace Bank (000001): Retails are showing up for public business, and the quality of assets continues to improve.
Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. Years of experience in banking, career studies in gold securities, seaton securities, Skywind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.