Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) 31 October 2025, Pond Holdings Bulletin, third quarter 2025, reported that the first three quarters had achieved operating income of 26,855 million yuan, an increase of 14.34 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of 2,408 million yuan to the mother
• Optimizing the business structure and promoting new capacity-building
Business is based on the technological and productive advantage of the softboard, with companies maintaining a leading industry position, with revenues of $16,754 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 6 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a 62 per cent revenue ratio; and consumption.
Glasses represent the market development for end-side products, which generated $883 million in the first three quarters of the business, an increase of 23 per cent over the previous quarter, and a 33 per cent revenue ratio; in terms of vehicle/server panels and their use, the company actively promoted the certification and sampling of new products from industry's leading clients, the industry.
In the first three quarters of the block, the revenue was 1.392 billion yuan, an increase of 91 per cent over the previous quarter, and 5 per cent over the previous quarter. The business structure of the company was further optimized, with a high value added plate, and the business income was continuously rising. The company actively promoted the development of new production capacity, with capital spending in the first three quarters.
As the company’s new capacity is released, the area of numeracy will also be an important pillar of corporate development. Demand is not as high as expected; market competition is increasing; large clients are not moving as fast as expected; and capacity-building is not as high as expected.
1. Tighten the tide of the development of the ai, with eight years of buyer ' s experience in researching the technology-client-productivity, top-of-the-post, fund-raising, and so on.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.