Performance forecast continues to be high, and companies are moving into fast track. 14/01.2020. Companies issued an advance announcement on annual performance in 2019, with expected operating income of $15.1 billion in 2019.
At around the dollar, the net return to the mother grew by around 10.34 per cent over the same period, with a net gain of about 1.2 billion yuan over the same period.  The performance forecast for 2019 continued to grow at a high rate, with companies developing into fast lanes: companies are one of the leading tyre enterprises in the country, focusing on the research and development, production and marketing of tyres since their inception in 2002.
The company’s industry is expected to be further consolidated and upgraded in the future, with improved layout and branding abroad.
The supply side reform is not yet over, and the tyre head business is expected to change significantly: across the global market, the first trinity of the tyre industry in the long term, with the combined market share of the world's tyre industry, with the spread of supply-side reforms, is 38.6 per cent.
Small- and medium-scale production is gradually clear, and the domestic market is in the process of concentrating on the head of the tyre business, which is expected to grow from a strong to a more competitive world. The strong profitability of Viet Nam’s productive capacity is a central growth point in corporate profits: Vietnamese production is effective.
Avoiding trade barriers and enjoying a preferential policy of reducing corporate income tax rates by half (or 5%), strong profitability and competitive advantages were highlighted, with Vietnamese subsidiaries contributing 77% and 64% of the net profit from public repatriation.
The full steel production capacity was officially put into production in November 2019, and the company ' s level of profitability is expected to increase continuously as the capacity is phased in. 1, Racer Tyres (601058): Three Seasons
▪ Implementation of equity incentive schemes, with clear targets for high future growth: companies actively implement restrictive equity incentive schemes, awarding 135 million shares, or 5.0 per cent of total equity, awarding prices 2, " Race tires (601058) " : introduction
China’s one-inch, Replenishment subsidiary, Xiacha, has the confidence to achieve rapid and sustainable development.
Future profitability is expected to continue to increase as the concentration of the industry rises and the volume of corporate output increases, maintaining a “uptake” rating of the company. Downward transmission: the risk of pledge rights being levelled at a high bond rate for major shareholders is high.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board