Overseas production is not affected by the epidemic, and high growth is still highly certain: 2748 more tyres (601058.sh) than in the previous day; 21558 suspected cases, 2014 more than in the previous day; 361 deaths, 57 more than in the previous day; and the number of people cured.
According to the company’s annual reports for 2018 and the semi-annual reports for 2019, in 2018, the company’s factory in Viet Nam had a net profit of $515 million, or 77 per cent of the company’s total net profit. In the first half of 2019, the factory contributed a net profit of $325 million, or 64 per cent in the first half of the year.
At the same time, based on the company ' s 2019 performance forecast, the company is expected to realize a net return profit of 1.2 billion yuan, an increase of 79.6 per cent over the year, and a net non-return profit of 1.140 billion yuan, an increase of 86.18 per cent over the year. The net profit of the company has increased significantly, mainly from the company ' s overseas production capacity in Viet Nam.
In 2019, the company ' s full steel and semi-steel production capacity at Vietnamese factories in Viet Nam accounted for only 21 per cent of the total steel and semi-steel production capacity, but contributed nearly three quarters of the company ' s net profit. According to the Chinese News Network, as of 3 February 2020, the number of confirmed cases of new coronary virus infections in Viet Nam amounted to eight, with a smaller overall impact, and the production of Vietnamese industrial plants remained normal.
On November 18, 2019, the company, jointly with the platinum, established the "actr tires company " (Viet Nam III Project) \triangleright officially opened in the province of Sinning, Viet Nam.
The net profit forecast is a substantial increase of 80 per cent, and the overseas capacity to release sustained growth in the powered industry is equal to the sales and profits generated by phase III (2.4 million steel tires per year) of Viet Nam in phase II (10 million steel tires per year + 1.2 million steel tires per year).
"The first three quarters of net profit has passed last year, the country's tires have taken off, Viet Nam's three rounds of groundbreaking started on 1 March 2019, Viet Nam completed the first tyre offline on 1 October 2019, was officially launched on 18 November 2019, and the road to the construction cycle is being verified!"
"Share travel brings about a huge industrial change, and the country’s tires are winding up for just eight months. After three rounds of production in Vietnam, the company’s capacity will reach 22% for half of steel production abroad and 45% for full steel production abroad!
The Division reported in the semi-annual report in 2018 that the company ' s overseas business income was 73%, that the vast majority of the company ' s demand for products came from abroad, and that the demand for tyres from abroad was not affected by the epidemic in the case of traffic control in China. Meanwhile, in the first quarter of 2020, domestic tyre companies were operating at low rates of profit from the epidemic to build new production capacity abroad, lower prices for natural rubber and better costs. On 3 February 2020, 20 glues were collected at a cost of $9350/ton, compared with 10925/ton on 14 January 2020.
\triangleright tons, down by $1,575/t for half a month, with natural rubber prices falling by 14%! Natural rubber costs are higher in tyre production, natural rubber prices
The decline in the number nine courthouse on the west corner of Beijing City City is helping to raise the rate of Maori in tire production companies.
Risk factors \triangleright: 1 - The global macroeconomic situation fluctuates, leading to continued downswings in demand. 2 - China's tyre exports continue to be exposed to more severe international anti-dumping pressures 3 - Risks of high volatility in prices of natural and synthetic rubber
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, China Chemical Group, seven years of experience in managing the chemical industry. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.