Viet Nam's trade agreement with the European Union entered into force as soon as July, and the wheels of Viet Nam's production accelerated! 14 February 2020 race tires (601058.sh)
According to information from the Chinese News Network on 13 February 2020, on 12 February 2020 local time, the European Parliament adopted the Viet Nam-EU Free Trade Agreement (evfta) by a vote of 401 in favour, 192 against and 40 against, and the Investment Protection Agreement (evipa) by a vote of 407 against and 53 abstentions.
\triangleright Free Trade Agreement entered into force as soon as July, with 4.5% of tyre tariffs expected to be lifted. According to news from China News, on February 12, 2020, local time, the ratification process between Viet Nam and the European Union Free Trade Agreement (evfta) continued to move forward and was approved by the European Parliament on July 12.
Viet Nam will accelerate the process of ratification of the Viet Nam-EU Free Trade Agreement (evfta), which is expected to be submitted to the National Assembly for consideration in May 2020. Viet Nam-EU Free Trade Agreement will be adopted after further consideration by the National Assembly of Viet Nam and will enter into force as soon as July 2020. Under this agreement, Viet Nam will enjoy tariff preferences with 28 EU economies, and will be a research assistant in Hong Young-dong.
Upon the entry into force of the Agreement, the EU immediately lifted around 85.6% of Vietnamese import duties, accounting for 70.3% of Viet Nam's exports to the EU, while 48.5% of taxes exported from the EU to Viet Nam will also be immediately cancelled, accounting for 64.5% of the EU exports to Viet Nam; 99% of customs duties on goods from both sides will be lifted inland in 10 years. According to the European Tariff Database, currently Viet Nam exports tyres to the EU, with 4.5% duties.
China’s tire production and capacity abroad is dominated by Thailand, and the competitive wheel’s edge in Viet Nam is further highlighted! According to our statistics, by the end of 2019, China’s tyre industry had built overseas.
The total steel production capacity is 6.9 million / year, and the half steel production capacity is 4650 / year. Of this, the total steel production capacity built in Thailand is 5.7 million / year.
1.2 million live births in Viet Nam with only wheel tyres; 3350 in Thailand with half steel tires, 10 million in Viet Nam/year and construction.
The road is being verified!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Flight! 2019.10 to 3.6 million full-year steel and 10 million half-year-year steel. If Viet Nam’s trade agreement with the European Union, which came into force in July 2020 and which has been cancelled, contains tyres, the export of tire products from race-round Vietnamese factories to Europe will be more pronounced than domestic exports to Europe. The United States and Europe are tyre exports.
The two largest destinations, with the signing and adoption of the Viet Nam-European Trade Agreement, will have a greater regional advantage. In addition, we believe that the complete elimination of Viet Nam-European Union bilateral tariffs, similar to China’s accession to wto, will be beneficial to the rapid development of the Vietnamese economy and will stimulate local Vietnam’s tires, the Sinda Securities Company Ltd.
Demand. So, we believe that Viet Nam's free trade agreement with the European Union will accelerate Viet Nam's profits on both the export side and domestic demand side!
Risk factors \triangleright: 1 - The global macroeconomic situation fluctuates, leading to continued downswings in demand. 2 - China's tyre exports continue to be exposed to more severe international anti-dumping pressures 3 - Risks of high volatility in prices of natural and synthetic rubber
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, China Chemical Group, seven years of experience in managing the chemical industry. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.