On 14 January 2020, the company issued an advance announcement on its annual performance in 2019, which projected operating income of $15.1 billion in 2019, an increase of 10.34 per cent.
The company expects to realize a net profit of 1.2 billion yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies in 2019, an increase of 79.6 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 1.140 billion yuan not attributable to the mother, a substantial increase of 80 per cent in net profits from overseas plants, and a profit release from overseas plants. According to company performance forecasts, the company expects a net profit of 1.2 billion yuan in return, an increase of 79.6 per cent, a net profit of 1.14 billion yuan in non-return to the mother, an increase of 86.18 per cent in the same year. The company ' s net profit of return exceeds 1 billion yuan, a historic increase!
The significant increase in net corporate profits comes mainly from two sources: on the one hand, the emerging effect of the company ' s market openings, the increase in the capacity utilization factor plus the natural end of the cost, and the relatively low prices of rubber and synthetic rubber, which have led to an increase in the company ' s operating income of about 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a decrease in the cost end and an increase in the Māori rate; and, on the other hand, the company ' s Hong Yingdong Research Assistant.
In the first half of 2019, Viet Nam contributed $325 million in net profits, accounting for the first half of the year. Viet Nam is expected to complete its third phase of production in the first half of 2020, and the company’s profitability is expected to increase further as Viet Nam improves its capacity to produce its plants.
Downstream car customers establish cooperative relationships! New energy cars become an important development for future cars, influenced by policy support, market boosts, technological advances, etc. North, "The first three quarters of net profit has outperformed last year, and the road to national tires is being tested! "2019.10.
The new energy source ec3, and the new energy source #500, all accompanied by wheel tires. The new energy company, Beijing New Energy Motors Inc., is a new energy company owned by the North Gas Group.
On 11 January 2020, the wheels signed with Japan’s famous mobile d1gp, the wheels.
\triangleright has become an official strategic partner for d1gp and an official tyre supplier for d1. The company has been involved in car shopping since 2014. For the last two years, it has been participating in several major international events, including the d1gp China Tournament, dcgp, cdc, idc, etc.
The quality of the Division’s products is recognized by the world and, on the other hand, the international influence of corporate brands is further enhanced. More than 80% of corporate sales revenue comes from overseas!
Risk factors: (a) The global macroeconomic situation is volatile, leading to continued downswings in demand. (b) China's tyre exports continue to experience more severe international anti-dumping pressures.
\triangleright Risks of Significant Volatility in Natural and Synthetic Rubber Prices Zhang Yansheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, 7 years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.