On February 28, 2020, the company issued an announcement that it intended to invest in three million high-performance, smart steel loads per year through fully-owned company racers (Senyang).
According to the company ' s feasibility report, the company ' s 3 million high-performance smart steel-carryed full-time meridian tyres project, a new project based on the full steel production capacity of 2 million steel-years of the race wheel (Senyang), and 2 million steel-year sales of the entire steel tyres of the race wheel (Senyang) have been maintained.
High capacity utilization has demonstrated good profitability, with the production capacity of 3 million full steel mid-lifes added annually, which will further boost corporate profitability. New project target markets are based in the north-east, dominated by domestic market sales, taking into account the car-backed and replacement markets of countries and regions of South-East Asia. According to the company project feasibility report, the project is expected to achieve sales revenue of $2.35 billion, with raw materials at an average market price of October-December 2019.
According to the company’s feasibility report, a total of $2 billion has been invested in new projects, of which the company is self-financing $1.5 billion.
\triangleright borrows $500 million and invests in projects for 24 months. In terms of net corporate cash flows, over the past year (q4-2019 q3 in 2018), the corporate net cash flow was $3.08 billion, compared to $1.5 billion in self-financing in project investments, and the overall scale of the new project is manageable!
The fastest-ever entry into force of the Viet Nam-EU Trade Agreement in July, the \triangleright unit of \triangleright, has a strong investment edge and high risk resistance.
Overseas Production is not affected by the epidemic, but high growth is still highly certain! 83 million yuan. According to our statistics, the country’s major tyre enterprises have invested in new and ongoing projects over the last three years, with an average of 140 million yuan per million yuan worth of sales income for the country’s major tyre enterprises, and the company’s unit sales income is significantly lower than the industry average!
The net profit forecast increases by 80 per cent, the overseas capacity to release sustained growth in industry performance by 2020.1 and increased resilience to risk. Based on the company ' s project feasibility report, the firm ' s profit/loss balance for new projects is 53.17 per cent, with a high level of safe borders!
"The first three quarters of the net profit has passed last year, and the path is being tested!" 2019.10 "Share travels are causing a huge industrial change, and the country's tires are getting windy.
2019.10 Risk factors: 1 - Volatility of the global macroeconomic situation, resulting in a continuous decline in demand. 2 - China ' s tyre exports continue to experience a more severe international anti-dumping wind. \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Risks of Significant Volatility in Natural and Synthetic Rubber Prices
In March 2015, the China Chemical Research and Development Centre formally joined the Sunda Securities Development Centre, which is a chemical industry research company. Sunda Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter “Suda Securities”) has the qualifications for the securities investment consultancy approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.