The current company's pig-breeding business has entered a new phase of development: through the cycle, hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue and 200 billion dollars in market value:
The restructuring of the organizational structure was completed and the obstacles to business development were removed. In 2018, the "new model" and "new six model" of the company were managed by the Pig Industry Board, while some of the feed farms were separated from the feed sector and included in the Pig Industry Board.
Some of the profits from the material sector flowed to downstream farming and the food industry, avoiding internal consumption; and the organization was well-structured to clear the way for subsequent business development. The concentration farming model had its advantages during the non-pest period.
At the same time, forage, livestock and slaughter, there is a concentration of resources, forming an industrial chain of closure and a whole industry chain of control that reduces exposure to risk. The company’s new pig farm is now built for a conglomeration model, and the future pattern of pig production will continue to rise, with a constant increase in non-pestic patterns.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares): Against a background, the firm's ability to control will remain in the first echelons for a long time.
There's a lot of room for equity financing: access to finance is wide and low, with the company's current unused bank credit is expected to be more than 30 billion and the loan interest rate is very clear; there's plenty of cash in hand, New Hope: Growing Pigs, New Stars.
More than a billion people, the company’s financing space and financial security are among its peers. New Hope: A show after pig farming, big buybacks, 25 million pigs, 25 million tons of feed for sale and 1 billion for meat and poultry slaughter.
(b) 100 per cent of annual revenues, with higher operating conditions also ensuring a high growth in pig production over the next four years.1 The supply and price risks of feed raw materials, which may be adversely affected by higher raw material prices, may have an adverse impact on the performance of companies ' feed plates;
The outbreak of African pigpest, blue ear disease, etc. in the farm industry has a greater impact on pig-breeding plates.
3. The abnormally volatile prices of pigs will have a greater impact on the profitability of the company ' s raw slabs, the number of piglets and plates,4 the possibility that the emergence of a vaccine against Africa ' s pigpest could halt the process of degenerative capacity, that the prices of pigs will rise or fall short of the creation of Sichuan New Hope Agricultural Co. Ltd. in 1998, that the restructuring of Shandong 6 and the growth of giants will begin in 2011.
The company grew from a market value of 2.3 billion just listed to a market value of 77.7 billion on 28 May 2019; from diversified operations to a focus on agriculture and livestock; and from an improved organizational structure that led to the creation of several major business units now operating abroad, such as feed, poultry, raw pigs, food.
Column 25 million targets, given the current African pigpest scenario, where the duration of the cycle and the high price are probably higher than expected from the market, make the company's current large-scale layout of pig-breeding operations more market-oriented and, according to our projections, the development of new hope is accompanied by a major shift in strategic and organizational structure, from diversified operations to a focus on agro-pastoral chains, from one.
In the context of strategic and organizational restructuring, it is possible to identify the potential for rapid future development. In 1998-2006, Sichuan New Hope Agricultural Co. Ltd. operated in a more decentralized manner, in the main feed business, and in the milk industry.
In December 2006, the company acquired 31.183% of the stock of thousands of cranes, and officially began to plant pork slaughter.
In the context of relative independence between company operations and a small number of subsidiaries, the Ministry of Industry has managed to guarantee each business from the top, which has grown rapidly, and the growth rate of corporate revenue has remained at about 20 per cent.
The period 2006-2012 was the focus of the company ' s business, and the company gradually shifted its main business to farming and livestock, downplaying the chemical, dairy and real estate industries of listed companies through asset swaps and sales. In 2007, the company ' s shareholdings with HCM were sold; in 2011, the listed company held 100 per cent of its share in the new milk industry and the South.
It is hoped that 92.75 per cent of the new shares held in the agricultural sector will be converted into assets, and that the milk industry will not be formally included in the consolidated statements of listed companies; in the same year, the listed companies will be sold 51 per cent of the 51 per cent of the 51 per cent of the Sichuan New Hope and limited Sichuan Public Sector to Sichuan New Hope Real Estate Development Limited.
In 2011, by issuing shares, the company purchased 75 per cent of the shares of TCI, 100 per cent of the shares of Shandong Six and Group Limited, 24 per cent of the shares of Six and Feeding Company Limited and 7.25 per cent of the shares of Sichuan New Hope Agriculture and Livestock Company Limited.
By restructuring Shandong VI, companies have grown dramatically. The volume of business income, feed sales and meat sales in 2011 increased by about 10 times as much as in 2010, with total assets more than twice as high as in 2010, while inter-industry mergers and acquisitions have produced mega-diplomatics, while business collaboration among many subsidiaries, internal cohesion and cultural integration will be a much longer process.
Chart 7 Reorganization VI and Changes in Corporate Business Income (Billions of Dollars) Chart 8 Reorganization VI and Changes in Corporate Total Assets (Billions of Dollars) Chart 10 Reorganization VI and Changes in Company Feeding Volumes (Tons) Before and After Reorganization VI
Figure 9 Reorganization VI and changes in the volume of company meat sales before and after (tonnes) (iii) 2013 ~2017: Reform phase: the company was officially renamed New Hope VI and Conglomerates on 27 December 2011, often after mergers between industry giants
Along with the compatibility of business and personnel, in 2013 Chairman Liu was replaced by Professor Chen Chun-hwa as Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who initiated a series of reforms in the internal management of the company. Sixth, and Founder Tang Jianxing, in Shandong, established the sixth and core values of “goodness, dryness, learning, and peace.”
At a conference in 1997, Zhang Tang announced a three-fold increase in employees’ wages to attract talent far above the average wages in the industry.
The acquisition of Shandong Six and the pre-Shangdong Six, the new hope as the company that was listed in the year in question, the financial and business process system from its inception and throughout, and the clear planning of business and performance growth, led to a culture of harmony, rigour and nurturing at its core, “family, army, school-like” with emphasis on compliance with discipline and regulations and strengthening of the culture of enterprises.
Implementation. There is a certain difference between the two sides in the concept of corporate culture, and Professor Chen Chun-hwa sought to share the differences between the two cultures, and eventually refined and formed the core values of “new, real, modest”.
Shandong Six and the group started from Shandong, where all branches and 80% of the holding companies were located in 2010, and the public divisions have been working for years in Shandong, deep-rooted, and there are many cross-linkages between companies. The company was unable to clear its cross-cutting and related business within a short period of time at the time of the merger in 2011.
In 2012, the company established the Chengdu Centre, the Qingdao Centre, the Overseas Centre and the Tri-North Centre, each of which manages all of its operations in the centres of fodder, farming, slaughtering, etc., with a deputy general, in isolation from its operations at each centre and with low binding headquarters.
As a result, after Professor Chen Chunhua took office in June 2013, he began to adjust the organizational structure in line with the development strategy. In July 2013, the largest Qingjia centre was dismantled into five districts (Central China, Guodong, Ruthy, Luimon, Shoji) and four districts in Shandong (with the exception of China and China) were collectively referred to as “Tiandong Tsang Gang”; and the San Norte Centre and Chengdu Centre.
Small units are more directly under the direct jurisdiction of Headquarters. Small units were managed in 2013 compared to the four major central management systems in 2012, and the essence of which was an empowerment process.
Staff motivation, giving more grass-roots staff management teams the opportunity to deal well with loss of staff and weak headquarters control over subsidiaries. In 2015, as the intensive farming model matured, companies took the lead in areas with a better base of industrial chains, such as Shandong.
Regrouping the past relatively independent feed and slaughter operations into multiple integrated bases. The clustering is a regional division, and the head of the gathering is called the “pool manager”, and the conglomerate management model is for companies to move downstream farming and food services, shifting upstream profits to downstream industries. The conglomerate integrated management model has taken the lead in the north, not yet in the north.
Both 2015 and 2016 are negative. Compared with the rapid growth before mergers, the acquisition of six and the attendant problems of human and cultural compatibility, and frequent restructuring of the organizational structure, have brought the company’s development to a standstill.
Figure 14 (t) tons of company feed sales from 2012 to 2017: 2018-present: re-launching phase The network and small unit system strengthened the management capacity of the company ' s head office vis-à-vis its branch offices at the beginning of its creation, releasing employee motivation.
But too many small business units are increasingly exposed to weaknesses in business goal coherence, and companies will have to change their joint systems if they are to expand their size and build up top-down development plans. In 2017, companies sought change, and in 2018, they formally transformed themselves into business-led structures with feed-bu,
Five strategic business modules in the poultry industry, the Pig Industry Council, the food industry, the Overseas District, with a more flat organizational structure at the headquarters of the five big huts, under the direct supervision of five vice-presidents, and the former “outsourcing pig plus cooperative breeding” in the feed sector, integrated under the Pig Industry Board, flat structure, consistency of objectives in the same business sector
Sex has cleared the institutional hurdles by setting up a new vision of 25 million tons of fodder and 25 million live pigs by 2022. Fullly, from some of the new business line leaders who took up their posts in 2017, it has been seen that the main executives of the Poultry and Pig Industries Committees are six and six, which is enough to see that the “six people” and the “new people of hope” are integrated.
Integration has led to enterprise development, with the sale of fodder increasing to more than 17 million tons in 2018, with growth rates of around 10 per cent in the 2018 and 2019q1 camps, and a marked improvement in performance.
(v) From a historical point of view, the institutional level guarantees the rapid development of pig-breeding operations. Why does the company have a better chance of growing pig-breeding plates? We believe that, at the institutional level, it is clear that 1) top-down decision-making and management are not optimal at the reform stage.
After taking office, the company’s strategy shifted to downstream farming and food. In 2014, pig farming coincided with the last cycle of the pig cycle, during which the company’s organizational structure and personnel adjustments were at the lull stage, traditional business feed growth slowed down, performance was negative, and pig farming was also affected as a company’s new development business.
Annual pig prices are low, 2016 is the peak of the pig price cycle, and in 2015 just-state technology was strong, and in 2016 the number of pig births grew rapidly, while new hopes for 2015 grew faster and growth slowed down in 2016.) The current industry system has improved its top-down management efficiency, consistency of objectives and upstream-downward concessions.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry was re-established and the “new model” and “new six model” were managed by the Pig Industry Board, while feed farms in the sector were gradually moved away from the feed sector to the Pig Industry Board, and the company organized its profits from the feed sector into downstream farming and the food industry, avoiding sector consumption.
In 2018, the New Hope Group began to implement the “Mother Million Talents Strategy” aimed at attracting 100 excellent balbas and PhDs as business partners in three years, 1,000 masters and more management trainers.
As senior managers and tens of thousands of college graduates become career leaders, the “10 million talent strategy” is the talent strategy that underpins the Group’s ambitious development blueprint for the next three to five years. Companies recruit new high-quality talent each year, with 7675 undergraduate and above employees in 2018, representing the total number of company employees.
In addition to recruitment, business colleges and industrial colleges are set up to focus on internal talent development. In this context, business colleges are committed to leadership development, organizational efficiency, and leadership from staff to chief executive officers through a series of elite programmes; industry colleges are committed to the rapid export of industrial talent, technology and business at different levels.
External recruitment of highly qualified personnel, internal enrichment of promotion channels, targeted promotions, the leadership development system of the Business School of Company 23 and the training system of the Industrial College of Company 24
ii. Agglomeration model: The advantages of the non-pessil context were highlighted in 2012, when the company began operating as a pig-breeding business with a high standard of development, investing in 3 billion first-time pig production projects in Shandong Xiajin, the country ' s largest concentrated pig-breeding system, with a high degree of automation and aggregation.
Irrigation of production patterns, and the business model of “Corporate + Scale Farmers”, also known as the “New Good Model”, which has enabled the selection of varieties from the ancestral pig farm to commodity-based fattening and re-fertilization through intra-group corporate slaughter processes to enter the final market, in a one-stop shop operating in the entire industrial chain, with a view to setting up a stick in the domestic pig industry. The main production indicators are currently in Xiajin.
In the next few years, the company will also be taking the lead in developing pig-breeding business using the Xiajin project as a template, using a variety of models such as high-quality and efficient hog farms, in conjunction with family farms for co-fertilization.
High standards, high specifications, high efficiency, high biocontrol. The company followed high specifications, high standards, and hired top experts from Europe and America and China to design it in combination with local climate characteristics, biosafety, etc., and to build modern green, circular, congested farms, whole pig farms, and the pig herds in the wasteland of the former rivers and beaches.
The equipment in the pighouses is the lead in the country, the world's first-class. The temperature, humidity, and fine control of the ring control equipment are systematic, the air from which the pig breathes is strictly filtered through air-filtration purification equipment, input, water feed, sanitation are all electronic devices.
Mobile control. The workers at the boar station and at the core group are managed in a closed, round-the-clock manner, with two layers of disinfection per day entering the ringhouse, maximizing the full-scale stereo protection of pigs. Chart 28 Automation of pig field feeding
Chart 29 Aggregation of Pigland Birds: In 2013, the company joined strongly with the world ' s largest pig company, Pic, and in 2014, introduced 10,000 high-quality two-negative pigs from a variety of diseases, such as blue ears, pseudo-rabies, ecstasy, etc., in combination with the latest advanced breeding techniques and legacies abroad.
At the same time, the company has achieved better results by improving the way in which the pig farm is produced, balancing its load by week, producing, using data management systems, new methods of manual insemination, quantifiable biosafety assessment systems, etc.
In terms of mechanization, the “new model” would allow one person to feed 10,000 pigs, reaching international leadership, more than double the average of 2000-5,000 in the United States and Denmark, and labour and other costs in the company’s farm costs.
In terms of farm costs: In spite of cyclical fluctuations in prices, the key to good pig farming is cost control, and experience over the years shows that the total cost of a pig is less than $14/kg, which is better guaranteed for the entire cycle; new hope 6 and timely monitoring of feed at every stage of production through data tracking, timely correction and control of feed cost waves.
Fees, precision nutrition, multi-stage feeding, and effective reduction in the cost of meat production. In 2018, the “new good” model reduced the full cost of raising pigs to about $12.12/kg and is expected to reduce the cost of farming again to $11/kg, thanks to the advantages of new hope six and agricultural resources, particularly for fodder, seedlings, farming techniques, vaccination levels and food safety control.
Disease control and food safety: the company strictly controls every link, relying on the advantages of the group feed plant, and has equipped feed transit stations. 25% of pigs in the core field raise their own fats and produce high-end commodity pigs; 75% of pigs in the core field are replaced using the cooperative model of the company plus the family farm, and the company provides the surrogates with the “Unified Hog House Standard, Standardized”
A pig's seedling, uniform feed, unified service guidance, uniform veterinary medicine, uniform vaccine, unified fur pig recycling.” Seven harmonized protocols allow for maximum field control of each link of farming, together with its own slaughterhouse, to form a dragon-closing production chain that allows all production processes to be truly visible and manageable, and ultimately to achieve end-product quality from the source.
At present, in the context of the African pigpest, the advantages of a concentrated farming model are highlighted: 1) high standards are built, with a high level of control. At the beginning of construction, every concentrated pig farm is designed in accordance with high specifications, high standards, taking into account a combination of various factors such as climate characteristics and biosafety, and the disease prevention and control capability is always in place.
At advanced levels, the industry has accumulated extensive experience in disease prevention and control, without fear of a plague. 2) Forage, breeding and slaughtering resources are concentrated and industrial chains are closed. The portability and survival of non-pest viruses is strong, and poorly controlled pig farms are extremely easy to recruit.
The company’s current construction of new pig farms is a concentrated model, with future hog production patterns accounting for a larger share of the company’s total production. This means that the company’s biocontrol capabilities will be in the forefront for a long time, against the background of possible normalization of the African pigpest.
One ladder, with an absolute advantage in its ability to control, three, finance: financing space and financial security are strong, and we believe that the company is now stronger in terms of financing space and financial security, based on the following three points:
The year’s target of 25 million pigs against 2018 is 22.5 million new pigs, with a single pig in the column 2), with greater access and lower cost. The company now has a combined letter award of more than $49 billion from a number of financial institutions around the world, with a 25% letter rate and an estimated 30 billion unused.
3. The cash flow is abundant. At the end of 2018, the company ' s cash-type assets (money + available for sale + financial assets + transactional cash financing product) amounted to $5.775 billion, while the feed business also provided companies with a steady flow of cash, which had been stable for more than 40 billion years, with ample cash in hand.
IV. Market value outlook: through the cycle, hundreds of billions of dollars, 200 billion dollars, if 15 dollars per kilogram and 1,800 dollars per pig per pig, 45 billion dollars per pig-growing plate; Poultry target of over 1 billion poultry slaughters in 2022, rising from the current 780 million to more than 1 billion.
By the time the target was reached in 2022, the poultice harvest would have broken by 20 billion; The sum of the feed, poultry, raw pigs, and foodstuffs would have been close to 140 billion, i.e., if the three plates of feed, poultry, raw pigs, etc. had been set up in 2022, the increase in the harvest would have been higher or even greater than in 2018.
With less than 20 billion revenues, that is, 25 billion farmed pigs, there were 1,388 million pigs in 2022, up more than four times as much as in 2018. Thus, equity incentives guarantee a growth in corporate income, especially if they are produced at a very high rate.
On November 6, 2018, the total market value of new hopes was only 26.8 billion, and we were in New Hope: Post-pig Farming Shows, Billion, People's Bank, $10 billion, with a total market value of $70 billion. And, surprisingly, on April 30, 2019, Shinshi.
The average annual price is $15 per kilogram, the full cost of corporate farming is reduced to $12 per kilogram, and the net profit of 25 million live pigs is $9 billion at $3 per kilogram. At 15 times the price is 2022.
(iii) Poultry plate: Currently, some of the company ' s meat slaughter is still out-purchased, subject to upstream prices, and some of the profits from the company ' s out-sourcing of poultry slaughter are low. If the company recovers its own slaughter in 2022, reference should be made to the whole chain operating model of San Farm ' s development.
Even with the end of the meat-fowl boom in 2022, with the entire chain earning only $1, the profit from the slaughter of one billion plumes of the avian plate is 1 billion and the same 20-fold valuation for the company and the sauna is expected to yield an investment return of 2,506 million. After deducting a minority shareholder’s interest, the return on the investment attributable to the parent company is about 1.9 billion.
1. The supply and price risks of feed raw materials, where higher prices may have an adverse effect on the company’s feed plate performance, and diseases such as African pigpest and blue ear disease in the farm industry, which have a greater impact on pig-breeding plates. If a serious outbreak occurs in the region of the company’s production base, it will have an impact on the company’s feed production and production operations.
3. The abnormally volatile prices of pigs will have a greater impact on the company’s profits from the production of piglets, which may not be as high as expected, the emergence of a vaccine against Africa’s pigpest, which may halt the process of degeneration, and the increase in prices of pigs, which may not be as high as expected.
Four years of research by agricultural, forestry and fishing sellers; served in the Red Towers Fund, China Sea Securities, Merchant Securities Institute, Beijing City West Side, 9 North Avenue.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified in securities investment consulting business and operates under the licence number 1348000.