The Bank of Merchants (600036) focuses on the core strengths and builds the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre for the Protector of the City.
Recommended logic: Merchant banks have a pre-eminence in terms of size and customer base. Debt-based high-quality strategic clients, who build low-cost moats based on long-term accumulation, are dependent on low-risk, high-yield retail operations that have kept up the momentum of high-quality development in the last two years.
• Focusing on strategic clients, with clear cost advantages. The cost of liabilities of the hiring banks is kept low in the industry for long periods of time.
To benefit from its high-quality client base and customer stickyness, to focus on client stratification and strategic crowding on the wholesale end, to attract sticky, high-net wealth allocation clearing accounts at the retail end through cross-sales and customer orientation, thereby keeping current deposits at more than 50% and ranking them first in the industry. Low-cost advantage pulls the trigger.
Retail banks are the first commercial banks to offer a retail transition route. The share of retail financial turnover and profit in the post-transition firms is higher than wholesale finance: retail customers.
The number of households and the size of the aum continue to expand, and the share of retail customers of sunflowers and above has remained stable at over 70% over the long term, with a high-quality and affordable strategic customer base. With the contribution of composite funds, such as bank card charges and agency services, it is expected that non-interest income will rebound and return to a faster growth trend.
Poor improvement is expected, and wind control is strong. Merchant banks, relying on their unique advantages, have achieved improvements in the quality of loan assets through continued optimization of retail credit policies and public credit policies and improved risk management capabilities. Companies focus on optimizing their portfolio of risk-based assets in credit risk control, with economic cycles.
The downside pressure has increased in the economic context, reflecting a stronger resistance to the cycle. By the end of the third quarter of 2018, the balance of non-performing loans from merchant banks had been 56,247 million yuan, down by 1,146 million yuan from the end of the previous year; the rate of non-performing loans was 1.42 per cent, down by 0.19 percentage points from the end of the previous year, achieving a “double drop” in the balance of non-performing loans and a negative rate.
At the wholesale financial business, the recruitment focus on customer service systems accelerates the transition to an Internet model. At the retail financial business, the recruitment focus is on creating the best customer experience to achieve a business model.
• Profit predictions and investment proposals: as the macroeconomic environment stabilizes, we believe that the banks rely on corporate debt advantages, retail advantages, quality advantages, and technological advantages to build a parallel between strong market competitions.
Qualitative deterioration: savings cost rises or narrows the space for company interest differentials. 1 Company profile: The path to the rise of retail taps.
After 31 years of development, banks have become large banks with financial plates such as commercial banks, financial leasing, fund management, life insurance, offshore investment, etc.
Since 1989, with market demand as the basis for the commercialization of financial products and services, and with the introduction of a series of enrichment operations, such as stock build-ups, equity transfers, etc., the number of shareholders amounted to 108 on 31 December 2001, immediately before the market, and the capital received exceeded 4.2 billion yuan.
A+h shares were marketed successfully. As of 30 September 2018, the total equity stock of the Recruiting Bank was 25,495 million, of which a share was 80,91 per cent, h share was 18.01 per cent, and a priority share of 1.08 per cent was issued last October to supplement its capital at the other level.
In the hands of the Commissariat Group, the Ambangese Department, the China Ocean Shipping Department, and the Credit Union, figure 1: Merchant Bank equity structure.
Core indicators, such as profits, have long been in the top three shares banks, especially performance indicators, in the industry. According to the 3rd quarterly report of 2018, the size of the merchant bank assets was $651 trillion, located in the 2nd place of the share bank, industry 7th place, operating income in the previous 3rd quarter was $1882.21 billion, resulting in a net return of $67.380 billion to the mother, and performance exceeded that of the state-owned bank.
As a result of the pre-eminence of retail operations and the outstanding quality of assets, the past performance of merchant banks has been at the forefront of the industry. Despite the pressure on asset quality and provision over the 2015 economic cycle, performance has increased in the last three years.
According to the company's latest disclosed performance data for the first three quarters of 2018, the net return profit of the company grew by 14.58 per cent over the year, 0.58 percentage points over the year, not only at its highest level in almost five years, but also at the top of the stock market. This, we believe, has largely benefited from the company's vigorous development of retail trade and training over the past two years.
As a result of a “light banking” development strategy proposed by companies, “one-wing” (retail-based, public- and peer-based), retailing has grown rapidly, with retail money growing as of the first half of 2018.
More than 20 per cent of the assets of the banking sector, more than 50 per cent of the revenues of the wholesale financial business, and more than 50 per cent of the profit contribution, which has stabilized at more than 50 per cent since 2015, are typical retail businesses.2 Consolidating the core advantages of building a competitive moat
2.1 Cost advantages: Focus on strategic customer development, building a liability moat, running a firm’s long-term focus on client stratification, and strengthening a full customer base. A layered classification system has been established for wholesale customers, consisting of basic customers, strategic customers, small business customers, institutional clients, communities of peers and offshorers.
On the household side, client depth was achieved by expanding the depth of operations, extending products and services to the industrial chain and the biosphere of strategic client core enterprises, and providing clients with a value chain-wide integrated service programme. 235 strategic clients were recruited at the headline level by the first half of 2018, an increase of 69 as compared to the end of the previous year, with self-financed deposits
The average daily balance is 536,605 million yuan, an increase of 14.55 per cent from the beginning of the year, representing 19.74 per cent of the average daily balance of corporate deposits, and 8010 strategic clients at the branch level.
In the first half of the year, 227,000 clients of recruitment agencies had an average daily balance of 74,285.2 million yuan in RMB deposits, an increase of 46,418 million yuan compared to the beginning of the year, representing 27.33 per cent of the average daily balance of corporate deposits.
Through public-private linkages, such as group cards, bulk pay, and connections within individuals such as wealth management, private banks, network banks, etc., the cost of acquiring customers is reduced, followed by the use of gold sunflowers, high-quality services such as private banks, and rich financial products that increase customer stickyness, meet client diversification needs and enhance customer loyalty, thereby attracting high-visibility,
Retention of high net retail customer wealth allocation clearing accounts. It is precisely because of the solid base of recruitment in customer formation that the company’s own deposits have remained stable at over 70% over the long term, at the top of the stock exchange, while the cost of deposits is at the bottom of the industry for the long term, at 1.43% in the first half of 2018, compared to 1.43% in the first half of 2018.
Retail current deposits accounted for 24.08% in the first half of the year and 61.48% in the first half of the year, both indicators of which are at the top of the stock-based banks. Compared to the five major banks, the share of demand deposits is higher than the five major banks, and the share of retail currents is slightly lower than that of agricultural banks.
Thanks to a high-quality customer base and customer stickyness, a vast moat of bailouts built at lower deposit costs. According to the semi-annual report of 2018, the interest-bearing liabilities of the merchant banks have continued to expand to 5.8 trillion yuan, after the top five banks and the boom banks, ranking 7th on the list, while the cost of the interest-bearing liabilities is only 1.9% higher than those of agriculture, construction, engineering, and China.
Four state-owned banks, ranked fifth in the list of listed banks. Over the past two years, as interest rate market liberalization continued and the share of structural deposits under new regulations increased, the cost of corporate debt rose slightly over the same period, but remained at an absolute low level compared to that of the equivalent, suggesting that the cost advantage of corporate liabilities is strong.
Figure 14: The cost of interest-bearing liabilities of merchant banks is at a steady low industry level (%) The cost advantage of the liabilities also allows the latter to focus more on asset quality in their asset-end configuration strategies, as can be seen from the graph, where the rate of return on interest-bearing assets is less favourable than the industry, but the net difference is much higher than the industry average.
According to the mid-2018 report, the rate of return on revenue-earning assets is only 4.32 per cent, which is in the middle of the industry, with a net difference of 2.53 per cent, 5th place in the industry, which is 41 bp above the industry average, and even in 15 years, against a background of five central bank landings and 1.6 percentage points in the industry, the net rate difference has increased by 2.3 percentage points, showing excellent profitability.
It is argued that, on the basis of a high-quality customer base and customer stickyness, companies are expected to continue the net differential advantage of the cost of indebtedness due to a relatively small industry in the context of interest rate marketization. 2.2 Retail advantage: deep-farming high-end customer product chains, creating eco-protected rivers.
Until 2004, the banks of recruiters were still dominated by public business, and then transformed into a lean retail section. By the first half of 2018, the revenue from retail financial operations had amounted to $62.9 billion, an increase of 12.1 per cent over the previous year and a profit contribution of 15.92 per cent over the same period, an increase of 3.52 and 1.19 percentage points over wholesale financial services, respectively, which was the main driving force behind the growth in performance.
Retail operations have a high rate of return, with a low risk spread and poor performance relative to public and private business, which effectively boosts banks’ profitability and reduces credit risk. In the current economic context, where the industry as a whole faces an insufficient demand for public credit and credit risks are continuously exposed, a strong effort to develop retail business becomes an alternative to banking development.
The early growth of the business portfolio, the nurturing of a group of high-quality retail customers, and the continuous retailing of customers from the public strategic sector have kept the overall retail business moving faster and better. The share of retail loans by companies began to outpace that of corporate loans in 2016, reaching 48.24% by the first half of 2018, keeping it at the forefront of the industry.
By the end of the first half of 2018, the number of retail customers in merchant banks had reached 116 million, an increase of 9.09 per cent from the end of the previous year; managing the balance of total retail customers' assets (aum) was $6.6 trillion, an increase of 7.60 per cent from the end of the previous year.
The number of clients of private banks (retail customers with an average of $10 million and above per day) and the management of total assets (aum) have risen year after year, with households aum well above other banks, with a long-term stability in the share of aum and alum and alum above in retail customers at more than 70 per cent, private banks at over 30 per cent and a strategic customer base of good quality and low cost.
In retail business, the credit card business has been a branding business for the merchant banks, relying on the rapid expansion of the credit card business, one cartoon, and the launch of China’s first online banking network in September 1999 as the first bank to start online banking throughout the country. The introduction of the credit card campaign in 2002 resulted in a credit card integration and specialization service.
This year, the amount of credit card transactions was 1.82 trillion, far above other banks, ranked first in the industry, as well as the number of new issuances, which amounted to 1,421,000, with a corresponding increase of 121.34 per cent, with a cumulative issuance of 114 million, after the industrial and construction banks were located in the third place.
With the branding and scale effects of retailing, the marketing of products in intermediate business is also becoming more diversified, with a rising share of non-interest income. In the first three quarters of 2018, the share of non-interest income in recruitment reached 37.32 per cent, an increase of 2.13 percentage points, ranking sixth among listed banks.
In recent years, under the direction of financial deleveraging policies, commercial banks have continued to contract the impact of new regulations governing the size of their external finances, which has led to a downward trend in the handling of property hosting charges in the industry. At the same time, the collection of surcharges representing insurance, trust products, etc., has also been subject to changes in industry policies, increased marketing pressures, and more difficulty in collecting overall inter-bank transactions.
So, after the middle harvest of 2017, it is now in a period of recovery, and the scale of the property currently recruited in the first half of 2018 is already at a low level, with little room for a reduction. The corresponding trust and commission revenue is less than three percent of the non-interest income, with limited impact on the rate of increase in commission charges.
Based on historical public data disclosure, we forecast the fees and commission revenues of merchant banks in 2019. Using assumptions about the increase in almost equal prices in the first half of 2018, it is projected that fees and commissions at the end of 2018 will be increased at about the same rate as in the second half of the year.
2.3 Qualitative Strengths: Focus on asset restructuring, building wind-control moats Banks focus on optimizing the portfolio of risk in credit risk management, adhering to the “four-fold” principle of high-quality industries, high-quality regions, high-quality projects and high-quality clients, reflecting the economic context of increased pressure at the lower end of the macroeconomic cycle
On the one hand, recruitment favours strategic clients at the head office, branch and branch levels in terms of lending resources; on the other hand, it actively taps into high-quality credit resources in new and emerging strategic industries, modern services, advanced manufacturing, cultural industries, and new markets; on the other hand, it creates risk controls in priority areas such as excess-capacity industries, real estate, local government financing platform operations, etc.
Strategies to reduce risk clients with excess output and high liabilities, optimize credit allocation, achieve risk, returns, and costs The distribution of public and non-performing loans across merchant banks, which are mostly concentrated in the three sectors of manufacturing, wholesale and retail trade, and mining.
In the past five years, the share of mining, manufacturing and wholesale retail loans has shown a year-to-year downward trend, with manufacturing falling from 13.43 per cent in 2013 to 2.79 per cent.
Retail lending has generally been lower than public loans, and recruitment has long been based not only on the advantages of lean retailing, but also on a strong promotion of retail lending, optimizing the credit allocation structure, and on a five-year coordinated development of retail credit quality, efficiency and scale through a robust expansion of low-performing mortgage and credit card lending at the retail end.
Thus, there has been a marked contraction in the size of the low-performing micro-credit ratio, other loans have been steadily developing, and the share of individual housing and credit card loans has continued to expand, reaching 22.52 per cent and 13.21 per cent, respectively. The optimal adjustment of the loan structure has had a significant impact on the quality of credit acquisition assets.
The balance of non-performing bank loans was 56,247 million yuan, down 1,146 million yuan from the end of the previous year: the rate of non-performing loans was 1.42 per cent, it was 0.19 percentage points lower than at the end of the previous year, achieving a “double drop” in the balance of non-performing loans and a negative rate; and the non-performing loan provision coverage was 325.98 per cent, an increase of 63.87 percentage points from the end of the previous year, which is higher in the industry.
In the past, the high rate of non-performing loans from commercial banks was mainly due to a clear trend of concern, but the low rate of bad banking (concerning + poor) was lower, with the first half of 2018 at the bottom of the industry, with lower potential risks, and the normal category. Loan migration and loan-of-interest migration rates showed a downward trend for almost two years after peaking in 2015.
Thus, as the adverse transformation is completed, the rate of non-performing loans generated by commercial banks has been reduced from 0.92 per cent in the first half of 2018 to 2.34, 1.32 and 0.24 percentage points in 2015-2017, respectively, and the quality of assets is high because of some autonomy in the disclosure of non-performing loans, and the late/undespite ratio can be used to determine whether listed banks are hidden.
In the first half of 2018, there were five equity banks that were overdue/deficiencies of less than one, which were about to be three months overdue, while the hiring bank was the only one that had been overdue for five consecutive years than the share-making bank, which was maintained at less than one level, with stricter recognition of bad assets.
2.4 SCIENCE IN TECHNOLOGY: Focusing on the application of financial science and technology, building a protected city in science and technology The latest development strategy of the Bank of Merchants focuses on financial science and technology thinking, using financial science and technology as a means of “building banks with the best customer experience”, re-engineering operations, processes and management, and promoting financial science and technology banking in all its aspects.
The second half of the “light banking” transition provides a dynamic “nuclear power.” At the retail financial business end, recruitment focuses on building the best customer experience. First, a shift in business model from card to app. In recent years, recruitment has focused on the core of the client experience by strengthening the application.
Second, to build a multi-dimensional service system on-line and below-line. On the one hand, the recruitment process continues to adhere to the “mobile priority” development strategy, with mobile phones at its centre, financial social and content services at its centre, and the promotion of online synergies, exploring client clustering business models. On the other hand, the company actively explores the digital transformation of the web site and conducts the “network + app+ scene” business.
To digitize the entire process of customer recognition, service, referral, marketing, evaluation, etc., network management, to connect to the line-up-down, bridging breakpoints, and to provide customers with services that are integrated on-line. Finally, to enhance service intelligence. In terms of trade intelligence, recruitment has developed a smart investment platform, the “Moron Intelligence Investment”, which has accumulated sales in the first half of 2018.
The call for the "Moron Import" is a service product of a global portfolio of smart funds based on a public fund. Unlike other smart investment platforms, the Moorian Imposition has gone beyond the risk assessment process, and users have chosen their own risk preferences.
The risk class is set at 10 levels, with short-term (0-1 years) depending on the number of years invested, and only the fund. The selection is made after taking into account criteria such as the Fund’s performance over the past few years, ratings, size and history of the fund.
Molecular Illustrative Illustrative Illustrative Illustrated Fund Portfolio, based on real-time monitoring based on market conditions, takes into account the fact that bank finance is a high-risk, high-income investment product that allows investors to freely choose the level of risk and has a market in the face of investors who are less than risk-oriented.
On the wholesale financial front, the recruitment focus is on accelerating the transition to an Internet model for customer service systems. First, the wholesale financial tradition of customer service is up-to-date.
Industrial eco-extension. Through the Innovative Corporate Financial Line Up-to-Line Integrated Services model, which covers five broad categories of 12 business varieties, such as finance, third-party finance, financial markets, cash management, asset sales, etc., the newly developed win-win mobile app2.0 is operational, covering multiple client scenarios such as research on financial markets, business marketing, product promotion, etc., in the first half of 2018.
Finally, back-office support services in wholesale finance are being “intellectualized”.
To achieve early warning, the average advance warning time for late clients is more than 12 months.
For future corporate growth, we make the following assumptions: (1) Corporate deposits will continue to grow at a steady rate over the next three years, robust growth, low debt costs can support further expansion of lending, assuming firm lending increases over the next three years are robust and low, and while subject to regulatory policy, interest rates on MSMEs are limited, corporate operations are strategic clients
On the basis of these assumptions, we believe that the retail advantage of merchant banks is clear, and that, against the backdrop of the current downward pressure of the macroeconomic cycle, the focus on retailing is expected to be more countercyclical. At the same time, based on the advantages of corporate indebtedness, retail advantage, quality advantage, and technological advantage, companies build a relatively broad moat in the midst of intense market competition.
For the valuation of a merchant bank, we believe that it should be based on a comparison of other domestic stock-based commercial banks, and even on historical levels. In a stock-based commercial bank, the first bank to be in the pre-retail transition, the valuation level has moved into an independent growth zone. Even compared to its own valuation level, the current 1.3-fold valuation level has gone back to historical levels.
To the middle level. Given that the current performance of the merchant banks has remained robust, that the rates of revenue and profit growth have risen at a moderate rate, that the differences between the roe and the net interest have been remarkable and that the asset quality is relatively high, we believe that the reasonable valuation level for the year 2019 should be 1.3 times pb, figure 46: the ranking of the valuation of the listed commercial banks pb.
Figure 47: Level of historical valuation of merchant banks, we use three-phased ddm valuations for the next three years as a short term, the next 10 years as a transitional growth period, then assuming that the number of multiple interests in the transitional growth period is 11.5 times and the number of multiple interests in the permanent period is 11 times.
Table 4: Valuation parameters of the ddm model
Stricter regulation or downward pressure on industry valuations; lower economic cycles or deterioration of the quality of corporate assets; higher cost of deposits or narrow space for corporate interest differentials; and Nose will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.