Basic Chemical Group Carkering products are subject to relative pressure, and the industry continues to improve. Charcoal profits are still under pressure, and coal production expands to reduce the pressure on coke.
1. In-depth study by Bo Fong Energy: Core issues recoupling: Cost advantages + receiving the impact of coke operations, corporate overall performance relative to pressure, coke second quarter growth space, 2023.7.15
1.79 million to 1.84 million tons of production and basic capacity to run at full capacity, although the maximum is 2. " Bo Fong Energy Company takes stock: Basics are warming up, and performance is expected to reduce the impact of fixed depreciation by season, but the industry is under clear pressure, with coke being sold in the second quarter. "
2023.4.21 Sale price ring down 23%, lower end downstream real estate and infrastructure recovery relatively slow, #3. Treasure with Energy: Cost advantages highlighted, epidemic mitigation is repaired
Additional production capacity in the industry is difficult to absorb efficiently, and the supply is abundant and leads to a single line of coal-carat prices. 2023.3.10 The gap is significantly narrowed, the industry is in a state of loss, and the company uses the differentiated layout and itself.
Coal rises from its own supply to reduce the pressure on coke to higher levels of profitability than industry. With the slow recovery of end demand, the company’s cost advantage is further highlighted, and the profitability of the hydrocarbon business continues to improve.
The price of raw coal has been adjusted, the coal process has returned to normal, and downstream, on the other hand, needs to be repaired gradually, and the industry price differential has improved to a certain extent. The company, as a significant producer, has achieved a significant improvement in the net profit of a single ton of bronze.
The sales of hydrocarbons were about 300,000 tons, with a decline in the ring comparison, but with the gradual introduction of the Ningxia 3 phase of the company's production in the second half of the year, there was a further improvement in the company's hydrocarbon business, leading to an improvement in overall performance.
The new project is gradually entering production, and the product variety is further enriched. While the company optimizes its production capacity at cost, it enriches its product variety. The 200,000 tonnes/year phenylacetene project was launched in early August to test and produce a qualified product, Ningdong Tri-Date.
Project polyolefin units are already in trial production. 250,000 tonnes of capacity will be in production stage in the second half of the year.
The platform base is further built on growth. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating High volatility in raw material prices; increased industry competition; and lower downstream demand than expected risk.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market