High-oil coal has a significant advantage over the cost, and the first round of growth in the interior has a high investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the night of 25 August 2023, Bo Fung Energy Publisher's semi-annual 2023 report, first half of the year.
Coal and coke prices have fallen. Charcoal plates are under pressure. Better profits from coal-based hydrocarbons. The fall in the profit ring in the first half of the year was mainly due to a sharp reduction in the price spread of coke due to falling demand.
The base price of asphalt/mtbe has remained stable at the base of the second quarter (excluding taxes), while the price of coke has fallen significantly in the second quarter, mainly due to lower demand for steel due to lower than expected demand for real estate, continued weak steel prices and poor profitability of steel plants.
According to our tracking of market prices, the main product has significantly improved the profitability of the coal-based carat - fine coal/ polyethylene (hdpe) - ethylene/lldpe - ethylene/polypropene - acetylene/ethylene/propene-methanol/methanol-coal rings.
In terms of volume, based on the company ' s disclosed business data, the production/distribution of coke increased by 1879/2638,000 tonnes from the first quarter, and the production/distribution of polyolefins decreased by 4.05/635,000 tonnes from the first quarter. The rest of the production of the products remained almost equal.
From the end of 2022 to the first quarter of 2023, as a result of the impact of coal shocks and low demand, the cost of raw coal has declined significantly, with the loss of coke plates, but with the recent steady recovery in coal coke prices, the profitability has recovered, while coal-based nuclei have a significant cost advantage in the case of high oil and coal.
In terms of cost control, corporate sales costs increased by 0.08 pct over the ring in the second quarter, management costs increased by 0.32 pct over the ring, financial costs decreased by 0.40 pct over the ring
3. Inner Mongolia ICE was passed, growth will be on the ground on a gestational basis, with a long-term growth of 4 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project in Inner Mongolia received by the Ministry of Eco-Environmental Environment on 23 November 2022
With regard to the approval of a three million-ton project report, the first phase of the project is on the way, and the second phase of the intra-Mongolian project is a guarantee of company long-term growth. The project uses a combination of green hydrogen and modern coal industry, with a total production capacity of 3 million tonnes/year, which is the current global single plant size.
The largest coal-based acetylene is also the only global project to replace fossil-fuel production with green hydrogen on a scale that significantly reduces the consumption of new acetylene monocarbons compared to the original project. Second, the Inner Mongolia project is based on the near-coal-rich Inner Mongolia region, which significantly reduces the transportation costs of raw materials.
The project was completed in only 18 months and is expected to be completed in the second half of 2024. The total capacity of the energy-rich energy-foam production will be significantly increased to 5.2 million tonnes/year, with long-term growth determined. At the same time, an additional 400,000 tonnes will be replaced with green hydrogen.
As the industry’s pioneers are leading the industry out of a green, carbon-deducing path, we believe that companies will also be able to balance carbon reduction and scale expansion. We believe that the company’s size advantages and cost-controls are ahead of the entire industry, and the profits are far higher than the market.
The first phase of the Ningxia project will significantly increase the company’s competitiveness and the scope for future growth.
(b) Use information that is legally compliant, is produced independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.