Charcoal's weakly dragging q2 performance, interior project support, energy resources (600989.sh)
The same-year decline of 9.1 per cent; the net return to the mother is 2.26 billion yuan, a decrease of 43.8 per cent.
The company performed poorly. On a quarterly basis, q2 achieved a significant decline in the price of polyethylene, polypropylene, and coal used as feedstock for the company's acetylene, and a marked improvement in the Maori space for coal-based acetylene.
q3 is a high-season period for domestic membrane consumption, domestic macro-growth policies are intensive, high international oil prices are combined, polyolefin costs are strongly supported, and the price of polyolefins continues to improve, and the price of coke is steadily declining.
In the first half of the year, the company increased coal production capacity by 1 million tonnes/year, of which 400,000 tonnes/to 4 million tonnes/year were added to the coal production capacity of Marlene Station.
After the increase, the company’s three coal producers produced 8.2 million tons of coal per year, while its coal producers built 900,000 tons per year, and its coal mine combined 9.1 million tons per year, steadily increasing the company’s self-sufficiency of raw materials. On the other hand, corporateization
[Galactic Chemical] Company evaluates the bouncing energy resources _ net profits in 2021. First, the 200,000 tonnes/year styrene project was commissioned and produced in early August. Second, the Ningdong Tri-Cylinyl Hydrocarbon project (except for the eva installation) was completed.
[Galactic Chemical] company to evaluate the chemical industry's precious energy sources (600989.sh) _ short-term pressure on 21q3 performance, lower coal prices.
Ethylene devices, 500,000 tonnes/year polypropylene devices have been put into trial production; 250,000 tonnes/year eva installation [Galactic Chemical] company spot evaluation - Chemical industry - Treasure energy is expected to be completed by the end of October.
Actively promote the construction of the Inner Mon Project, which will continue to consolidate the position of the coal-based dragonheads with the full capital of the company, the Galactic Chemical Industry, the chemical industry, the Bountain energy sector (600989.sh) increased their net profit by 21.6 per cent in 2020.
Mobutu is planning to invest in the construction of “2.6 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons and accompanying 400,000 tonnes/year implantation for good future high growth _ 20210311 Green Hydrogen Coupled Hydrofin Project (phase I)”. The project includes 3 x 2.2 million tonnes/year of methanol, 3 x
The cost of the industry chain of the chemical industry [Galactic Chemical] is one million tonnes/year methanol, 3 x 500,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, 3 x 550,000 tonnes/year polyethylene competition for new patterns, scale expansion support over cycles.
In March of this year, construction began. The project was completed after delivery, with Ningdong Tributylene (Gyber Chemical) reporting in depth on the chemical industry's wealth of energy and hydrocarbons project, and the company's total production capacity will increase significantly to 5.2 million tonnes/year.
(600989.sh) “Black Gold” casts a “White Horse” in the right time to dig gold in order to inject new growth dynamics into the company, while continuing to consolidate the company's position as a coal-based node, the Galaxy Securities Institute, which is mainly engaged in chemical industry research.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.