The corporate coal production was almost flat in 2019, with four quarters showing brightness, and there was still room for improvement in 2020. The company ' s equity coal production in 2019 was 94,469,000 tons, with \triangleright.
This represents a decrease of 632,000 tons (-0.66 per cent), of which 2,594,000 tons of coal were produced simultaneously in the company ' s main production areas in the fourth quarter, representing an increase of 971,000 tons (4.03 per cent) and 2,71 million tons (12.11 per cent) in the ring. In 2020, the company ' s s schilling coal mine at its base is expected to enter the legal production cycle, with the prospect of obtaining relevant certificates, with overall capacity utilization still increasing space, company coal production or rising steadily.
Three Quarterly Review of the Suzhou Coal Industry (600188): Three Quarterly Coal Owners under pressure, Extended Production and Subsistence Support Company for Steady Distances. 2019.10.28 Report Review of the Suzhou Coal Industry (600188): Over-expected growth in performance
High score distribution: 2018.09.02. "Accordingly outperformed the city's expectations in the coal industry (60018.8.sh). "2019.02.26.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. produces a slight decrease in the annual average value of its own coal, which is significantly lower than that of market coal, while its profits in tons remain high and its performance is on the rise.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of Crash Street in Beijing City West Side, at an average cost of $524.92 per ton, 17.1 per ton (-3.16 per cent) less than the same year, a decrease significantly lower than the market price of coal (9.23 per cent lower annual average price of Qin port q5,500 power coal, New York).
With the implementation of the company’s smart marketing strategy (accurate coal, market and custom), the company coal sales industry (stulum coal mine) has decreased due to higher production costs, and the profits from coal have improved significantly, with an increase of $72.76 to $41.57 per ton and a Māori rate of 13.83 per cent in 2020, and there is still room for improving profitability as production increases further.
The company’s operating efficiency has increased, interest-bearing liabilities have declined significantly, and cash flows are abundant. While the company’s gross operating income and the growth of its main coal and methanol business have been accompanied by growth in the company’s revenue base, the company’s growth in the production of its main coal and methanol operations has been accompanied by pressure to cut down on the price of methanol.
In 2019, the total cost of the company's period fell by 12.978 billion yuan, compared with 2,341 million yuan (15.28 per cent), a 6.47 per cent rate for the period and a 2.28-31.46 per cent reduction in the debt rate, resulting in a drop in financial costs of 856 million yuan to 2,537 million yuan and a significant reduction in the cost of integrated financing. In the face of the complex economic situation, the company raised the requirement of deployment around “focus on masters, stock optimization, incremental lifts, cross-development” to ensure economic efficiency and transport in 2020.
At the same time, there is a steady decline in quality and steady growth. At the same time, the coal and methanol primary deposits are now completed, operating cash flows are further positive, capital expenditures are down, interest-bearing liabilities are at a lower level, and the company’s cash flows are likely to improve further.
This compares with selling 100% of its affiliated shares in the international trade in salami coal and Steam Coal International (Singapore) to Hong Kong’s fully-owned affiliate, Aluminum. And the company and its major shareholders have moved the financial plate out of the main business block, which will no longer be an incremental layout in the future, while increasing the focus of the public sector through initiatives such as increasing the use of the Moraben coal mine.
The share price catalysts: the process of trenches was successfully processed, the use of coal from the thong base increased gradually, the efficiency gains from the second phase of methanol fell, and the coal mine became operational. Risk factors: the economic slowdown affected by the epidemic, and the continued decline in international oil prices, the risk of a safe production, and the failure to produce as expected.
He is a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) and of the China Sindha Business Audit Advisory Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy projects. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on the coal sector since 2019.
Zhang Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering School, University of Mines of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.