Weir shares (603501) Electronics performed better than expected, and car law accelerated growth at the Southwest Securities Institute
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2025, in which it achieved operating income of $6.47 billion, an increase of 14.7 per cent over the same period; The net return to the mother was 870 million yuan, an increase of 55.3 per cent over the same period; The product structure continued to be optimized and the level of profitability increased further.
Revenue grew by 14.7 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the continued import and release of high-end cellular cis products, motor intelligence and accelerated growth in car cis operations. (2) At the profit end, net profit from the company increased by 55.3 per cent on the same basis, mainly because of the continued optimization of the company ' s product structure and efficiency gains in the supply chain consolidation.
Lulu; company Māori continues to improve, with a Māori rate of about 31.0 per cent, an increase of 3.1 pp over the same period; net interest rate is about  the continued optimization of the mobile cis business structure, which leads to an upswing in the volume of car cis business. For mobile phone cis, companies continue to produce high-scaling pixel product rotations and drive product and supply chain structure optimization.
The company recently released 50 million pixels, 1 inch optical formats, and a new product ov50x with a pixel size of 1.6 μm, which is now in production and is expected to produce 25 q3. For automobiles, smart driving has sunk faster since 2024, and domestic car manufacturers have accelerated the L2+ level.
The smart driving program penetrates low- and medium-priced cars. The smart driver has a higher demand for lfm, hdr, and resolution.
• Tactiles show a return to business heat, and car simulations contribute to a new growth point. In 2024, because of product price pressure, companies experienced a 16.8% growth in business sales compared to the same increase, but sales revenue slipped. Companies actively promoted innovation and upgrades in oledddic, vehicle-based product-driven research and development, and launched more.
In addition, the company continues to push the layout of vehicle-car-car-car-car-simulating chip products, and multiple products, such as Canlin, serdes, pmic, sbc, are fast-tracked for validation and import. As vehicle-car-simulating products evolve, they are released.
New growth points will contribute to the growth of simulated solutions; less than expected risks will be released; new products will not advance as much as expected; 1 leading domestic cis firms will continue to optimize the product structure.
The company was established in 2007 and successfully placed on the market in 2017. The company is a chip-design firm for the Fabless, which deals mainly with chip-setting operations, and is mainly engaged in the development and design of semiconductor products such as semiconductor separation devices and power management, i.e. semiconductor products, as well as the distribution of structural devices, splits, i.e. semiconductor products.
Acquisition consolidation, in-house establishment, and growing product lines: in 2013, companies acquired Hwa Qing and Beijing Kyeong-shik in order to further expand their distribution operations; in 2014, companies acquired Beijing Tai and Shih and marched into the Soc chip area; in 2015, companies acquired no tin-medium-clampoo and established a Shanghai Wai-chung to expand into the radio-frequency chip area; in 2016, companies established Shanghai Rock and Shanghai.
In 2019, the company acquired Howe and Spico, and successfully distributed the area of the science: in 2020, the company acquired the Asia tddi business of neotech, and in the same year, the acquisition of the PV from the core successfully entered the dynamic visual chart 1: the company's main development journey
Corporate semiconductor design operations consist mainly of three panels of image sensor solutions, display solutions and simulation solutions, and products are widely used in consumer electronics and industrial applications, including smartphones, auto electronics, security surveillance, tablet computers, laptop computers, medical imaging, xr, machine vision, etc.
1) Image Sensor Solution Business: In the case of mobile phones, companies continue to launch high-level pixels of different pixel sizes, such as ov50h, ov50e, and ov02e. In the case of automobiles, companies cover adas, accelerators with advanced compact carcis solutions.
In-house controls, electronic rear-view mirrors, dashboard cameras, rear-view and panoramic images, technology developed by the company, such as the hale combination algorithms, the separation of pixelslfm techniques and four-way capture, can provide a higher-quality picture of vehicle-borne applications, like solutions. The company has nearly 20 years of valuable experience in the automobile industry, a well-developed vehicle-level certification system, and its vehicle-level standards.
Product matrices are expected to continue to be high-end and enriched. 2) Show solution business: companies show solutions covering multiple products such as lcd-tddi, oleddddic, ted, etc. The solutions are now mainly applied in the smartphone market.
The panel manufacturer worked closely to develop and continue to innovate the oleddddic product for smartphones; in the middle-foot screen display drive chip area, the company introduced a new ted chip to provide clients with a lower-power, narrower backboard, lower-carbon emission, and more cost-effective laptop screen drive, while the company was also increasing its vehicle load to show drivers.
3) Simulation solutions: The company’s simulation solution consists mainly of simulations of ic and separation devices. The current power-ic product mix covers a variety of applications of consumer electronics and object networking, helping to manage battery chargers, dc-dc conversions, electrical compressions, etc.
The company’s power drive vehicle uses the layout of analog chip products to facilitate the import of multiple products such as can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc. The company’s equity concentration, with the top 10 shareholders mostly institution-based.
In the overall equity structure, the top ten shareholders of the company are institutions, with the exception of the top ten. The company’s equity structure is relatively centralized and stable, contributing to the company’s continuity.
Business income as a whole is growing steadily and profits are being repaired. Reviewing the company's past performance: 1) The collection end: The annual net return profits of the company increased across the board from 120 million yuan to 4.48 billion yuan, and the period was about 84 per cent; In the first quarter of 2025, the company's main business continued to develop well, with revenues of 6,472 million yuan.
Compared to 14.7%, the net profit on the realization of the parent is 870 million yuan, an increase of 55.3% over the same period. The company’s main business is semiconductor design, semiconductor distribution. The semiconductor design business includes three plates: image sensor solution, display solution, and simulation solution. In terms of collection structure, 2024
Annual corporate semiconductor design operations generated revenue of $21.64 billion, an increase of 20.6 per cent, or approximately 84.3 per cent, and semiconductor sales operations generated revenue of approximately $3.94 billion, an increase of 32.6 per cent, or 15.3 per cent, in semiconductor designs.
About 74.8 per cent; showing that the solution business achieved revenues of $1.03 billion, a 17.8 per cent decline in the same year, accounting for about 4.0 per cent of the revenue generated; Industry revenue grew at a significant rate of 26 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, and these two downstream applications contributed over 80 per cent of the revenue generated by the corporate image sensor industry.
In 2025, the company ' s car ciss is expected to grow at a high rate, and the revenue ratio is expected to increase. Cost-control effects are evident and profitability levels are rising.) In 2024, the company ' s Māori ratio was around
Corporate cost ends continue to have better control effects, with sales rates of 2.0 per cent, a decrease of about 0.3 pp over the same period; management costs of 2.7 per cent, a decrease of 0.35 pp over the same year; and research and development costs of 10.1 per cent, a decrease of about 1 pp over the same period.
The company ' s car cis orders are growing at a rate of more than 30% a year. We assume that high-end cell phone cis products account for more than 70% of cell phone cis, and that car cis revenues account for the business block as the high-level car cis product accelerates the release of car ciss, assuming 2: show solution business. In 2024, the company showed a 16.8% increase in the sales of solution business on the same basis, the city.
The share of the field has risen steadily, but the price of the product is short-lived. As the product of the company has been upgraded over time, the product matrix and structure has been optimized, the scenario 3: Simulation Solutions Business. The company has been working with downstream customers, and the market share has risen steadily. The company continues to push forward the product layout of the car simulation chip, promoting multiple products such as can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc.
In 2024, the company’s cars used analogue ic as a new growth point for simulating solutions, continued roll-out of high-end products from mobile phones and carciss, optimized product structure leading to a recovery in Māori rates, sub-covering, and a “buy-in” rating.
Downstream demand falls short of expectations; industry competition has increased, high-end cellular and car ciss are less dangerous than expected; and new products are less likely to move forward than expected. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, or for not having done so, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.