In-depth study on the development of the "Cloud Ideal" technology as an enabler, innovation-driven growth 10/01 2020 Wave Information (000977.sz)
The development of cloud computing, in close cooperation with the giants, has profoundly changed the competitive pattern of the server industry and weakened the voice of brand companies. Facebook and Bat will form open computing communities in 2011.
Server technology has been standardized, lowering the access threshold for the server industry, and the white-plate vendor has emerged. At the time of change, the company has seized on opportunities, worked with the giants in depth, developed jointly, and the innovative jdm model has allowed it to expand in the cloud-server age.
Models are better than white cards. We expect that the cloud server operation will continue to grow at a high rate in the future as three quarters of the cloud calculates the giant and capital spending warms back.
Artificial intelligence development leads to a particular numeric blue sea market. The one with deep learning at its core needs a lot of computing to train the neurological network, which triggers a change in the computing structure at the bottom of the corresponding server. The company now outperforms the domestic i-server market.
Companies are qualified for portfolio investment consulting, China's arithmetic markets are growing at a combined rate of over 40% a year, and non-Internet applications such as government, finance and others are expected to become potential increases.
Wave information (000977.sz) compared to depth of 300, is an absolute leader who will benefit from the industry’s growth dividend and achieve rapid growth. 5g construction brings with it the need to calculate the edges, and companies pre-dispose the industry’s frontline services.
The construction of the first ot11 server in the industry accelerated in 2020, adding new impetus to the growth of corporate performance. Research and development fell short of expectations, competition increased in the one server area, and the risk of a decline in the Māori rate.
i. Domestic server leader, fast-growing close to technology development path,1 IT development drives changes in the server industry where manufacturers mainly procure core parts upstream and then base them on downstream demand
The server industry chain: high concentration of upstream core parts and components. The server industry has three main core parts: the calculation module.
(cpu/gpu), RAM, hard disks, basically account for about 80% of server costs, and the market is dominated by US-Japanese companies, with the top three major manufacturers of spare parts accounting for more than 95%. With the advance of the technology called "Cloud Change" , the technology giants gradually dominate the downstream market.
With the rapid growth of cloud computing abroad in the Amazon, Google, and the domestic development of Ali and Ten, servers have been synchronized. Cloud computing began to evolve rapidly in 2012.
In 2016, Alphago launched the third wave of the ai, which created a demand for servers for new computing structures. By 2020, 5g opened the marginal calculation of the blue sea market, and the server will be fully added to the market due to a very different housing environment.
Technology-driven growth, technology and innovation promote product rotation and increase markets. Two major increases in global server output since then correspond to emerging technology eruptions. Technically, technological developments such as clouds, ai, and so on, not only lead to an incremental market for the respective servers, but also make it possible to transmit them.
We believe that every information technology innovation has led to an increase in the overall demand for the server industry, which in 2020 will be 5g, high-speed material networking, and the server industry will reach the third-largest market (marginal servers) when clouds, ai, and the edges.
With a resonance of traditional server demand, the server industry is expected to enter another high-growth phase.2 To accurately capture emerging technological trends, the jdm model is deeply tied to the technology giant, the jdm model refers to joint development, computational ecology, and demand-driven manufacturing.
In-depth strategic partnerships with downstream clients, including bats, to build mutual advantage, to develop and to customize in depth. The combination of computational ecological integration and diversity needs from the jdm model meets the needs of clients for large-scale custom delivery.
The manufacturing plant was selected by gartner as an example of China’s intelligent manufacturing case, integrating all the core technologies of “China manufactures 2025” and increasing production efficiency by 30%. With the support of deep collaborations with giants and efficient intelligence, 100%, 50%, and about 30% of the servers are used by 100%, Ali, and tweaks, respectively.
Corporate supply. It is a comprehensive strategic partnership with the emerging technology giants that allows companies to grow in the midst of emerging technological changes in the server industry. The company is the leader of the domestic server industry, with a well-developed product system.
According to the report, the company is the third largest server manufacturer in the world, except for Dale and Herpe, with the company’s market share being the highest in the country, with the main followers being Hua (a global q3 delivery of 5.1% in 19) and association (6.6%). The company has a well-developed server product system, with large cloud data.
Large-scale applications have specialized server products. By server type, 18-19 years of company revenue gartner, idc data and corporate financial data are measured.
While the Māori ratio, influenced by customized business models and corporate “scale-priority” strategies, has shown a downward trend over the years, it has now stabilized, while increasing operational efficiency will effectively hedge profits as corporate smart manufacturing production lines become permeable (an investment of $1.5 billion in October 19 to build new smart manufacturing bases).
On the other hand, as corporate R & D investment continues to grow, it is expected that the future will continue to grow, downstream customers will diversify, technological barriers will be built on a customized business model, and opportunities for integrated, cloud-centered development will be built up with the growth of technology giants.
In the traditional business model, brand manufacturers take ownership of the industry. Due to the lack of IT autonomy among downstream customers, brand manufacturers (e.g. Dale, Hewlett-Packard, etc.) develop industry standards, develop and design server structures.
During the years, after many years of technological exploration, the process of landing applications and high-speed development began. Cloud computing broke the tradition of integrated applications of virtualization, grids, distribution, parallel technologies.
It is a soft and hard-integrated model, and this change has also brought about changes in the server industry. According to data on revenues from the central and south cloud service giants, cloud computing started with high-speed growth around 2012-2014, cloud computing giants created open-source computing ecology, and server industry changes started in 2011.
The launch of the Ocp (opencompoteproject, Open Calculator) and the launch by the Bat of the Triangular Scorpion Alliance (subsequently joined the China IBC, China Mobile, and China Telecom to set up an odcc) to serve the emerging industry. In 2016, the Microsoft flag led by the United Kingdom launched the opening 19 to target traditional customers, trying to make a difference.
As cloud computing evolves, giants are no longer satisfied with standard products provided by server manufacturers, and demand for customization has been raised. Open communities have emerged to harmonize and open up technical standards, the earth has lowered access to the server industry, and white brand manufacturers have risen.
New customers have a certain amount of IT autonomy, and brand manufacturers have a weaker value. Cloud computing technology structures (false, distributed computing, etc.) reduce single-body server performance requirements, favour a network of servers with lower price and technology requirements. At the same time, new customers have an int properties and become more personal about management software.
As a result, the work of traditional brand manufacturers has been redistributed, the value of the year’s global server industry’s quarterly output data has peaked in 2012 for hpe, Dale, ibm/associated brands, and other vendors are starting to grow rapidly, mainly from cloud servers.
According to gartner, cloud servers contributed about 50% of the market’s incremental revenues in the first and second quarters of 18 years, and the white-plate vendor’s share of shipments increased significantly in the second quarter of 16-19. “Tracking the clouds straight” will continue to drive growth.
In the face of change, companies are very different from overseas server giants. In the age of traditional servers, brand companies like Dale and hpe have major voice rights, and technical standardization and openness mean less voice.
In contrast to the overseas giants, the tides were open, accepting 100 orders as early as 2009 and introducing customised servers. In 2012, the first-service scorpion (now odcc) standard spr server series was launched. 14-15, in technology.
In the larger trend of change, the advantage of low energy consumption and high convergence on cloud servers led Microsoft and Google to add to the ocp, opening up their own technical standards. In this trend, Cisco and hpe could not help adding to the ocp over the same period.
Don't join the ocp and open 19 as the only brander of services in the world that joins the three open communities, and the client base is further expanded.
Industrial change is controlled by the fact that companies have been the third largest servers in the world since 18, except for Dale and Hpe, and have outpaced China, and want to be the country’s number one. In terms of the volume growth rate, companies have continued to outpace the overall market growth rate and achieved a reverse growth in 19 years in the overall negative growth of the industry.
The company has become the world’s largest cloud server, with large capital spending rebounding, and the cloud server is expected to reach its peak again in 2020. According to sales data released by gartner in the first and second quarters of 18 years, cloud servers account for about 60% of current company revenue, and market ownership is around 20%.
The cloud calculates giant capital spending and corporate income-enhancing instruments, and the annual cloud server market is expected to return to its high growth stage. Thirdly, in the age of artificial intelligence, specific arithmetic needs become the new blue sea of the market.
One, one, one, has a lot of room for computing, and in the next five years, we're going to need more than 40% or more of the complex growth in the market of our own servers, and we're going to need a high degree of double-counting for training neurological networks, and there's a change in the base computing structure. As training neural networks requires a large and repetitive matrix operation, using a fully-fledged cpu control module to train neural networks is:
At the same time, the underlying computing structure has to be changed in order to be full of the arithmetic required by artificial intelligence, due to the fact that Moore's laws are gradually failing, the arithmetic cannot increase exponentially. The initial approach is to replace cpu with a strong parallel computing capacity of gpu, and as the ai develops, there is now a dedicated neural network.
An artificial intelligence is the backbone of future technological innovation, and the ari chip (fpga, asic) is very demanding. The neural network is complex and nodes complex.
The need for dry computing is enormous because of the variety and variety of trainings and performances, so the current wave of in-depth learning-based artificial intelligence and energy is still focused on image and sound applications, which will gradually penetrate industry, home, driving, commerce, and medical care.
The ari numeracy market, including servers, will usher in a new blue sea as a result of the ai. The i industrialization application, where the traditional client is the potential future increase market for the ai server. According to idc, the Internet remained the primary client downstream of the ai server for 18 years, but its share fell for the first time (from 71.6%).
In other sectors, the demand for ai applications has increased significantly, from 7.5% to 15.1% of the government market, while in transport, communications, utilities, etc., the breakthroughs from zero to one have been largely completed. We believe that future ani industrial applications will gradually be extended to all sectors of society.
According to idc.2018, China’s artificial intelligence infrastructure and chip industry will grow at a rate of more than 40%. China’s artificial intelligence is expected to grow by 2021.
Hardware delivery will continue to account for more than 50% of the world, of which over 85% is a server. In China, i-server sales totalled $1,318 million in 2018, and by 2023, idc projected the size of artificial intelligence hardware to be $8.3 billion, and if 85% is a server, conservative estimates of i-server returns in 18-23 years.
2. The company has become the absolute leader of the Chinese ai server, with over 50% of the city’s share following the path of technological development and the ecological integrity of the ai product. Since 16 years of the aiphago event, the third wave of human intelligence has come. The company has followed the technology trend.
Twenty billion times a second, the overall performance is multiplied by the same type of product as before. Through continuous technological overlaps, the company has now developed a product system consisting of server, management software, framework optimization and application acceleration, with systems for gpu surveillance, sample data pre-processing, data parallel processing architecture optimization, etc.
Figure35 one-end solution
Neuronet Model Algorithm
open-source depth learning framework
In-depth learning management platform
Calculating/recovering/communication analysis Tasking/gpu dispatch/resource monitoring/record management "Big List Wins!"
Training sample library f10afpgaca "This is Oh Yinzu."
== sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_man
“Retinal Disorders” 2u2 kt2u4 kt 16 kgpubox
Logic recognition, sample data processing cluster, in-depth learning training gpu cluster
hf Flash storage system. Over 50% of the market is ranked first on the domestic i-server market, while 2-5 municipalities together account for approximately 37.5%. On unit prices, the average cost of the company server is nearly $260 million (current sales/volume sales), 2-5
With an average price of $2-24 million in inter-district customers, more than 90% of the ai servers used by the country ' s three major Internet players came from companies, with 100% of the company ' s share. In our view, the company competes in the domesticai server market in terms of market share, unit price of products, and downstream customers.
Four, fiveg infrastructure will accelerate, and the marginal calculations market in 2020 will be opened, and the marginal computing applications will be rich and the market space will be large. With the arrival of fiveg, it will be high-reliability, low-time, and long-term.
The technological characteristics of the effectiveness will strongly support the development of applications such as virtual reality, physical networking, and industrial Internet, and generate many business patterns. The current deployment model of cloud data centres plus marginal data centres has become an industry consensus that 50% of future data will be processed directly on the edges.
The application landscape is vast and will be developed in combination with technology such as 5g, networking, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and the marginal data centres will be very different from the traditional large data centres in a number of ways, opening up new server requirements. In the peripheral environment, the original servers will no longer be applicable.
The machines are smaller in size, larger in number, more severe in terms of temperature and humidity, and will be left unattended for a long time. At the same time, the peripheral servers will have different tasks than the servers in the large rooms and will need to change in many ways, such as computing performance, storage capacity, etc.
Two open-source communities (odcc, ocp) issue standards for margin calculations, bringing the blue sea market. For margin calculations, open-source communities (ocp and odcc) published in 18-19.
The server architecture of the data center environment. The two community-based technical standards differ, but they vary considerably from the existing servers in terms of machine rack size, computing architecture, and later transportation.
In early 19s, the company, as a core member of two large communities, published server technology architectures for two standards. Of these, ne5260m5 for odcc was also the top industry.
The server, which meets the technical standards of the Otii, is designed to calculate the scenario on the 5g edge of communication. We believe that the company has successfully seized the opportunity under two waves of technological innovation, cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and is expected to capture the new blue sea market in the margin accounting era and accelerate growth.
In 2020, China’s 5-g-based plant will enter the fast track, and the corresponding Otii server will be able to use it in a synchronized manner. From the odcc Society’s drive to the Otii server, it has been through almost two years of technical research and prototypes.
With the development of technical standards, the Association plans to keep pace with the five-g infrastructure in 2020 and achieve scalable applications. We believe that companies have already gained some pre-eminence in this area, and that their performance has given rise to new momentum, and that growth is expected to continue at a high level in the future.
In the third quarter, the global cloud-based mega-capital spending is warming at a rate of 42 per cent over the total capital expenditure round, assuming that capital spending will pick up in the future, and that corporate cloud server revenue in 2020 is expected to be raised simultaneously.ai Servers: it is estimated that the company’s 18-year share of the revenue from the ai server is around 10 per cent.
One is the core technology of the future information technology revolution, and the neurological network needs a great deal of numeracy support, assuming that China ' s 2018-2023 server market will grow at a 40% compound rate and that the company, as a segment of the country ' s market with a 50% peak, should benefit from the industrial dividend. The revenue of a server is expected to increase in 2019-2021.
Marginal servers: 5g infrastructure accelerated in 2020, 0t11 being a dedicated server standard for 5g applications, will be scaled up in 2020. Companies have been able to capture technological trends.
A market. Based on 50% of the data processed in the future “black clouds” each, it is conservatively estimated that in 2020 the marginal server market is expected to reach 5% of the cloud server, based on the company’s revenue from the cloud server for the same period, with reference to the company’s revenue from the i server for 17-18 years ($320 million in 17-18, 660 million in 1818).
Other: other income, including mid-end high-end servers, storage, and other income such as enterprise-critical applications (except for the gradual expansion of server demand, the current status of downstream client-to-cloud concentration is expected Cost rates: with regard to sales rates, as corporate-scale effects become more apparent, match the depth of giants
Impairment of assets: Loss of impairment of the company’s assets is mainly due to stock price decline, with an excess of 48, 36 and 28 times the annual yield ratio. The company is the leading server in the country, working closely with the tech giants, and has a preponderant advantage in the cloud, the ai servers, and the first one in 19 in the business.
In terms of valuation, the company, as a leader in the field, is entitled to a premium, and for the first time, the "Cloud-up" calculation of capital expenditure has fallen short of expectations when compared to similar companies.
Corporate cloud server performance is highly dependent on downstream cloud computing service providers' business needs, and corporate cloud server operations are growing if the capital costs of cloud service providers, including Alibaba, Tents and 100 degrees, are not as high as expected.
> Marginal server technology has not been developed as expected and the current Otii server is not yet on the ground and may have a negative impact on company performance if there are major technical failures in actual applications.
>i increased competition in the area of servers, and companies are now in absolute leadership in the area of servers in the interior of the country, but considering their competition against national and international technology giants, they may be under-represented if the corresponding technology is not well developed. ]
The company’s Māori rate is low, mainly due to high upstream and downstream concentration and weaker bargaining power of server vendors, and will be lost if the company is not competitive in the future in the fields of the ai, the periphery, etc.
From open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s own professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his own research views, and the findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. No part of his remuneration is available, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.