Chinese car (600741.sh)
The company released its three-quarter report for 2020: the company ' s revenue of $38,104 million was higher than the revenue of (i) q3 during the same period, exceeding expectations. The company ' s revenues in the first three quarters amounted to $91,726 million, a contraction from the previous two quarters.
The performance of the q3 quarter has been a steady trend, with revenue and profits ranging from a record percentage point to 11.22 per cent, mainly due to a significant decline in the administrative cost rate. The cost of sales, financial services, and expenditure on research and development costs have remained relatively stable.
(ii) Over the course of the “triple” strategy, the company adheres to the “triple” strategy, continuously improving its business structure and continuously optimizing its resource allocation.
30% of the stock of the long-term car interior system, which will be held by the company when the acquisition is completed, while the company accelerates the transformation of “product intelligence”, “operational digitization” to be upgraded in the area of “product intelligence”, and the smart module released its own design R & D in June 2020.
Technology demonstration platform for whole-product capabilities - longline xim21, long-line companies are working with the public, Audi, BMW, on-board passenger cars, etc. to develop the next generation of smart cabin systems; power-driven systems, capacity-building is gradually being developed, and two new energy vehicles are being completed by the Chinese Automobile Electric System Ltd.
The flat-line power-driven automated production line construction, the steady supply of power-driven electrical products to related new energy vehicles, such as the upper passenger vehicle, the upper-air utility, etc., was followed by the new General Motors Global Automotive Platform (GAVG) project.
Companies are home-grown masters of integrated parts and components, with a clear upward trend in performance. We believe that corporate performance will rise as industries become electric and intelligent, and that downstream high-quality clients will return to growth, and we look forward to the company’s long-term layout, and we move up to a “recommended” rating.
(1) The overall increase in the automobile industry has fallen short of expectations; (2) the company’s orders have fallen short of expectations; and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Joined the Investment Research Department of the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.