The reason for the report is: three-quarterly reviews.
In the first three quarters of 2020, corporate business income was $71,726 million, down the same period, domestic automobiles were sold back and the company's overall performance was positive. On the one hand, the company was a domestic car.
(b) In the context of a gradual improvement in the supply-demand relationship, domestic auto sales continue to warm, and companies ' close-to-the-horizon performance leads to improved performance;
On the other hand, in keeping with the situation with regard to the prevention and control of the epidemic abroad, the company is steadily moving forward with the resumption of overseas operations and the Department is performing well. 2020q3, the company’s operating income was raised by 24.04pt, 14.52pt, and the net profit was increased by 2020q2 and 2019q3, respectively.
q3 Māori rises and profit-end rings improves. At the profit end, the overall performance of the company's production operations and operations is steadily improving, the overall profit margin rises, and the combined cost of the three fees is accounted for in the revenue collection.
On the one hand, companies maintain their third quarter R & D costs at 1.398 billion yuan, an increase of 6.89%. On the other hand, companies carefully study and evaluate the technology.
Industry development, improving the layout of the company's operations and deepening the profile of the industry's priority areas.
The former company’s car interiors, car lighting, light-quantized aluminium, oil tank systems, etc. have developed autonomous R & D capabilities with seven layers of international competitiveness.
The increased layout of emerging areas, such as Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., and the continued optimization of the corporate business structure, coupled with the accumulation of high-quality customers, both within and outside the country, are expected to enhance corporate profitability overall.
At the same time, the company’s business layout has been optimized and its client structure has gradually improved. Despite increased competition in the automobile market, the company is expected to rely on its technical, product, customer, business profile.
>The automobile industry has gone down; industrial policy has been significantly adjusted; and the sales of product-backed models have fallen short of expectations: macroeconomic downs are continuing: the overseas epidemic continues to spread. Industry attitude has led to an independent and objective presentation of the present report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.