Chinese car (600741); meb platform model listed, i.e., electric discharge time-limited, Chinese car
In the first half of next year, China will be listed in the first half of the year. A Chinese car is a supplier of the public and the private-public meb power-driven system.
The company is a supplier of core parts and components of the popular meb platform ' s model and has a high vehicle value. The company combines new energy sources, metal formations and molds, electrical and electronics, functional keys, interior and interior accessories, and heat processing units.
The power system is a power-driven power supply for electric cars, which is equivalent to a transmission tank and engine combustion, and is a major issue for the next three to six months:
The mass meb platform is very productive, the spare parts are more common, and the suppliers are expected to benefit. The mass group is 10,000. From the mass group ' s modularized vehicle experience, we expect the cars to be of their own type.
There is a greater commonality, or similar chassis and body structure, with more common parts. Therefore, large meb platform providers are expected to match most models with a set of designs, avoiding constant design changes, and we predict that the population would sell 150,000 nationalized vehicles in 2021-2022.
The market competitiveness analysis of the meb plant in the new energy vehicle model based on Chinese energy planning and popular brands: (1) Supply end: Upstream mass ambermeb and Volkswagen-Popist Foshan meb, respectively, have planned 300,000 units of annual capacity, which are now in place and capable of climbing up the slopes.
(2) The consumer end: popular brands have a good consumer base in China and have a high level of brand recognition. According to the FMC data, the first two producers in the domestic car market are the one- and the upper-largest, with a city share of 11.0% and 8.3% respectively for the first 11 months of 2020.
(3) Consumer end: The two national-made car models of id.4 have greater internal body space and relatively strong power than the same level of autonomous competition. Their body space and range range are more favourable than those of joint ventures with similar sales prices.
Research assistant: Jang Chi Yung, the source of financial prosperity in the East, according to the Mass Automotive Network, mass groups plan to invest 15 new energy vehicles (bev and phev) in mainland China by 2025.
One and a half million new energy vehicles, with a 35% share of a pure electric vehicle. According to the Wido Magner official network, the power-driven system that the popular meb platform provides to the factory in mainland China has been produced in bulk. Figure 1: Mass Motors’ new energy targets in China
volkswagenggroupchina > 20nevmodelsollourbrands > 50%
Increasetheshareofe-modelsto 35% preparedtodeliver 1.5millionevs Figure 2: Mass meb platform planning
Table 1: id.4 Comparison of national vehicle models and competitions in the East.
The city's car (600741); the meb platform model is on the market.
Wall City Automobile (600741); Meb platform model is on the market, and electric discharge is ready.
Merchant Securities, Huathai Securities, and Huathai Associated Securities, abb. Lead team in the preparation of the 2016, 2017 and 2018-2019 editions of the China Battery Industry Yearbook; invited as guest speaker for the 2018 Swedish Green Transport Congress.
Research Assistant Introduction Bachelor of Arts, University of Xian Transport, University of Gangan, and Master of Finance, East Hing Securities, 2019, in Automotive Studies.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.