The company reports steady growth and rapid growth of innovative business throughout the year - the annual report of the company ' s shares for 2021 (002236.sz)
Business income increased by 24.07 per cent over the year, and improved supply readiness responded to the global supply shortfall. In 2021, companies maintained a business philosophy of fine management and high-quality development to achieve business income liquidity (millions of dollars):
The Division effectively promoted a flexible back-up strategy, the deployment of niche resources in the upstream industrial chain, guaranteed access to mainstream products, sustained large-scale investment to improve integrated competitiveness, with net non-repatriate profits increasing by 13.47 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net non-repatriate profits achieved by companies in 2021 at $3.1003 billion on a year-on-year basis, with an increase of 13.47 per cent in R & D.
In the area of innovation, companies continue to develop industry-related Internet-related operations, video collaboration, orange household use, smart fire fighting, intellectual storage, auto electronics, and none.
In terms of marketing, companies focus on the front line, continue to sink, and fully support high-quality business development.
In the first quarter of 2022, business performance was good, with business earnings increasing by 14.34 per cent over the same period.
In terms of costs, companies continue to increase their investment, with sales, management, R & D costs of $9.32, 203, 738 million, sales, management, R & D, respectively.
Repurchases by the army have increased over the same period of the previous year, with less investment in commission money than during the same period of the previous year. With the scale of technology such as the one in, video capability has been extended to a wide range of business applications.
Constantine, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated; the demand for digital transformation of enterprises has not released as much as expected; overseas markets have not expanded as expected; innovative business has not developed as expected; and market competition has intensified.
Figure 1: The author of the P-band shares in China for the past five years, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.