On April 18th, 2022, the CSRC filed an application for a non-public release of shares.
Audited and approved. The target for this increase was China. On December 1, 2021, the company issued an announcement to sign a share subscription agreement with China, which is intended to move the issue of this non-publicly released stock from China to China, the parent company of China.
China’s move is moving smoothly, and synergies are driving industrial resonance. According to the December 1st, 2021 announcement, China moved the company’s shares without having them before the change in interest was announced. This move is to be made on a cash-side basis. When the change is completed, China’s move will hold more than 8% of the company’s shares and will hold the company on a permanent basis.
In 2020, China moved its own 942 million mobile customers, a number of millions of cable broadband clients, over 300,000 of its own and cooperative channels, and generated over $43.5 billion in industrial, agricultural, educational, government, medical, transport, financial and other solutions for the industry.
China’s movement has multiple strategic resources, and this increase will continue to deepen strategic partnerships, sharing resources, and complementarities.
In this event, the funds raised will be used for key projects such as the Wisdom Solutions case, the three major smart manufacturing and the construction of R & D centers.
The boost channel is rapidly sinking; the open system is continuously built around business values, and solutions are being designed for closed-ring services in the implementation of cognition access and convergence, as well as in the development of new phases, data processing, data applications, landscape scenarios, etc.
The Centre for Manufacturing and Research and Development builds its own sustainable competitiveness, continuously strengthening research, development and productization in technological areas such as multi-dimensional perception, artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data, software platforms, machine vision and robotics, 5g, network security, and client-driven and continuous innovation.
Investment recommendation: Development of 5g will allow alot to be extended from consumer-oriented to industry-oriented, production \triangleright-level applications, while sensors, cameras, network infrastructure, big data, cloud and ai technologies will be aiot
Key and core, long-term industrial development remains a positive trend, with companies, as leading R&D platforms, accumulating deep moats in markets, R&D, supply chains, etc., and the advantages of corporate platforms will continue to manifest themselves in fast-changing markets in the future.
The company is expected to draw conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, to produce the report independently and objectively, and to be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions of which are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.