Events: the company achieved business income of $32,835 million in 2021, a year-on-year increase of $5,848 million in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 14.34 per cent in the same year;
The net profit is now 356 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 2.30 per cent for the same year, and $346 million for the non-mother ' s net profit for the innovation business, which is growing at a very high rate, with the expansion of mobile equity operations. During the reporting period, the company ' s core business smart products and programmes achieved a revenue of 28.41 billion yuan, an increase of 21.72 per cent for the same period;
The software business, as a strategic focus at the corporate level, has now opened thousands of software business interfaces with over 200 million collaborators, an increase of 61.70 per cent. The innovation plate contains machine vision and mobile robotics, intelligence.
In the break-down industries, such as smart living, auto electron, drones and intellectual storage, innovative business will continue to expand over the next 12 months at the highest/minimum (in dollars) and become a strong push for high future growth in the company ' s performance.
Central tog, tob and other operations (intellectual home and channel operations) were collected, respectively, to build up industries and dig deep into the digitalization and intellectualization needs of enterprises, with more than 3,000 business break-down scenarios, more than 1,000 business components developed and cumulatively generated more than 300 industry solutions.
On the one hand, companies have accumulated more than 1,000 business models, 200 scenario programmes, and fully empowered cities to “watch, manage, protect, and live.” Also, in April 2022, China moved to work with China through strategic equity.
In addition to good complementarities with the company’s operations and channels, strong alliances will help promote a sustained recovery in overseas operations, with 2022q1 growing robustly.
In 2021, overseas operations began to resume, receiving approximately 13.489 billion yuan, a total of 5,000 Chinese element/image shops, representing an increase of 112% from 2020.
Under the strategy, the company will further enhance the competitiveness of the international market by replicating its model of application to domestic government and business operations abroad. The sector’s supply-chain tensions are gradually easing, and profitability is expected to pick up.
New products, for example, are closely related, but at the same time the adjustment in the accounting treatment for freight costs has had some impact on last year’s gross interest rate. Thus, the Māori ratio for lower-calibre companies has remained stable.
Looking at this, there is a steady trend in the supply of important chips upstream of the company, which is expected to have a positive effect on Māori and cash flows.
In order to continuously improve the competitiveness of the industry, companies have consistently maintained large-scale R & D investment, with R & D costs of R & D of R 3,452 million yuan in 2021 at a rate of 10.51 per cent; R & D personnel of 11,388 or 2390 more than in 2020.
In the reporting period, the company announced the largest and most extensive equity incentive programme since it was listed. Overall, as future supply-chain pressures have been reduced, corporate profitability has become the core provider and operator of the Smart Alliance Solution, and the stockholdings have been built.
The two core technological systems, arot and DUI, continue to build on their combined strength in hardware, software, cloud and big data, and continue to expand the application landscape to widen the growth boundaries while enriching the resources of their clients. There is a boom in digital technology, such as artificial intelligence, big data, and the Internet of things.
In the context of the great age of development, companies will continue to lead the conglomerates and upgrade to the international market chain, where tensions persist: (3) innovative business, new markets are not expanding as expected.
There's a high rate of growth in innovation, and the level of profit is expected to pick up.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.