The year-round performance was in line with expectations, with strategic upgrades to capture a new era in the country, with the annual report 2021 and the quarterly report 2022 issued on 22 April. The company’s business performance in 2021 was in line with expectations, and the company’s ability to operate continued to improve.
The share of traditional smart products is the highest, growing steadily, and innovations such as machine vision, intelligence +, companies' prices compared to the trend of 300 deep, business shows a high trend, with an increase of 62 per cent in the same year, and, by sub-products, products at the end of the country are growing faster, with a higher rate of growth than at the end of the same year.
By 28 per cent, B end-products accounted for 45 per cent and 30 per cent well above the g end, mainly because of the gradual shift in corporate business towards conglomerate ecology, while Smb and c end-products recovered to normal levels in 21 years, at a rate of 37 per cent.
Significant increases in the cost of critical materials affected by the epidemic, resulting in a decline in the overall Māori ratio of companies; 2) companies continuously increase their investment in technological innovation and research and development in core areas such as artificial intelligence, machine vision, R & D fees, “One System Two Platforms” to build R & D systems, relying on software platforms to achieve multiple scenarios
Digitalization and intelligence have become the central drivers of economic development in the mind generation. To upgrade the capacity of software, companies have built a technological architecture for “one system, two platforms.” In this, the “joint mind medium system” facilitates the growth of corporate efficiency; and the “city and industry platforms” are built around laas, laas and paas.
At the same time, the company has provided a combination of intellectual goods to industries through the Clouds and Clouds platform, which in 2021 released 200+ new functions, cumulatively serving 5,000+ firms and 1 million people.
Businesses, with platforms covering chains, communities, logistics, and the like. We believe that accelerated multi-intellectual landscapes are a long-term strategic trend for companies, and that they need to rely on software platforms to expand and quickly replicate project core technologies through the “one system two platforms” R & D architecture.
In October 2021, the company released a new dahuatin# strategy, based on the foundation of Dahuathink and Pulse.
The platform builds a “two-way” technology strategy that shapes a “two-way” business strategy for cities and businesses. Specifically, the company's depth _ai storm surged, video conjunct. See, “two-way”: alot controls business in real time through perception, connectivity and control; and a combination of intelligence.
The platform is driven by technology, such as big data mining and view intelligence. “Two rows”: the company will be ai, 2. “Waaan securities_companion research_computer industry_
Technologies like big data, cloud computing, etc. are matched with business. As of 2021, in urban areas, the results of a pilot evaluation report _21h1 software revenues were rapidly increasing.b Fields, companies had over 5,000 insights and 200+ solutions were launched.
End-of-business sustainability: 2021-08-30. Over 3,000 insight scenes, resulting in 300+ solutions. We believe that companies publish Dahua 3.
The new strategy, on the one hand, provides a clearer positioning and focus of the company and widens the capacity boundary; and, on the other hand, the stocktaking report _21q3 maintains high growth and strategic upgrading, which also means that the company is expected to deliver on its performance and release dividends with significant prior investment in R & D.
Faced with the development opportunities of the digital economy, the company, based on the stabilization of its traditional smart business, with the input of major innovative business and end-of-end products, is expected to expand the new landscape based on the technological center of software development through a new era of strategic upgrades.
1) Research and development breakthroughs are less than expected; 2) policy support is less than expected; 3) project delivery is less than expected, using legally compliant information, and the data and information used in this report are presented independently and objectively from market sources, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that there will be no change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.