A steady growth in performance, with innovative business oriented towards the new era of aiot, 24 \triangleright, 2022
13.44 per cent; net profit withheld from non-repatriated mothers was 13.03 billion yuan, an increase of 13.47 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2022, $5.48 billion was collected, an increase of 14.34 per cent in the same year; net profit earned from repatriation was $356 million, an increase of 2.30 per cent in the same year.
The division collected $32,835 million, an increase of 24.07 per cent. In sub-operations, the company achieved $8,622 million in 21 years, an increase of 27.61 per cent in 21 years, and tog, $5,851 million, an increase of 3.17 per cent in 3.17 per cent.
The annual net profit of the company not attributable to the mother was $3.103 billion, an increase of 13 per cent; the combined Māori rate of 38.91 per cent, a significant increase in the same material cost, led to a decline in the overall Māori ratio of the company; and 2) the company continued to increase its investment in technological innovation and R & D in core areas such as artificial intelligence, machine vision, 13 per cent R & D costs and R investment.
The strategy is officially launched to create a two-way strategy for the city and business “two-by-two” and the two-way layout of the strategy. “two-way”: in the area of urban operations, companies are fully aligned with client business processes, with a number of intellectual qualities.
In transport, traffic police, ports, public life, eco-environment, etc., more than 5,000 scenes, more than 800 business modules, and more than 200 industrial solutions. In the business sector, the company 2. Da Hwa shares (002236).
As in the case of the new phase of development, the combination of advanced technology such as the ai, big data and industry data, the insulation of the business break-up scenes over 3,000, the development of more than 1,000 business components, and the accumulation of more than 300 industry solutions.
“Safe systems, production values, business management” of companies that continue to empower enterprises; “twisted” of the Aiot+Intelligent Platform: global perception of the world through aiot, diversified data links, world control and collaboration and local real-time business closures; industry-based software paradigm sedimentation based on the Consort Platform
All-store functions such as all-encompassing, view intelligence, big data mining multi-dimensional data values. Investment proposal: Continuous recommendation for video-link intelligence to extend consumer applications to industry-oriented, production-level \triangleright
In application, sensors, cameras, network infrastructure, big data, cloud and ai technologies will be the key and core to aiot, and industry will continue to be on a good trend over the long term. Companies, as champions of R & D platforms, have accumulated deep moats in the city, R & D, supply chains, etc., and corporate platforms will have the advantage in the future.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.