Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Quick Growth Ring Increase, small fluctuations in profit growth.
A rise, with a growth rate of 10.19 per cent in the 2q23 season, and an increase of 1.74 pct over 1q23. The increase in net profit returns slowed down. Interest income showed remarkable performance, with 1h23 net revenue compared to +16.62 per cent. (vs Structural changes in the wealth management needs of the population resulting from structural changes, with other non-interest declines largely subject to a higher base of 1h22.)
The impact, the impact, and the weak performance of the 1h23 traded financial asset investment. ..the two-end increase in capital is greater than price changes, and the difference still reflects resilience.
At the end of an asset, the rate of return on an asset of 1h23 is lower by 9bps on a par, and by 8bps to 4.17% at the beginning of the year.
Individual loans are stronger, mainly because the Ningpo Bank ' s individual loans consist mainly of consumer loans and business loans, which together account for 30.8 per cent of the total loans, higher risk premiums than individual housing loans, sufficient competition from financial institutions and market-based pricing, and hence a significant drop in the lower market interest rates.
With regard to joint venture and investment-type operations, the flexible asset structure and the advantages of multi-profit centres are highlighted, with bond investments and joint interest income of yoy+14.85 per cent and 28.36 per cent respectively, supporting interest-bearing asset returns.2 At the end of the liability, the rate of cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased by 1 bp, compared to the beginning of the year.
Between 4bps and 2.09 per cent, interest on deposits accounted for 60.7 per cent of total interest expenditure for both public and private banks: scarcity and high growth and readiness. Average daily size of deposits increased, mainly because Ningpo bank dropped down and was negative by leading deposit offers.
The debt structure was optimized, the interest rate on individual deposits was reduced significantly, individual currents, average interest rates on time deposits were maintained in terms of asset quality and provision for counter-feeding profits were maintained, and to 489 per cent, mainly due to the fact that the absolute value of the Ningpo bank's provision was already high in the business community, with security cushions.
The macroeconomic situation is thicker and is expected to improve, with a reduction in loan impairment losses. By branch, poor production is concentrated in wholesale retail, manufacturing, and personal loans, which rise from 9bps to 1.48%.
The city was in the early stages of development, with the fastest scale expansion but the worst rate having fallen from 1.42 per cent at the end of 2022 to 1.34 per cent of 1h23, and is expected to contribute mainly to the overall expansion of the ex situs industry, combined with a sharp decline in the rate of return on individual loans, and Ningpo Bank should be effective in a timely manner for fluctuations in the economic cycle
The Ningpo Bank is well-developed in the economically developed regions, such as Zhejiang and Jiangsu, with clear positioning and competitive advantages in the segment of the market. The core management team is stable, strategic communication is efficient, and corporate governance mechanisms are in place.
It is difficult to replicate and sustain. Strong wind-control capabilities, scarce financial services capacity, strong liquidity for public-to-power retail business models, multiple profit centres can provide performance support, and domestic banking poles that are both scarce and dynamic.
According to the semi-annual report of 2023, the cashier’s performance has been remarkable, with future capital increases falling to a higher level and contributing to the profits of the parent bank. According to the semi-annual forecast of fine-tuning profits, interest rate risk is expected: interest rates continue to fall under broad credit, broad monetary policy, and interest differentials are narrow.
Market risk: The downside of macro and regional economies has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets and a significant increase in negative outcomes. Business risk: less than expected economic growth and a sharp drop in financing demand have slowed credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.