The reasons for the report are: performance rating qoq; non-performing loan provision coverage of 488.96 per cent (-12.51 pct, qoq).
Nevertheless, the net interest income is realized faster than previously estimated, driven by size. With respect to non-interest income, there is a slight decrease in fees and commissions, with the guarantee-to-custody business being the main drag; investment returns are lower than expected, either because the scale of the transactional finance has grown less than anticipated, or because of the restructuring of the configuration and the market returns of the first half of the year.
q2 companies maintained excellent asset quality, and the ratio of interest-type loans to non-performing loans remained stable at a low level. Dynamicly, poor recognition and write-offs in the first half of the year were slightly higher than previously estimated, and greater recognition was the main reason for the lower than previously estimated coverage of the provision.
q2, companies continue to respond to the call for policies to support MSMEs by increasing credit investment in priority areas, and at the same time, sustained and robust consumer credit and modest increases in mortgage lending, general business loans, discounts on bills, and personal loans.
All loans grew faster, with a combined increase of $70 billion in the single quarter, significantly better than the estimated 44.2 billion. In the context of the upgrading of lending patterns and the digital transformation, which contributed to a steady increase in public deposits, and in the context of the increased willingness of the population to save, the difference between asset-end rates, end-of-debt cost rates and net interest rates was added at the appropriate time: affected by the downward adjustment of re-pricing and lpr, corporate lending returns in the first half of the year.
Bank Ningbo (002142): Professional operations dropped to 5.18 per cent, slightly above the estimated 5.15 per cent; and, consistent with the fall in interest rates on bonds in the first half of the year, interest rates on financial investments were affected by higher deposit rates, with a net interest spread of 1.93 per cent (7 bp, qoq).
> Fees and commission revenue: q2 fees and commission net revenue increased by 1.6% over the year, slowing down from q1 to below the estimate of 6.73%. For specific projects, the increase in income from surrogate insurance operations, which account for a higher share of agent-type operations, is a major drag, either on a high base or on capital markets.
The size of the wealth management and asset management business: in the first half of the year, the size of corporate hosting assets, the number of private bank clients, and the size of private banks grew faster, with the size of the management fund at the end of June being $356.4 billion, of which the non-monetary fund was $241.1 billion, and the amount of banking property held at the end of the month stood at $25.34 trillion, down 8.35 per cent from the end of 2022.
The model is consistent with industry trends, with the management of property of $346 billion at the end of June, a decline of 12.78% from the end of 2022. Loans have been heavily invested, and the size of traded financial assets has increased less than estimated; on the other hand, investment returns have been measured less than anticipated, either because companies have increased the allocation of low-yielding varieties and have led to disturbances in the first half of the year’s debt market.
Quality of assets: good economic base, good risk management capability and excellent quality of corporate assets in the company ' s region. At the end of the month, interest-group loan ratios, non-performing loan rates and provision coverage rates were 0.55 per cent (+1 bp, qoq), 0.76 per cent of non-performing loans generated (unannual), non-performing loan write-offs (non-annual), non-performing loan recovery rates (non-annual)
At the firm level, Ningpo Bank has a strong professional capacity and a clear comparative advantage, and its current relative valuation is low in 2015. On the basis of the above, a firm’s “buy-in” investment rating is maintained.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.