The net interest gap has been reduced by a narrow margin and asset quality indicators are robust. Events: In recent days, Ningpo Bank disclosed that in 2023: 2023h1 net profit from mother-to-child ratio +14.90% Ningbo Bank (002142)
The rate of increase in the harvest is high and the rate of profit is robust. 2023h1 Ningbo bank revenue is 84bp to 9.29% higher on q1 on the same year; the net profit of the parent is 45bp to 14.90% lower than the rate of q1 on the same year.
The double-digit growth in corporate profits has largely benefited from a faster expansion in size and the provision of anti-breeding; while profit growth has slowed at a slower margin of q1, mainly due to the negative drag on investment gains and losses, as well as the reduction in counter-breeding. Net interest differentials have been reduced by the same margin, resulting in an optimal negative structure.
7bp less than q1; 3bp less less less than q1 less. The rate of return on interest-bearing assets Xiaohui Zhang and the rate of cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 9bp and 1bp respectively.
Assets are of good quality and core indicators are resilient. The negative bank ratio at the end of 2023q2 was equal to 0.76 per cent; the rate of concern was 1 bp to 0.55 per cent; the provision coverage ring was reduced by 12.51 pct
We believe that, in an environment of macroeconomic volatility and increased competition in the industry, the quality of corporate assets continues to maintain a better level of industry, reflecting a greater sense of wind control and risk management capacity.
In July this year, the company issued a long-term debt of 10 billion yuan, and other levels of capital were replenished in an orderly manner. Profit forecasts: Ningpo Bank is plowing into high-quality areas, steadily implementing a “big bank doesn’t do well, small banks can’t do” business strategy, continuing to deepen the construction of diversified profit centers, and improving profit structures.
The annual return net profit increases were 14.49 per cent, 15.40 per cent and 16.76 per cent, respectively.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Figure 1: Collections and performances increase at the same rate, Figure 2: Cumulative performance increase at the same rate vs. Industry level as a whole
Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance: Figure 4: Cumulative annualized weights of roe and roa Figure 6: Undesirable rates vs. Industry
Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry Figure 9: Capital adequacy at all levels
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the financial sector, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the finance industry and the finance industry, asset liabilities, wind control, and wind control.
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.