Ningpo Bank (002142): Interest differential control is strong and asset quality is excellent
Incidents: On 24 August, Ningpo Bank published its semi-annual 2023 report, and 1h23 was collected and pre-positioned. Ningpo Bank was established on 10 April 1997 and +14.9 per cent in July 2007; annualized weighted average roe was 16.15 per cent, an increase of 0.11 ptt compared to the end of June; provision was made
On 19th, the company became the country’s first city commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
Companies operate at surcharges, with revenues and profits growing steadily. (1) In the first half of the year, Ningpo Bank established a “public bank, retail company, individual bank, financial market, credit” with the objective of providing diversified financial services to customers.
A 9.3 per cent increase in the same year resulted in a steady increase, mainly as a result of higher growth in size, a moderate interest margin and a decrease in credit, paper operations, investment banks, asset hosting, asset management” and a balance of prices. Non-interest income for the first half of the year was the same as -1.2 per cent, with revenue from other investments being earned.
The nine major profit centres, which have initially developed a diversified business growth model, have been hampered. Moreover, the low level of anti-breathing profit provision in the first half of the year is also a relatively smooth increase in profit and a good brand image.
The Quarterly Ring ratio shows a rebound in net interest income of q2, mainly due to the impact of last year’s low Q2 base. The one-quarter net income gap has a certain downside, with companies continuing their business strategy of surcharge, sustaining faster growth in size and more retail credit. At the end of June, interest-bearing assets were about 2.56 trillion.
Impact. In the first half of the year, there was an increase in public general loans/book discounts/lendings, respectively. Looking ahead, we expect the company to continue to move below the public-to-lending interest rate at the end of the asset, as the economy recovers and the financing needs are restored.
Upgrade, 63.8% of term deposits at the end of June, up from 5 pct last year. Adjustments to the public/lending rate of return in the first half of the year were related to the restructuring (least-prior mortgage lending, public bill discounting, etc.). Overall, Ningpo Bank’s net interest differentials are not too large, thanks to a stronger asset-end pricing capacity, and capital.
Given the gradual improvement in the cost of the liability as a result of the downward adjustment in the price of subsequent deposits, the firm’s net interest margin is expected to recover steadily. Both volumes remain excellent and benefit from the company’s continued prudent risk control capacity.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn’s investment proposal: Ningpo Bank can fully benefit from regional economic development.
S14805210003 is a better and more marketable mechanism. Forward pricing, a solid diversified income structure, and continued prudential wind control have all gone through the cyclical test. We look forward to continued high-growth companies.
The strategy of large retail and light capital has been steadily advancing, with further consolidation of diversified profit centres, which are expected to maintain a “strongly recommended” rating for 23 years pb.
Figure 1: Ningbo Bank 1h23, net profit per year +9.3 per cent, +14.9 per cent, Figure 3: Ningpo Bank 1q23, 1h23 performance split, Figure 4: Bank Ningpo loan, deposit per year + 18.1 per cent, +24.2 per cent
Figure 6: Non-performing loan rate of Bank Ningbo at the end of June at a flat rate of 0.76 per cent
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Ningpo Bank (002142): the ability to control differences, the quality of assets, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Ningpo Bank (002142): The control of interest differentials is strong and assets are of excellent quality.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.