South-West Securities Research and Development Center recommends logic: Centrally trusted securities are backed by a central trust group, with a wealth of industrial resources and strong capital.
Good brand names and a large pool of talent have always kept industry first in many business rankings, and have kept industry at the top of a fierce market competition. In the future, with the company’s shareholding scheme, policy dividends continue to be released, financial openness has accelerated, and Sino-Sin securities have become industry leaders and agents of change.
Brokering: commission rates have been reduced only marginally, and the city’s share has rebounded. In recent years, corporate brokerage revenues have also fallen, but below the line, against a backdrop of a double-dip in market turnover and commission rates.
The average industry, with 6.09% in 2018, is the highest in the last five years, and the market share is the second highest in the industry. In the future, as the company’s transformation in wealth management increases, the revenue from the brokerage sector is expected to rebound steadily, further increasing its market share.
Credit operations: Cost advantages are clear and size expands. Companies, as industry leaders, channels and brands, are clearly strong, with rich and high-quality institutional customer resources, complete business structures and diversified financing channels, with strong capital strength and lower financing cost advantages, and companies are engaged in capital intermediation.
The scale of credit operations is expected to expand as future market risk preferences rise. • Investment operations: project reserves are sufficient and policy dividends are fully available. By virtue of their advantage in terms of agency client resources, companies lead traditional investment ventures.
In terms of stock stocks, with a strong industrial background and a strong workforce, CSCM has accumulated a rich reserve of project resources. As of March 2019, the company ' s ipo project had 91 reserves, with a total number ranked fourth in the industry. In the future, as refinancing provisions have been relaxed and innovation policies have been catalyzed, corporate equity financing has been made available.
The company’s overseas business platform, Lyon, has grown into a fully licensed, multi-businessed and good-performing voucher. The company is committed to making Sin-Lion Cin-Lion an overseas-based company.
Proximity investment in the field is expected to benefit from a country’s long-term policy-line planning as a major factor in overseas operations. Direct investment in past performance has made a significant contribution, with firm direct investment in affiliates becoming more visible in project reserves and product investments, and future performance in the future is expected to continue to improve.
In the first place, a number of businesses have been in the forefront of the industry, performing very resiliently, with the negative impact of creative firms such as direct investment, overseas, derivatives, etc., and increased competition in the market or weakened the company ' s operational advantage.
CSCM is one of the first CSRC-approved consolidated securities companies, formerly Chinese.