The Chinese army is replaced by the Chinese, the light of advanced technology, the first team of global crystal circle workers, the country's only advanced crystal-crystal factory. China-Crystal International is the world's leader.
One of the integrated circuit crystal circle plants can provide 8 inches and 12 inches of crystal round workers at a variety of technology nodes at 0.35 m-14nfinfet. According to the global pure crystal round industrial enterprises, which ranked fourth in the world in 2022, the center core is the number one in mainland China.
China’s Shinko, as the company’s first major shareholder, held 14.97% of the shares. Given the weak demand in downstream industries, it is expected that the company’s capacity utilization rate will rise to the bottom in the future, leading to the next round of industry growth.
\triangleright chain gravity shift, China’s continental crystal circle plant has been growing rapidly in recent years. According to icinsights, sales in China’s continental crystal circle market increased from $32.7 billion in 2016 to 2022
77.1 billion yuan, with an average annual compound growth rate of 15.71 per cent, is expected to reach 90.3 billion yuan in 2023. In addition, China’s mainland is actively laying out crystallized production capacity. According to Semi, a total of 84 crystallized mills are expected to be in operation worldwide between 2021 and 2023, with investments exceeding $500 billion, of which China’s mainland is now home to 20 new maturers.
Crafts, the number of new crystal mills are the first in the world, and icinsights expect that in 2026, China’s mainland crystals will rise from 15.3 per cent to 25 per cent of the world’s total production capacity, with 12 inch crystal mills’ monthly capacity keeping the advanced process ahead for the long term, and the mature process will continue to expand rapidly.
\triangleright, a crystal-crystal factory that delivers 14 nmfinfet, represents the leading level of technology for autonomous development of integrated circuit manufacturing in mainland China, and as demand for chips continues to grow rapidly in the ai area, it is the only lead in the country.
In terms of production, there are three 8-inch crystal mills and four 12-inch crystal mills in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, Shenzhen, and one 12-inch crystal mill in Shanghai, Beijing and Tianjin. In the next five to seven years, there will be four new ones in China.
Ten thousand, with a capacity utilization rate of 77.1 per cent in the case of the gradual release of the new capacity Investment proposal: taking into account the fact that China-Key International is the lead company in the domestic crystal round industry, it is the only country in the world that has \triangleright
With the gradual recovery of demand in downstream industries, the capacity utilization rate of companies is about to rise. The company is expected to be the only advanced crystal mill in 23 to 1 with more than 20 loads ahead.
One of the world's leading crystal circle industrial enterprises, one of the world's leading integrated circuit crystal circle industrial enterprises, and one of China's first, largest, and most well-served professional crystal circle industrial enterprises.
The Crystal Circle Generation is gradually extending to platform-based eco-services that provide global clients with crystal-round engineering and technical services ranging from 0.35 micrometres to the various technology nodes in the world, with leading process manufacturing capabilities, productivity advantages, and service packages.
The company’s products are widely used in a wide range of areas, such as automobiles, electronics, consumer electronics, information communications, artificial intelligence, networking of goods, medicine, and industry. Over 20 years have passed since the development, production, and marketing of the integrated circuit-crys generation and its accompanying services.
Founded in 2000, with its headquarters in Shanghai; formally established in 2002 by China Harbour International Integrated Circuit Manufacturing (Beijing) Ltd.; officially established in 2003 by China Harbour International Integrated Circuit Manufacturing (Tianjin) Ltd.; tested production of the first 12 inches production line (fab4) in Beijing in 2004; and 12 in 2007 by Shanghai.
(fab8) Start of commissioning; 2008 official launch of China Harbour International Integrated Circuit Manufacturing (Hin Shenzhen) Ltd.; 2010 successful entry of the 12 inches 65 nanometer process to the Middle Hedge International Beijing Base; 2015 participation of the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, Inc. (Big Fund), Inc. (Big Fund) in China Harbour International; 2019, No.
A generation of 14 nanofinfets has been successfully produced; in 2020, China-Cryston International was officially listed on the Board of Origin; in 2022, mid-Crystal Shenzhen was brought into production, Central-Crystal was in the test phase, the central core-bound main structure was sealed, and Central-Crysing-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi started construction.
Stage I, 90 nmbcd and 0.11 m silicon-led process platforms have been developed for a small batch trial phase.
The company has now become the first integrated circuit crystal-rounding company in mainland China to produce 14 nanometres of finfet, meeting the requirements of the integrated circuit crystal-round in various applications. The center core international photo masks have the largest and most advanced photo masking facility in mainland China.
To provide photo masking services for its clientele and other crystal-crystal plants. At the same time, China Harbour works with the world’s leading containment testing plants to provide customers with complete back-end containment services, including back-end graphic design, layout layout, reference design processes based on different eda design environments, and up-dry high specifications.
Modules and ip modules, the company can also provide the medium-pane processing services required for various processes.1.2 The company has no real control, and Shinko, China, is the first-largest shareholder. There is no real controlr, shares are fragmented, and the largest shareholder has no more than 20 per cent of the public share.
As of the first three quarters of the year 2023, the largest shareholder in Central Hedge International was the Great Tang Holdings (Hong Kong) Investment Ltd.
14.06%, while Da Tang Holdings is owned by Shinko, China, which holds 0.91% of the shares directly, so Shinko, China, holds a total of 14.97% of the shares of the company. In addition, Xingxiao, a company owned by Xinjiang (Shanghai) Investments Ltd., owns 617 million shares, or 7.77%, and the National Integrated Circuit Fund owns all the shares of the company.
Investment (Shanghai) Ltd., the second largest shareholder in the company, with other shareholders holding more decentralized shares, has increased the share of the publicly-owned bank G.I.-W.S.I.C. to 2.57 per cent of the open-indexed equity investment fund, with the remainder below 2 per cent.
Incentives include the company’s directors, senior managers, core technicians, etc., accounting for approximately the cumulative value as at 31 December 2022.
In 2023, the company appointed Mr. Liu as its Chairman and Executive Director. Mr. Liu was also a member of the 14th National Council of Political Ministers and of the City of Shanghai.
President of the Material Association. Mr. Liu Tsingfeng has served as head of various enterprises, and has been recognized as a leading industrial and industrial businessman in Shanghai, a leading entrepreneur in Shanghai, and has had extensive experience in the field of business management. Member of the expert committee of the Institute of Financial Management of Directors, and guest director of the Central University of Finance and Finance. Ms. Guo has served as a member of the committee of the Telecommunication Technology Industries Group in Da Tang and as a member of the General Council.
Ms. Guo, a Chinese-registered accountant, obtained a bachelor ' s degree in law from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space and a master ' s degree in accounting from the Central University of Finance and Economics.
Dr. Wu Junfeng, Senior Deputy Director General, and current Senior Vice-President and Head of Finance of the company, is also a director of several subsidiaries of the company. Dr. Wu is also a master ' s teacher at the University of Finance and Economics of Southwest China, the Central University of Finance and Finance.