For the first time, in 2023, we reported a steady development of nuclear power, an increase in the contribution of wind and light power, the seizure of opportunities, nuclear power, new energy generation, and the convergence of the three agile industries.
The company is the only major player in nuclear power development and operation in China and is currently the second largest nuclear power operator in the country. The company is based on the sale of electricity, including nuclear power generation, as well as non-nuclear clean energy sources such as wind and light, in the construction of a “clean low-carbon, safe and efficient” modern energy system, and
The goal of “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” will be the direction of our development in the energy sector, and clean low-carbon energy will become the bulk of the increase. Companies will adopt a two-wheel-drive development strategy of nuclear power + new energy, with nuclear power as the main source, and new energy development will be effectively complemented by the development of low-carbon, clean technologies, such as nuclear power, wind power and photovoltaics.
At the same time, the clean energy industry is actively developing nuclear energy for heating, gas and other uses, as well as agile and clean technology industries such as mines, fostering new growth points, promoting the full range of nuclear power, new energy sources, electricity, and agility synergies between the three industries. In addition, companies are actively seeking breakthroughs in overseas energy markets.
For example, the Government has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with a number of national and international institutions and enterprise groups. The steady growth in the steady growth of nuclear power generation, which has led to an increase in the performance of new energy sources in the order of billions of yuan, +11.09%, is mainly due to the increase in the size of new energy installations, which has led to the same level of electricity generation.
Wang Ying Wen Xing China Air Securities Ltd., 6.86% of which generated 90.268 million kilowatt-hours of nuclear power generation, an increase of 2.77% in the same year, and new energy sources
A total of 25 nuclear power units with a capacity of 237.5 million kilowatts (kW) are in the process of being built and approved 13 units with a capacity of 15.13.5 million kW; as of 2023h1, the company ' s new energy loading capacity amounted to 22.141.82 million kW, of which 1,445.21 kW are in the process of being installed.
From the company ' s main shareholding subsidiary, nuclear power generation is mainly carried out by the Qinshan nuclear power plant, Tian Wan sub-repair, of which 10 general overhauls have an average duration of 335 days less than the same period in 2022.
At the cost end, the company's cost for the period 2023h1 was 15.95% (2.08pcts).
The decrease is mainly due to the company’s full-scale management of the cost reduction and the elimination of the cross-power plant’s inventory. Specifically, the management cost rate (3.76%, 1.24 pcts) has decreased, mainly from zero.38 pcts for the pre-development of nuclear power projects, mainly due to reduced expenditure on individual power plant research and development projects.
With 126 new inventions patented by the company 2023h1, the company continues to strengthen top-level design and to create three new areas: “The basic scientific research plus the engineering and engineering research plus industrial research” and to construct the “Pyramid” with the Chinese Ministry of Nuclear Power as the steering layer, the three major scientific enterprises as the main layer, and the power plant unit as the support level.
“Technology, technology, and innovation systems; at the same time, working horizontally with research universities to work with universities in areas such as smart nuclear power, nuclear power over-use, and equipment reliability enhancement. Receivables will add to their performance by investing heavily in nuclear power, new energy units, etc.
The increase of 17.87 per cent is attributable mainly to the increase in the balance of the electricity bill due from the increase in the generation of electricity, as well as to the size of the new energy source, resulting from the net cash flow generated by the company ' s operations in 2023h1 from the cash-flow end.
The electricity sector is one of the most important basic energy industries in the country's economic development and one of the major components of the public utility sector. Rapid growth in the domestic economy has led to rapid growth in the electricity sector.
There is a good growth in installed capacity and power generation. With coal-based energy, the country's electricity sector is gradually shifting towards green low-carbon sources, such as nuclear power, wind power, hydropower, and nuclear power, as a technologically mature clean energy source, has the advantage of generating electricity on a stable scale and with a high capacity in recent years.
Nuclear power generation is gradually increasing in proportion to the amount of power generated by various sources, and there is a strong demand in the market. Moreover, nuclear technology has diversified into heating, gas, desalination, hydrogen production, etc., creating new market demand and expanding the market space for industry.
By the end of 2022, 53 of our commercial nuclear power units, 22 under construction, continued to be world leaders; in 2022, our nuclear power generation reached 4,17.8 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 2.5 per cent over the same period in 2021, with 4.8 per cent in the electricity structure, 10 years earlier.
Some 2 per cent have increased significantly; and by 2023h1, our nuclear power generation will have reached $211.9 billion, 45”, the size of our nuclear power plant will have increased even further, the volume of electricity will have increased significantly, and by 2035, the share of nuclear power in our power structure will have reached about 10 per cent.
The company, as the backbone of nuclear power in our country, has been actively developing new energy industries, promoting the use of nuclear energy for multiple purposes, and opening up new performance growth points. At the same time, the layout and breakthroughs of overseas markets will increase corporate profits;
(a) The company continues to optimize its management of major repairs, shortening the period of major repairs and increasing the level of electricity generation, while maintaining security and stability, and further shortening the period of major repairs of 2023h1;
Low-cost, more efficient operations, the risk of price fluctuations, the risk of adjustment of nuclear power policies, the risk of higher asset-liability ratios, etc., Figure 1 Operating income and speed of increase (in billions of yuan; %)
Figure 43 Cost and percentage of revenue (in billions; %) Figure 5 R & D as a percentage of income (in billions; %) Figure 6 Cost (in billions)
China Air Stock Corps: Over 20 members of the largest military-industrial research team in the capital market, relying on the strong military-industrial shareholders of the aviation industry group, conduct military-industrial research, service the military-industrial industry, strive for foresight, depth, systems, comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military-industrial industry, service the capital market at the level of the first tier, and interact well with the regulatory, industrial, capital and so on, will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.