Summary of events: On 30 August, the company released its semi-annual report for 2023, which enabled operations to take place during the reporting period
Major repairs were optimized and electricity increased steadily: 1h23 completed 11 major repairs of the crew, an increase of 3 times in the same year, \triangleright, but the average duration of 10 conventional major repairs was 3.35 days shorter than the same period in the previous year, benefiting from optimal days of major repairs and nuclear power.
One hundred thousand kilowatt-hours is 3.9% more than the other, and the ring is 0.2% more. 1h23's controlled nuclear power plant is now home-grown, overhauled, two times less than the other, and the company's nuclear power supply and collection is expected to increase steadily in the second half of the year.
Cost reduction gains and performance: 1h23 corporate management costs decreased by $364 million on a year-on-year basis, of which q2 \triangleright quarterly decreases by $489 million on a year-on-year basis; in addition, 1h23 interest costs decreased by $201 million on a year-on-year basis, but due to exchange rate
The research assistant, Zhao Guin Li, lost $228 million more than in the same period the previous year, so the financial costs are almost equal. 1h23 has other earnings, sufficient “ammunition” and wind, light is on the way: 1h23 wind power, light voltage is on the way.
Quarterly evaluation of the year 023: clean power supply, large new energy, 49.1 per cent more than the year, net profit of $1,615 million, $596 million more than the year; wind, light and 64,911 million kilowatts in construction, and we expect to reach new installed units throughout the year.
8gw. With its own strong cash flow of nuclear power and external surge capital, the transfer of energy funds for “ammunition” is sufficient. 3. China's nuclear power (601985.sh) is reported in the tri-quarters of 2022.
Investment proposals: Major repairs were reduced in the second half of the year, and nuclear power is expected to increase steadily; company performance is expected to increase steadily, with no incremental fleet, but through cost increases; and the pace of windfall production is expected to accelerate with sufficient capital.
5. China ' s Nuclear Power (601985.sh) Incident Review: Epidemic Disturbations Declines Intensity and Windsight Growth Sustained 2022/0
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.