UV Mining (601899.sh) - Annual Report Review - Rapid increase in sales of core minerals in the weather cycle, positive deployment of new energy new materials industries - non-ferrous metals - industrial metals
In 2021, the company produced 47.45 tons of mineral gold, compared to 17.28%, and 584.2 million tons of mineral copper (with a card for 52 weeks/minimum prices).
The Moa copper industry produced 4.19 million tons, corresponding to +28.92 per cent, and the mineral zinc (lead), containing 43.44 million tons, also giving guidance in the annual report for 2022: 860,000 tons of mineral copper, corresponding to 310 tons of mineral silver: 3.2 million tons of iron ore: projected investment expenditure on project construction (with technical modifications)
The company's strategic extension, the dynamic deployment of the new energy-based materials industry as a result of the “double carbon” policy. We believe that 2021 will be a crucial year for the company to achieve a strategic extension, with a rapid increase in production, in addition to the pre-existing dominant mineral gold, copper, zinc mines, the Congolese Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, the Serbian copper gold mine, and the western part of the country.
In addition to the successive production of the three world-class copper deposits, the company completed the acquisition of the world-class Lithium Salt Lake 30 project in Argentina, officially entering the new energy metal track. In its annual report, the company stressed that it would make a major contribution to the rapid transformation of resource advantages into economic and social benefits and to the acceleration of Argentina.
30 Lithium Salt Lake Heavy Bump Project, which promotes investment projects such as electrolysis copper, phosphate lithium, hydrogen energy.
The three-quarterly review of the Purple Gold Minerals - 601899-2021: net profits continue to exceed expectations and will open up new growth space in a critical year.
Lithium is expected to be in production by the end of 2023. “Medium Mine - A Quarterly Review 601899-2021: High Business Performance Growth, Investment Recommendations: Higher Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of “buy-in” ratings.
The process of internationalization is accelerating, with a strategic expansion of the new energy and new materials industry, with medium- and long-term growth, with clear paths to becoming a global super-class international mining company and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. At the height of the commodity boom, sales of core minerals are expected to continue to grow rapidly.
The company published its annual report for 2021: 225,102 million yuan, an increase of 31.25 per cent over the same year; a net return of tons (4.19 million tons of copper interest in Kamoa), an increase of 28.92 per cent over the same year; a mineral zinc (lead) of 43.44 million tons, an increase of 14.81 per cent over the same year; mineral silver of 309 tons, an increase of 3.34 per cent over the same year; iron ore of 4.25 million tons, an increase of 9.71 per cent over the same year.
Tons, 480,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead), 310 tons of mineral silver and 3.2 million tons of iron ore, with projected investment expenditure of $20 billion on project construction (with technical modifications).
0.65 per cent. The weighted average unit operating cost of mineral copper was $18194 per ton, a decrease of 9.46 per cent in the same year, of which the unit operating cost of mining copper concentrate was only $16789 per ton, a significant decrease of 11.99 per cent in the same year, the unit operating cost of generating electrical copper from mines was $18517 per ton, a decrease of 3.53 per cent in the same year, and the unit operating cost of mining electrolytic copper was $27102.
The business cost of the mineral zinc unit was $7369 per ton, an increase of 12.16 per cent in the same year, and point, when smelted and processed products were removed, the Māori rate of the mineral product was 58.98 per cent, an increase of 11.27 percentage points in the same year, of which the Māori rate of the mineral gold was 49.46 per cent, the Māori rate of the mineral copper was 66.05 per cent and the Māori rate of the mineral zinc was 47.87 per cent.
Figure 9: Splitting of the cost of sales of the company's mineral copper unit ($/t) Figure 10: Changes in the Māori ratio of the company's core mineral products
We consider 2021 to be a crucial year for the strategic extension of the company, with a rapid increase in the production of gold, copper and zinc mines, in addition to the pre-existing advantage, officially entering the new energy metal track with the acquisition and acquisition of the Congolese Kamoa-Kacura copper mine, the Serbian copper gold mine in Pej and the Tibetan lithium salt lake project.
On October 8, 2021, Toronto, Canada, the company signed an Arrangement Agreement with the Canadian Stock Exchange listed company, Neo Lithiumcorp. New Lithium, which will buy all of the issuing and circulating ordinary lithium companies in cash at a price of $6.5 per share through a fully-owned company incorporated in Canada.
The core assets of the New Lithium Company are the Trisquebradassalar ("3q") lithium salt lake project in the department of Catamarca (catamarca) in the north-western part of Argentina, which is resource-rich, high grade, low impurities, well developed and has a greater potential for expansion.
The company Liexs.a. holds the full capital of the 3q project.30 The 30 project has 13 mining rights totalling 353 square kilometres covering the entire salt lake surface and halogen lake. Ten of these continuous mining rights form a “mine rights group” forming the core area of mining activity, with an area of land.
The application for an environmental assessment licence for the mining phase was submitted in April of that year and has now been approved.In 2015 to date, 30 projects have completed initial surveys and three full rounds of exploration to assess the potential of the lithium resource development of the halo-water deposits.30 The lithium salt lake project is a combination of halogenide between evaporated crystals and the crack hole.
The company has established a major management and technical team for the 30-project, which will be launched as soon as the completion of the project is complete.
Project construction. Phase I of the project will design the production of 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2023; with sedimentation as the main line process, the process will be simple, low-energy, low-production costs, and the salt lakes surrounding the project will be used for better reliability.
Designed to produce 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year on the basis of minimal financing, the Advisory Body undertook a preliminary study of the project's expansion conditions, using evaporation techniques, with the potential to produce 40,000-60,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year in salt lakes, and the company will fully intensify its technical research on the expansion of production on the basis of a first phase of work, and will submit a technology expansion programme in time to complete the relevant certification.
In addition, the company highlighted in its annual report the need to promote a rapid shift in resource advantages to economic and social benefits, to accelerate the collapse of the 30 Lithium Salt Lake project in Argentina, and to promote electrolysis of copper, phosphate, and hydrogen.
We believe that the company has achieved a strategic extension in 2021, and that 2022 will be a crucial year for the company to achieve a breakthrough in the new energy materials for lithium electricity, opening up a new process that is accelerating, expanding the dynamic new energy materials industry, with clear medium- and long-term growth paths.
In the future, it is expected to join the world’s top-class international mining industry and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author