On February 23, 2022, the company announced the Kamoa-Cacura copper enhancement project.
On the basis of the launch of the second phase of the project in April this year, it is proposed that the design capacity of the first and second phases of the plant be increased from 7.6 million tonnes/year to 9.2 million tonnes/year and the annual copper production from 400,000 tonnes/year to 450,000 tonnes/year.
This is the fourth largest copper-producing mine in the world. Project progress continues to exceed expectations, with phase 2 being advanced to April for a test-car with material, and three are moving fast.
The production of copper concentrates was launched at the end of May 2021 at the first phase of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, which was successful for more than eight months, with the actual capacity of the plant being above 22 per cent of the design capacity and the copper recovery rate at 87 per cent, exceeding the design target of 85.6 per cent.
Ninety-three per cent of the work was nearing completion at the end of February, and progress was being made on the pre-trial test vehicle, with the production of the first copper concentrates planned for April 2022, several months ahead of the target set at the beginning of the year for the second quarter of 2022.
In addition, the third elective plant, which is larger in scale, is scheduled to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2024; the updated version of the pre-feasibility study for the Kamua-Cacura copper mine, which will cover three expansion plans, is expected to be released in the third quarter of 2022; and the third phase of construction, which will also include the design of a smelter producing 500,000 tons of copper annually.
Make full use of existing facilities, capital expansion costs can be controlled. This capacity upgrade will take full advantage of existing facilities in Phase I, Phase II \triangleright, and will invest approximately $50 million in some pipelines, equipment, and in the case of ongoing production.
On February 23, 2022, Ryan Weimlen was appointed as the new Managing Director of the Kamoa Copper Industry, effective June 1st, 2022. Mr. Wei Meiren was in the fields of underground and open-air mining.
1. The performance of the violet mining industry is assessed as an increase of 2021: copper gold production has more than 32 years of experience, while Mr. Jang Heung-hoon, also experienced with violet tubes, has been appointed as the Managing Director. The Kamoa mine is expected to continue its glory under the leadership of the two new leaders.
2. [People's Metals: Dynamics of the Company] Purple gold mining: Dragons, like the company's projects in 2022, will contribute to the increase in production. Copper blocks, three world-class copper mines, will be operational in 2022, reproducing purple gold at a speed.
This will be a significant increase, including 29-34 million tons of planned copper in Kamoa, and, as of the end of January 2022, Ka 3. Purple gold (60189) - quarterly report rating: Liao Moa-Cacura copper surfaces have been stored in excess of 4.4 million tons of ore and 4.61 per cent of the copper grade.
Super-forecast caps, continuing to look at the energy release of 4. Purple gold mining (601899) announces that prices are up and up, q1 performance doubles.
The release is expected to increase gold annual production by 12 tons and complete annual production planning, and it is expected to continue to take stock of the high growth in gold and copper production.
We're keeping a good look at the company's Alfa logic. Keeping up with the profit forecast, 2021-2023 is projected for \triangleright.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.