UV Mining (601899): Core Operating Rules 23 March 2022 Modelling Growth Group effects and technological innovations
In 2021, the company published its 2021 annual report. The company achieved business income of $22.51 billion.
The strong 398th, the global gold company 3rd, and the global gold medallion have contributed to a significant increase in corporate performance. The advantages of technological innovation have become the firm’s core competitiveness.
The company has extensive experience and strong technical advantages in geological surveying, mining design and operation, hydrometallurgical and resource recovery, large-scale engineering development management, etc.
To allow companies to conduct an autonomous survey of the amount of new copper, gold and zinc (lead) as a proportion of total corporate resources over the years, the “ores flow five-round” management model follows a flow of ore, from surveying to smelting and environmental protection towards efficient and effective integrated control and maximization of economies of scale (substantial natural collapse).
Technology and innovation advantages can help to increase the elasticity of the company ' s prices (in terms of increased storage of mining projects/low cost of access to mineral resources), improve the company ' s performance elasticity (low cost and efficient operation) and help the company maintain a high growth rate (capacity and high productivity growth).
The company has a large reserves of resources and expands to the new energy industry: the company is China’s company with the largest 52 weeks of mineral resources, and is the largest listed group with the largest reserves of gold and copper resources in the country.
In 13 countries around the world, mining projects are owned, with 74 per cent of offshore gold and 76 per cent of copper resources and 60 per cent of offshore gold and 53 per cent of copper production respectively. In addition, companies are actively developing new and emerging mineral resources, in addition to completing the launch of the 3q Salt Lake project in Argentina.
In view of the technical advantages of the company’s mineral resources exploration and construction operations, we believe that the company’s mineral resources reserves or the continuation of effective diversification.
Tons/309 tons. The company has become the fastest growing producer of copper in copper and copper in the world, and three of its world-class copper mining projects have gradually become operational (Camoa-Cacura/timok/Tarish dragons). Of these, tons of mineral copper, removal of dragon copper (an estimated 65,000 tons in 2022), and
The technology of the rtbbor ms and vk mine has been completed (about 70,000 tons of mineral copper), and we expect the public sector ' s copper production to rise to 930,000 tons by 2024, an increase of 59% from 2021. In addition, from the company ' s mineral gold plate, the expansion has been completed with 4,000 tons/day of Vuritika gold.
6.3 tons of equity mineral gold, or 9.1 tons after delivery, Guyana gold mining technology and process optimization Ton/day selection (approximately 5 tons of mineral gold contributed in 2022), 6,000 tons of mountain-west purple gold/day conversions Production of construction works (2022 q2 production, approximately 3.5 tons of additional annual mineral gold after delivery), Norton gold
S14,805,201001 Mt./year technological change and process optimization completed (2.5 additional tons of gold, 2022 mineral gold)
In 2021, the company registered an overall increase of 46.2% in the total cost of ore raw materials, with 11.27 pct to 58.98%. The production cost of mineral gold and copper fell by 0.66% (to date), respectively.
176.22 (g) and 9.46 (to $18194 (tonne). Given the completion of the company and the mining/smelting process, there are further expectations of the benefits of the company's size, we believe that the company as a whole is the source of financial prosperity in the East.
• The company has started to expand and accelerate the creation of the esg system to new energy sources: the company has started to access metal mineral resources associated with new energy sources, such as lithium cobalt nickel, and has set up a new energy and materials research institute. The company will later push phosphate lithium, high-performance alloying materials, electrolysis bronze, etc.
The modest extension of the company’s industrial chain in relation to clean energy-building helps companies to further transform the source advantage into a cost-effective one. In addition, firms accelerate the establishment of a highly internationalized governance system for esg, which contributes to the continued orderly development of companies’ operations abroad, while the company’s latest esg
Ratings have been obtained in the consistent sustainable development index (SDI).  Profit prediction and investment rating: taking into account the spread of gold hedge premiums, liquidity premiums and exchange rate premiums, the trend expansion of yeast and global physical holdings, the average price of the renminbi gold or the maintenance of 400 yuan/g.
On top. Copper prices remain strong due to mineral supply constraints and the expansion of new energy demand, and, from a long-term perspective, the continued tight balance between copper supply and demand is expected to lead to high copper prices remaining on track until 2023, with less than anticipated risks in project mobilization and technological improvements, exchange rate fluctuations and the country where the project is located.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Purple Mining (601899).
He was the investment manager of the East Hing Asset Management Programme (cta) and the general manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Department. He was awarded the second prize for joint research on futures and the third prize for joint research on futures of the China Financial Exchange (CIFE); he was awarded the silver and multimedia copper prizes for the Chinese company ' s futures and the soybean futures of the Dalian commodity exchange.
Three prizes, KIM Kim’s share, refers to the right to a future as a prize in a competition with a market competitor. Has been a writer of Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal, and has been working on his own research ideas. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.