The reasons for this report are: the annual reports, the rapid growth of engineering machinery and heavy cards.
On March 31, an on-line performance launch was held, in 2020, with revenue of 1974 91 million yuan, an increase of 13.27 per cent over the same period. The net benefit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was the reverse growth in engineering machinery and heavy card industries in the wake of the epidemic.
\triangleright is growing, company sales have increased significantly, with engine sales +32.21%, gear +18.36%, and bridge +39.66%. Other business such as smart logistics, other business
The policy promotes the phase-out of motor vehicles and the rigorous examination of overloads for industrial development.
Upgraded, after the implementation of country 6, the country’s three-car model was phased out, and the country’s four-car model and five-car type faced a number of restrictions. At the same time, light-card governance was tightened, single-car capacity was reduced, and additional transport requirements were created.
There will be a gradual shift towards compliance with blue cards, yellow cards, and yellow cards, medium and heavy. In addition, the demand for specialized vehicles, such as courier logistics, urban distribution, sanitation, etc., will increase significantly, with multiple factors contributing to further improvements in corporate performance.
Technology pre-empts carbon peaks for carbon neutrality. The company's product lines are rich and its market share in the more popular heavy-carat natural gas engines remains first; in the case of diesel engines, the company has issued a global first-ever breakthrough of 50 per cent in the thermal efficiency commercialization of diesel engines;
With regard to new energy sources, the company has also deployed a variety of “fuel cell plus motor plus pure electric power” companies that are technologically ahead, have a rich product line, have been performing steadily over the years, and are expected to remain fast in the context of governance overload, the “Blue Sky defense” and industry recovery.
28th floor of Trade Center, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, 28th Main Rixie Street, Beijing City, 7th floor of the Interstate Center.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, and I will not.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.