Tonway shares (600438.sh) buy (first rating) silicon and battery blades lead the way, and the dichotomy of photovoltaic production dragons, the low-cost, high-quality multi-crystal silicon capacity of companies, begin to be released and progress steadily towards the global silicon tap.
Starting with 2018q4, the high-quality, low-cost new production capacity of domestic multi-crystal silicon, represented by truncheon, will begin to be concentrated, releasing and accelerating the replacement of multi-crystal silicon imports, while companies will move into the global silicon pipeline. We measure global multi-crystal silicon demand from 2018 to 2020 at 39, 42, 460,000 tons, respectively.
Global multi-crystal silicon capacity at 60, 700,000 tons at the end of 2018, and based on the theory that “the multi-crystal silicon price is supported by the cash cost of marginal capacity”, we judge that the 2019 multi-crystal silicon price will fluctuate mainly between 7.0 to 85,000 yuan/tons.
The cost of new capacity has been reduced by more than 30%, and the existing LTA’s orders cover almost all productive capacity after delivery. Battery films focus on efficient perc, producing the highest and lowest cost, competing with traditional giants; and Europe’s double-reverse cancellation and lower capital spending on downstream assembly plants favouring corporate sales of battery chips.
At the end of 2018, the company will be able to produce 10.9gw, with an efficient perc capacity of 10gw, and the world’s first, planning capacity for the next 3-5 years will be more than 30gw after delivery. The company will be positioned as the lowest, most efficient, independent battery supplier, with the greatest added value in participating fully in the photovolt industry chain.
At the same time, the high manufacturing chain circumvented the fierce competition with traditional giants in the end-component market. In September 2018, the European Union lifted the limousine counter-mip price-limits, which had been largely occupied by Taiwan Battery Producers, and was expected to be taken back by mainland businesses in a short period of time; in addition, 531 were new.
Post-policing domestic integrated component enterprises have generally reduced capital spending, slowed the expansion of high-efficiency batteries and investment in technology, and, against a backdrop of strong demands for efficiency in the end-station area, the demand for high-efficiency battery fragments out of component plants improved the hydro-feeding climate and the taps benefited from increased concentration.
In the context of efficiency gains in the aquaculture sector, structural growth in demand for special and inflated materials is expected. The aquaculture feed industry is entering the phase of scalding, with companies fine-tuning their structures, strong technologies, increased services, and a positive response to new trends in the industry and robust growth.
With a significant increase in the volume of silicon and battery fragments from photovoltaic operations in 2019, although the average sales price will be (8621) 61357595, the company Pe, pb valuation is currently at a historically low level, and we use the segment valuation method to estimate the company.
Short-term photovoltaic products fall beyond expectations; domestic policies are falling short of expectations; global photovoltaics are being added, and the demand for aircraft is falling short of expectations.
In 2016, a photovoltaic asset injection was completed, with the core business taking the lead in the industry, and the company’s business consisted of both agriculture and new energy sources. Major agricultural operations included research, production and marketing of aquatic feed, animal feed, among which aquatic feed was the core product and main benefit of the plate.
Shareholders such as the Tungwei Group have acquired Yongxiang shares, compost, and the three public departments of the Tungwei New Energy, each entering into high-purity multi-crystal silicon production upstream, medium-swidth high-efficiency solar battery production and terminal tons, and 10.9gw, all of which occupy the vanguard of the industry. All three of the company’s core business will be accounted for in the future.
A steady increase in the city’s share of performance is achieved by means of size and cost advantages. Chart 1: Corporate core business (in the red box) and industrial chains Injection of luminous assets leads to a simultaneous increase in performance and profitability.
Do not complete the acquisition of Etsui shares and new energy and compost shares, leading to a significant increase in performance in 2016-17. The performance of 2018q1-q3 has grown steadily, with income and net profits of over half a profit from 21.390 billion manure operations, respectively. By 2018h1, the share of income from photovoltaic operations had risen to 42.5%.
The Māori ratio reached 59 per cent and the estimated net profit ratio was more than 50 per cent, with Sichuan Yongxiang (silicon polycrystal and chemical) contributing $376 million, or 41 per cent, and Fertiliser (battery) contributing $13 million, or 14 per cent.
In 2017, polycrystal silicon and chemical, photovoltaic power, batteries and components, and forage, respectively, although multicrystal silicone and excess battery cell capacity will lead to a fall in the price of these two products in 19
But companies can make up for the impact of falling prices by releasing additional capacity. At the same time, significant cost advantages can guarantee the growth of corporate profits. Moreover, the size of photovoltaic power plants is growing rapidly, and the oil operations are rising steadily.
multi-crystal silicon: We believe that the price of multi-crystal silicon should fluctuate around the marginal energy cost line corresponding to the demand at a certain point, and that the cash cost position of that marginal capacity is supported. Based on the global demand of 115-120gw in 2019, considering supply-side changes, we judge that the first level of 2019 is a dense crystalline.
The average price of the sale of crystal silicon is 110,000 yuan per ton, 75,000 yuan per ton, 70,000 yuan per ton, with sales of 222,000 tons, 75,000 tons, 100,000 tons, Māori at 15%, 22%, 22%, etc. Annual price competition has intensified, but the volume can be increased by crushing the shares of the polycrystal and common monocrystal markets.
In 2018-20, the average tax-containing sales price of corporate single crystal batteries is expected to be 1.23/w, 1.00/w, 0.90/w, respectively, with sales reaching 3.3gw, 7.65gw, 10.8gw. The demand for multi-crystal batteries continues to shrink, with 19-year prices or lower prices, in the context of an adequate supply of efficient single crystal perc.
On the other hand, in the first half of 2018, the company completed the construction of a 100mw light-voltage power station in the U.S., which is about to open.
30mw light-voltage pro-poor power plants. Project sizes of epc are projected to be 130mw, 200mw in 2018-20, corporate leaders in multi-crystal silicon, battery chips and aquatic feed, and significant new capacity will be released between the end of 2018 and 2019, with significant cost and efficiency advantages that will ensure additional capacity for the company.
Using the divisional valuation method for the valuation of companies: photovoltaic power stations, photovoltaic manufacturing, and comparison of agricultural plates, the average value of the company perpe in 2019 was 8.2, 12.3, 17.3 times higher, taking into account the company’s lack of photovoltaic plates.
Figure 18: Corporate history pbband multi-crysilica: Low-cost new capacity entering the release peak, firms accelerating market expansion
Industry trends: New low-cost production starts to release, late production can be replaced with silicone imports,  luminous 531 New Deal demand slides, adding up to a large number of low-cost domestic polycrystal silicon enterprises since 2017.
A detailed assessment of the supply and supply situation was made and projected by sorting the production capacity and costs of each plant, the supporting points of the multi-crystal silicon prices of the various stages of the round, which ultimately judged the impact of this round on the future development and performance of the company ' s multi-crysilica operations.
Figure 19: Multi-crystal silicon block logical framework The results of the calculations show global multi-crystal silicon demand for 370 tons, 406,000 tons, tons, 47.3/647,000 tons in 2018-20, respectively.
1. Global photovoltage demand projections: China, as the backbone of global photovoltage demand, contributed 52 per cent of the world ' s additional loaders in 2017. After the New Deal, China ' s photovoltage was projected to decline to 98gw in 2018-19 and to rise back to 115~120gw in 2019.
In the next two years, it is estimated to contribute 10-20% of the installed capacity. The United States uses large amounts of electricity, large reserves of gas, large alternatives, and electricity demand for electric cars, but it is constrained by the general level of policy support, which is expected to contribute.
In addition, emerging markets, such as Latin America, will be a new driver of global growth in light voltage. Photovoltaic power has already achieved side price parity in many European countries, and the EU minimum price limit for China’s continental photovoltaic product (mip) expired in September 18 and is expected to expire in September 18
The export of low-cost, high-quality photovoltaic products to Europe will further stimulate a recovery in light-voltage demand in Europe. 2. Component 2 silicon consumption measurement for single watts: the photovoltaic power station is installed from a component that is sealed with materials such as a battery plate and glass, aluminium frames, etc., made of silicon tablets that go through grid printing and so on, and silicon silicon.
Insinium/silicon rod cutting is formed, and silicon/silicon rod raw material is polysilicon. Silicon/silicon rod cutting is a combination of sand cutting, gold-slash cutting, single crystal silicon is now fully applied, and the multisilicone enterprise is almost finished cutting from sand to gold-silicon.
Transcision. Polycrystal-dry wire cutting, polycrystal-gold cutting, monocrystal-gold wire cutting, thin steel line cutting, low wear and tear, so silicon/silicon rod theory is significantly higher than sand cutting: 2) diamond cutting process is applied to single crystals for long periods of time and technological maturity, so silicon loss.
Rates are lower than when applied to polycrystals: 3) monocrystal conversion is more efficient, with polycrystal silicon cutting usually occurring in batteries, so the interlacing of the silicon process is also higher than polycrystal silicon cutting, and high transformation efficiency means that the equivalent area of the battery is more powerful and thinner than silicon per watt; 4) monocrystal cell spectroscopy effect
The difference in qe results in a higher efficiency loss (ctm loss) than a multi-crystal ratio forecast for single-crystal demand. According to the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, single-crystal production was 52.7% in the first half of 2018, while single-crystal production was 41% in 2017.
These rates are expected to be 31% and 32.3%, respectively, and single crystal capture of the downstream load demand is expected to spread rapidly and achieve full application in single crystal silicon companies in the country in 2018-20. However, due to the high rate of reflectivity of multiple crystal silicone silicon cut by the diamond line, it was expected that the process would continue in 2017 after the application of the black silicon technology in the battery silicon chain.
In 2017, of the 38 silicone enterprises that were counted, the proportion of silicone cut has reached about 37.5%. In the first half of 2018, silicone cut equipment was significantly upgraded, and the silicone cut became the dominant process of multiple silicone slices.
Combined with the cpia projections, it is expected to maintain 100% of single crystals in the period 2018-20, and 5. Multi-crystal silicon requirements are measured. Combined with measured installed machine requirements (gw) and single-watt silicon consumption (g/w), the global production of tons is roughly matched. The measurements show global multi-crystal silicon demand for 2018-20, respectively.
38.90 million tons, 42.25 million tons, 463,000 tons. Photovoltaic crystal silicon downstream, 83 per cent of global production of silicon in 2017 came from China, so, while domestic installed demand was only 35-40 per cent, it was expected to account for about 80 per cent of total global demand, so domestic demand for silicone in 2018-20 was too high.
The demand for silicon is 311,000 tons, 325,000 tons, and 37 million tons, respectively. 6. Multi-crystal silicon energy growth is forecast. According to Silicon Division statistics on the capacity of multi-crystal silicon enterprises, by the end of October 2018, there were 19 multi-crystal silicon enterprises (including normal inspection enterprises) in the country.
At the end of the year, the annual domestic/global multi-crystal silicon capacity was 514,000 tonnes/704,000 tonnes. The capacity in 2018/19 was to be supplied separately for the year 2018-20.
▪ The depreciation cost of multi-crystal silicon lines is larger, the cost of restarting is higher, and once production is operational, it will not be easily discontinued or the rate of start-up reduced: from a cost point of view, expenses such as depreciation and financial costs (or even manual) will not be reduced as a result of a reduction in production/cut-off, so as long as the product price is higher than the cost of cash, the start-up will take place
Positive cash flows. Logically, we believe that firms cannot sustain production for the long term when the price of the product is lower than their cash cost, so multi-crystal silicon prices should fluctuate around the marginal output cost line corresponding to the demand at a given point, and be supported in the position of the cash cost of the marginal capacity.
▪ It needs to be added that, for some of the cash costs that are located within the safe zone but are relatively high-cost production capacity, since the lowest price of the capacity to produce cannot cover the cost of production, it is not likely that the output will cease but the profits may be negative and the lowest price that would arise in the process of the capacity to produce will not be sustainable.
At the same time, it should be noted that, in addition to the relative relationship between the cost curve and demand, temporary factors such as changes in the stock strategy of silicon and silicon enterprises, normal shutdowns and repairs will also have a significant impact on multi-crystal silicon.
In the early years, our multi-crystal silicon cost was high, and competition with foreign manufacturers was insufficient. Since 2012, core equipment has been nationalized, single-line capacity has been growing, and brought up.
The cost of moving our multi-crystal silicon continues to decline.  The cash cost of the global multi-crystal silicon capacity at the end of 2018 is ranked from low to high, combined with the results of the 2019 multi-crysilica demand measurements, and is matched by the marginal capacity of the 2019 balance of supply and demand.
Gold costs, i.e. the 2019 polycrystal silicon theoretical price support point of 76,000 yuan/tonne. While some repairs are needed in 2020, 106,000 tons of additional production capacity were released in 2019, and if these expansion schemes were to be scheduled, the average polycrystal silicon price could fall below 70,000 yuan/tonne in 2020.
Over 2019h1 crystals of silicon energy released centrally, with prices moving or going “upwards and downs”: on the supply side, of the new capacity in 2018, 60,000 tons came into production on 28 October, Xinjiang 10,000 tons came into production in mid-October, and Tung Wai and 25,000 tons each in Sichuan on 30 October.
By the end of the year, there will be 28 million tons of production capacity in the Asian silicon industry, hope for the East, and other producers, of which the expansion project started in the first half of 2018 and is expected to start in 2019.
During the first half of the year, production was gradually achieved in the third quarter; at the end of Xinjiang q1 and q2 in 2019, capacity would reach 30,000 and 35,000 tonnes, respectively, and at the end of Xinjiang 35,000 tonnes/year of 4a of Xinjiang, which was currently under construction, we measured effective supply of more than 122,000 tonnes of silicon from 2018q4 to 2019q4 respectively.
1410,000 tonnes, 155,000 tonnes, 160.000 tonnes, 164,000 tonnes (not taking into account seasonal repairs), i.e., production, are projected to require 16.5gw, 30gw, 36.5gw, 32gw, corresponding to 6.1, 11.1, 135,000 and 118,000 tonnes of polycrystal silicon, respectively.
Low-demand-cum-capable energy is released, highlighting the conflicting supply and demand of more than q1 crystal silicon next year, starting with a q2 supply and demand gap that will ease as demand grows and output release draws to an end. If one quarter of high-cost capacity is phased out by intense industrial competition, then the supply and demand patterns of the third and fourth quarters of next year will be reduced.
It will be further improved. Moreover, low-cost start-up start-up firms should have sufficient motivation to opt out at a staged low price to force high-cost production, so we expect that more than 209q1 crystalline silicon prices can be clearly explored and even extremely low in a short period of time, but q2 will gradually rise.
Figure 28: Polycrystal silicon supply and demand in 2019. Prices. Figure 29 shows production capacity at the end of 2018, without taking into account the capacity to climb the slope and the additional capacity in 2019.
The cash cost of producing capacity will be as low as $45,000 per tonne (in real terms, the business chooses to stop doing repairs in the low season, or changes in the enterprise ' s inventory strategy after the price of the product falls, at a rate that will probably not bring the price down to that level), and the cost of marginal production capacity, corresponding to improved supply and demand of q2~q4, will move to $60,000 per ton ~ 76,000 per ton.
Figure 29: Multi-crystal silicon supply and demand patterns and price analysis in 2019 will gradually move towards import substitution.  With the release of low-cost domestic production capacity in 2019, it will crowd out the market share of overseas producers and change the country’s multi-crystal silicon.
Import dependence patterns. According to our projections of the price of polysilica, in 2019 only a handful of overseas producers, such as Oci, Vak and others, would have 10 to 110,000 tons of capacity to work, representing about 20 to 30 per cent of the total global demand of 406,000 tons, i.e., domestic production of polysilica, which would be around 20 to 30 per cent.
▪ In fact, with the gradual release of domestic multi-crystal silicon capacity between the end of 2017 and the beginning of 2018, import substitution has begun, with a multi-crystal silicon production of 140.6 million tons in 2018h1 and an import volume of 67,000 tons, with a combined consumption of 20.76 million tons and a 32 per cent reduction in import dependency of 2018h1, 8 percentage points from 2017.
Combined with domestic multi-crystal silicon demand and domestic and foreign production costs in 2019-20, import dependence is expected to decline to around 15 per cent in 2019, with full import substitution in 2020.
Figure 31: The dependence of our multi-crystal silicon imports is gradually declining
In one case, 25,000 tons each will be ready for production by the end of 18th year, and in the second phase, the company ' s nominal capacity will increase from 20,000 tons in 2018 to 70,000 tons in 2018, the actual release of capacity in 2019 is expected to reach more than 80,000 tons, and in the second phase, the nominal capacity will increase to 120,000 tons in the postnatal period.
In August 2017, the company announced an investment of 8 billion yuan to produce 50,000 tons of silicone per year. In the first phase, 25 million tons of capacity were invested, and construction began at 4 billion yuan by the end of 2017, and is expected to start by the end of 2018.
Production projects. Construction began in October 2017, with an investment of 4 billion yuan in productive capacity, and was completed on 30 October 2018, with a projected production capacity of 2,000 tons in December 1818.
The cost of polycrystal silicon consists mainly of raw materials (silicon powder, hydrogen gas), energy consumption (electricity, steam), depreciation, labour and other costs. The company currently has 20,000 tons of capacity production costs of 59,000 yuan per ton, and cash costs of 46,000 yuan per ton.
Assuming that real annual production can reach 30-35 million tonnes, the new capacity is expected to achieve production costs of up to RMB 40,000/t, and cash costs of up to RMB 30,000/t, which is more than 30% lower than the current capacity.
In the second and second phases of the production of 25,000 tons of productive capacity in 2020, low-cost new production capacity will reduce the weighted average production cost of company multi-crysilica products to below $45,000 per tonne, a reduction of more than 25 per cent. Moreover, the global market for company multi-crysilica is expected to grow from 3.7 per cent in 2017 after the release of productive capacity.
• There are sufficient purchase orders in the Association of Trade Unions to absorb production. By signing letters of intent for strategic cooperation, the company and a number of high-quality downstream clients have agreed on a cooperative approach to the volume of purchases over the next three years. As of May 2018, the existing purchase orders and intended purchases had been able to cover the sheer volume of the company's new projects after delivery.
The company announced on 22 May 2018 a major sales contract with Lungi for a 2.5-year period, and agreed on a combined sale of polysilica to Lungi shares from May 2018 to December 2020.
55,000 tons, of which 4,000 tons were sold between May and December 2018, combined sales in 2019, and about 70,000 tons of polycrystal silicon purchased from Tungsu shares for the period 2018-2021, of which sustainability: cost advantages are more difficult to replicate and entry thresholds continue to rise
▪ Although the process of completion requires that the price be lower than the cash cost of the competitor for a longer period of time in order to put an end to the other party's capacity, the theory of stopping new entrants after all the backward capacity has been eliminated is that the price should be maintained at a level that prevents the other party from obtaining reasonable profits.
It is more difficult to consider entry if the costs are to be commensurate with those of the remaining enterprises after the completion of the production capacity. The industry threshold will increase from the point of view of technology requirements and the size of the investment.
The cost advantages that mainstream manufacturers gain from these methods are difficult to replicate by new entrants:
(a) Equipment nationalization: Sichuan Endosuo, with many years of industry experience and long-term collaboration with equipment manufacturers, can select the most efficient, suitable and cost-effective equipment;
(a) Low cost and electricity consumption levels are well below industry averages, 62 kwh/kg in 2017, far below industry average 73kwh/kg, and technology is more difficult to replicate;
And on a larger scale, size allows firms to obtain lower electricity prices, for example, through direct electricity purchases by large users, and new entrants have difficulty obtaining competitive electricity prices because of initial size constraints. The entry threshold for the industries is rising.
In terms of profit margins, industry entry thresholds have also continued to rise: Trends in scale: new capacity has been growing since 2007, with expansions in 2017 of about 40,000 tons (large-scale expansions are being phased in and actual projects are also taking place)
Scaled scale helps spread fixed costs and improve bargaining power, but requires higher initial investment and greater demand for funds. Future rationalization of profit margins for mainstream producers: current leaders such as Equivalent, Full, and New Special Energy
The multi-crystal silicon ratio remains at over 40%, and the downward pressure of the industrial chain in the context of excess capacity will be more passed on to the multi-crystal silicon chain. In the future, the multi-crystal silicon price will fall, the high-quality vendor profit ratio will be rationalized, and ordinary producers will find it difficult to make a reasonable profit.
Batteries: low-cost + efficient, leading to lower demand for downstream loadings after the top independent battery vendor worldwide 531 policy, forcing integrated assembly plants to shrink capital spending, slowing down the pace at which production techniques are upgraded, while the efficiency of existing batteries is difficult to meet efficiency requirements, and high-efficiency batteries are expected
The demand for outsourcing will increase, and companies will benefit fully as the world’s leading independent battery countermasters for efficient single crystal perc production. Moreover, Europe’s double back ended in September 18, with the elimination of the floor price cap mechanism, is not competitive in this respect, and China’s mainland battery is expected to quickly regain its share of the European market.
Demand increment 1: The efficiency reduction claim increases the capacity gap of the integrated manufacturer  Needs positioning: the power gap of the integrated battery manufacturer . Solar cell is the largest cost component of the downstream component, and the main component manufacturer has battery capacity, but because of the battery
In order to reduce the loss of production when downstream demand fluctuates, the battery output of the integrated battery assembly manufacturer is generally smaller than that of the component, with a capacity gap of about 20% to 50%. The company currently has no component business (350mw component capacity).
The acquisition of Jiang Xi Savi, the production supply company built its own power station, and there was no outlet), so the company was positioned as an independent power-dispensor, an integrated manufacturer was a client of the company and not a competitor, and an integrated manufacturer ' s lack of capacity was an independent supplier ' s demand.
▪ High investment and rapid technological progress in cellular production units means that the industry has a strong post-development advantage. The older parts of the battery production capacity of component enterprises may be cut off/reduced because they are less efficient, more productive, and less capable of meeting the end demand, thus creating a gap in the efficient capacity of integrated manufacturers
In addition, in recent days, the Energy Agency has issued an important notice on accelerating the wind-drilling, electricity-fibre, photovoltaic-free Internet access (the report on accelerating wind-drilling, photovoltaic parity).
From 2019 onwards, it is expected that non-state-subsidized parity projects will be an important support for domestic end demand. An impact reduction will be a constant theme.
The initial investment costs for photovoltaic power stations can be divided into: 1) component costs, which account for about 50%; 2) power-related bos costs, such as land, staircases, manpower, etc., which account for about 20%; 3) power-related bos costs, such as inverters, boosters, etc.
The unit investment in the system can be reduced by increasing the power of the component by amortizing the cost of the bos, and the key to increasing the power of the component is to improve the efficiency of the battery plate conversion (ctm losses are generally less than 5%). With regard to the generation of electricity, the current increase in power generation is mainly in the form of double-sided power generation.
With back-fired power generation, the technology generates 5 to 30% of the power gain, superimposed on more efficient battery fragments, so either way to reduce the cost of electricity, improving the conversion efficiency of battery fragments is the core. Increased demand for high-efficiency batteries will increase the energy gap for integrated manufacturers, one.
In parallel with a positive technological shift to more efficient production, the physical manufacturers will also tend to increase the outsourcing of high-efficiency batteries, and we judge that the demand for independent suppliers for high-efficiency batteries has increased. After the 531 policy, integrated manufacturers have reduced capital spending, and the rate of efficient battery production capacity gaps has slowed.
Integrated component plants are forced to shrink capital spending, slow down the pace of upgrading of production technologies, and the efficiency of existing battery fragments is difficult to meet the increasing efficiency requirements, with the expected increase in the out-sourcing of high-efficiency batteries, the company becoming the world ' s leading independent battery supplier of high-efficiency single crystal perc capacity or the resulting increase in the volume of output.
The results of the first double counter-survey were from 6 August 2013 to 7 December 2017 (after 12 months)
The price commitment programme was implemented, with 94 participating Chinese photovoltaic enterprises exporting Europe ' s lowest promised prices and export caps of Euro0.57/w and Euro7gw/year, respectively. The second double counter-survey Euro/w, with a single crystal battery minimum price of Euro0.21-0.23/w.
The export price of Taiwan's main competitor's battery is far below the minimum price during the period when the continental battery is subject to the EU price limit. While the relatively high minimum price allows the mainland manufacturer to export the EU battery with a higher profit margin, the high price also led to a decline in European market occupancy, which was out of the mainland in 2011.
Seventy% of the PV fragments went to Europe, and the share fell to about 12% in January-August 2018.  In fact, the cost of the battery fragments was much higher than that of the mainland manufacturer, who could have eliminated Taiwan’s capacity while maintaining a reasonable profit margin.
Competitor: Taiwan’s independent supplier costs and efficiency are completely uncompetitive  Taiwan’s photovoltaic battery production is second only to the mainland and 60–70% of orders are sold to mainland or continental producers
In South-East Asia, overseas assembly plants competed directly with companies. Taiwan’s battery production capacity was built early, equipment was inefficient, and the level of cost-control control was less competitive, with non-silicon costs far higher than Tungwei (figure 46).
The price of the 70% silicon market is relatively uniform, and there is a small gap between manufacturers, so nonsilicon costs are high enough to lead to low-priced and less competitive batteries. In recent years, most plants have been in a state of loss under the double pressure of low-cost domestic production capacity and lower prices in downstream supply chains.
▪ In October 2017, Taiwan's main battery producers, Jing Jing Jing, New Sunshine, Sunshine Power, announced the merger, which is expected to be completed in the third quarter of this year, by a new light that absorbs two other companies. On 16 October, the boards of directors of companies decided to sign the merger.
The combined total output capacity is 5gw, with an efficient perc capacity of 1.8gw, a downstream component capacity of 720mw, and battery tablets still sold out. The three combined units will receive funding support from the Taiwan Local Government Development Fund of $4.5-5 billion, and are expected to raise the component capacity to 3gw in the next 2 to 3 years.
After consolidation, the sale of batteries still needs to compete in the market at the core of cost and efficiency. In terms of efficiency, the existing production lines, except perc, are old, conversions are inefficient, and the spread of the three high-efficiency yields makes the integration of technological advantages challenging; in terms of cost, the ability to negotiate at the end of the purchase and the stability of the supply of silicon tablets.
The combination of the three major power stations makes it difficult to reverse the disadvantage of competing with mainland battery-sharers. And, in the context of efficiency demands, the lack of perc capacity will make it more difficult to increase the volume of goods delivered.
In addition to the three above-mentioned manufacturers, the unincorporated plants are in a very difficult situation. In 2018, Modi, a former Taiwan-based battery-share manufacturer, continued to lose, and in June and September 18, as a result of downloading orders, did not shut down the Taiwan and Suzhou subsidiaries.
Outlook analysis: Perc trends have been determined, the company will have the highest capacity, yield release performance has been achieved, and the perc battery has reached the peak in order to fill the productivity gap. In contrast to the above logic of increasing the need for high-efficiency battery films, the mainstream producers have accelerated their efficiency, rather than slowing down, since the New Deal.
Perc production layouts. Major plants such as Attez and Sky Concord speed up the acquisition of perc equipment for technological change, and a multi-chip route represents an active expansion of single crystal perc production. At the same time, single crystal perc battery replacement costs around 2.7 dollars per chip, and sex prices are more than priced and less efficient than the market.
The cost of replacing the crystal battery is expected to fall to about $1.70. By the end of 2018, the global perc capacity was expected to reach 80gw, and by mid-2019 it was expected to be more than 100gw, and the production of the non-single perc would be eliminated in a fierce competition.
At the end of 18th year, the company's perc capacity will be the highest in the world. The company now has the capacity to produce silicon crystals. 5.4gw. In January and November 2017, it announced that it would invest $5 billion and $12 billion in building its annual production.
4gw, annual production of 20gw single-crystal cells, built in the next 3-5 years. The currently under construction 5.5gw production capacity will reach 10.9gw by the end of 2018, of which the perc capacity will be 10gw, the world’s number one. Real electricity will be available by the end of 18 as a result of technological advances and efficiency gains.
The size of a postpartum company battery will exceed 30gw over the next three to five years. Moreover, the most advanced producers of perc capacity are basically integrated and do not compete directly with the company.
Cost advantage in enabling energy to be released. With less depreciation, efficiency, low energy consumption, industrial increase of 4.0 Labour productivity, company battery not silicon costs are the lowest in the world, stable at 0.2-0.3 yuan/w and showing a constant downward trend, lower than the average industrial processing cost of 0.45 yuan/w as announced by industry associations
40% to 50%, with significant advantages compared to integrated firms like Lungi, Sky, Crystal, and Crystal Australia. The company has stable strategic clients depending on size, technology, and quality advantages, and has established long-term partnerships with nine of the top 10 components globally.
Absorption and crowding out of the market share of competitors, such as plants, have led to a significant increase in the volume of battery fragments. Aquatic feed: improved temperature, taps benefiting from increased concentration. Aquaculture in the future: increased demand for aquaculture, limited fishing, and a shortage of farming.
▪ The enactment of the 1986 Fisheries Act brought to an end the way our fisheries have developed in the past 36 years as a “culture-based” approach, which has led to a new phase of “farm-based” development, which has since resulted in the fragmentation of aquaculture and aquaculture fisheries, a high increase in aquaculture production and a rise in aquaculture production.
A series of policies that began in 2016, targeting aquaculture and fishing, show that the aquatic sector is entering a new phase of green development with “promotion efficiency” at its core.
The fishing season has been prolonged, and the 13th Plan is to reduce the amount of fish caught and to catch fish from restricted farming. Overfishing can lead to the depletion of fishery resources and harm the ecosystem, so our system of seasoned fishing has been in operation since 1995 and now covers the Yellow Sea, the Pang Sea, the East Sea, and the South Sea.
The Ministry of Agriculture realigned and established a system for the start of the season fishing of the sea, which began on 1 May for all sea areas of the country, and extended it by half a month to one month, compared to the previous one, the longest fishing season in history, with a reduction in the yield of water.
By 2020, domestic marine catches will be reduced by more than 3.150,000 tons, or more than 24 per cent, compared to 2015. Reductions in fish catches will be partially complemented by aquaculture, especially efficient and healthy aquaculture.
The farming structure will be optimized: in the new phase of quantitative improvement, the share of breeding stock and high-end feed will increase, environmental protection will increase, and aquaculture will increase.
Water production, in combination with feed, covers 40% to about 50%, and large numbers of farmers are still using inefficient farming methods such as natural feed, subsistence feed, and feed fish. Unreasonable farming practices not only are inefficient, but also lead to environmental problems such as eutrophication of water bodies.
In the case of net-breeding, which is generally based on self-matching or natural feed, which is widely popular among farmers because of flexibility, water suitability, low cost and high yield, the development of net-breeding is disorderly, the number of overplanned and undocumented farm-breeding households is high, and the number of farm-breeding plants is highly dense and intensive.
Organic matter, such as fish and fish excreta, and fish residues, enter water bodies in large quantities, adding to their eutrophication. Most of the nets are located in open waters such as lakes, reservoirs, and ditches, where sewage discharges directly, spreading behind which it is difficult to control and contaminate whole areas of water.
This is accompanied by the development of beach-painting planning and the division of farmed waters into farming areas/restricted farming areas/restricted breeding areas in order to optimize the aquaculture layout, which is expected to increase in the proportion of highly efficient and healthy breeders.
Since 2013, aquaculture has slowed down, with negative growth in 2016 (1.4%), with freshwater farming increasing by 0.5% and mariculture growing by 6.5%. The dismantling of our netboxes is still under way, and the area of aquaculture is likely to increase further under future beach paint planning.
In the absence of growth in the area of farming, farmers will increase their harvests by increasing the single yield or the value of the product, and the demand for special farm feed and for the expansion of the feed will increase structurally. In the case of special aquaculture, demand for special water products, such as big gate crabs, has increased in recent years, and the economic value of the product will be higher.
Higher/high farm yields also contribute to higher yields of special aqueous feed. Inflated feed, although at a slightly higher price compared to ordinary granules, is the result of a low growth rate/powder coefficient/high protein efficiency and consumption rates, and annual increases in farm production and unit intakes
The current logic of the industry is to integrate mergers and increase concentration. The current concentration of the aquatic feed industry is more than that of the water feed industry.
Low, with industry leading by 25% and industry leading by 50% and industry by no more than 15%, there is still room for improvement. There has been intense competition in the water feed industry in recent years, and the number of businesses has declined significantly. These two points correspond to the characteristics of the mid-point of the scale phase of the industry ' s evolution s curve: competition.
In the future, leading firms will continue to grow, especially at the top.  Small feeder plants are less competitive: competition in the aquatic feed sector is fragmented because of the large size of the past, and because of the high level of livestock production.
Small feed plants tend to develop in conjunction with regional farming, but small feeder plants are monolithic, service weak, and quality fluctuates in response to changes in feed prices, and are less competitive in combination. Moreover, special aquaculture, which has grown in demand in recent years, is concentrated, with the government promoting “one city, one product.”
▪ Large-scale feed plants have a strong capacity to produce efficiency and are more responsive to current developments in the industry: there is a tendency in the aquaculture sector to farm instead of fishing, and aquaculture efficiency is imperative. More than half of the domestic feed industry is only processing, and is unable to match capital, technology, and research and development in terms of efficiency gains.
• To adjust structures, technologies, services, and companies actively to the new trends in the industry. The aquaculture industry is entering a phase of improvement, beach-painting planning is strengthening the planning of aquaculture waters, inefficient and decentralized net-creage farming is decreasing, and the demand for specialized aquaculture is increasing, implying that downstream aquaculture will also be in a phase of scale.
In the future, bulk farming will be replaced by large and medium-scale farming, aquaculture will become more professional and efficient, and demand for efficient farming techniques, high-quality functional feed, special feed, and inflated materials will increase.
Products: Focusing on new and efficient products that are so badly needed in the market and developing functional aquatic feed such as , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , etc.
At the same time, raising the share of aquatic feed in total feed and increasing the proportion of special feed and high-end products such as inflated feed. Forage, shrimp, and functional feed were inflated in 2017.
High-end products account for more than 40% of aqueous feed. Patterns: Deepening research into new aquaculture models that are represented by “fishing a pond with light” and “plant closed intelligence farming.”
Services: Innovations have been introduced in the areas of animal health services, farm design, testing services, and in conjunction with the transformation of marketing, the full-scale and process-wide service to farm terminals. A web-based platform, Carbine Powder, has been established at the core of the promotion of the 365-Utwe advanced farming model and cutting-edge technology
“3-minute response, 1-hour online response, 8-hour on-site resolution” rapid response service model, which provides a one-stop shop for farmers. Marketing: full promotion of the “365” Aquatic science farming model, promotion of the intellectualization of aquaculture,
Automation and scale, with high-quality seedlings, vaccinations, financial guarantees, etc., running through the customer farming process, increasing company competitiveness and customer glue. Second, increasing direct marketing and quality customer development, shortening channels and intermediaries, on the one hand, and marketing services, on the other.
In the reporting period, direct sales of company feed to customers increased by 23.36%, or 9.45 percentage points: the number of high-quality customers of aquatic feed increased by 19%.
Cost control: In the area of procurement, increase strategic cooperation with suppliers of raw materials, especially high concentration, transparent market information, and reduce procurement costs while ensuring greater compliance, security of supply and efficiency of procurement. In the area of production, further efficiency gains and automation are achieved
To accelerate the spread of self-motivated and mechanized equipment such as forklift pallets, loaders, auto-packaging machines, and automated-coded-ware systems, per capita production rose by 10.21 per cent throughout the year.
Figure 67: Increase in direct sales of company feed, Māori ratio is higher than distribution Value added to primary fish to adjust fish to improve water 3 species of fish mix
Quality, to adjust the bottom fish to improve the substrate, coupled with blending, precise combination feeding, balanced aerobics, algal fungi.
"I" technology, bottom drainage control, fish disease defence, linguistic technology
The full-basket feed coefficient can be reduced by more than 0.1, and the demand for photovoltaic terminals is not as high as expected: if the global demand for additional photovoltaic loaders falls short of expectations due to domestic policy tightening and demand from overseas, etc.
The sales and sales prices of pool products have had a negative impact on performance. In the light of the industry’s low season, a gradual, higher than expected drop in the price of photovoltaic products (although the subsequent rate is likely to rebound) could have a negative impact on the realization of company performance projections.
• The introduction of a national policy on photovoltaics has not been as forthcoming as expected: the recent warming of the photovoltaic industry at the government level has raised market expectations of policy formulation and may have had a negative impact on the valuation of the plate if the actual policy is not as high as expected.
The policy in the area of aquaculture has not been implemented as much as expected, and the ratio of light-voltage operations has increased or increased the pressure on companies to run cash flows. Forage stocks and receivables have been working for less than light-voltage days, and the policy of light-voltage 531 has resulted in an overall extension of the industrial chain period.
Figure 68: Company inventory, accounts receivable and turnover days Analysis of rates of related reports in the market indicates:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment