For the first time, Tungway shares (600438.sh) covered the report, the first night of the luminous new cycle, the first night of the combined advantage.
On November 05, 2018, a world-class leader flew on two wings with a good base-based support agriculture + photovoltaics. The company was listed mainly in feed business, director Tonway shares (600438.sh).
Mr. Liu Han Won, from his technical background, attaches great importance to technology and the pool of talent, and has a strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the Consortium has been making a forward-looking layout of the photovoltaic plate since 2006, and in 2016, the company of the Acquisition Group has been in the field of batteries in reverse cycles and has since grown into a world class, with a clear competitive advantage; and the “Fisheries One” power station.
The company’s current equity structure is concentrated, and there is scope for the future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) to develop.
In the long run, the clean energy, represented by photovoltaics, has wide scope, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photovoltaic rate-to-return calculation model, which, by modelling, we believe, will gradually recover in the second half of 2019.
In terms of the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain, which is more space-intensive, is the most well-placed. The company’s multi-crystal silicon business has a clear advantage, and it is expected to continue to push for import substitution and industrial upgrading.
Industry, with high technology and cost thresholds, is expected to form a new oligopoly pattern in the future, allowing companies to maintain a higher level of profitability. By 2015, the company completed the conversion of cold-hydrogen energy efficiency, building the “chemical-photo-voltaic” circular economic chain, followed by technological upgrading, process optimization, cost and quality advantages.
With the company’s high-quality, low-cost productive capacity released in the future, the company’s market share is expected to continue to rise, and it will also drive the industry toward higher-quality levels and create higher barriers to industry. A firm expansion of production will lead to a battery plate, with cost advantages and zero-credit models that guarantee good profitability and cash flow.
The company has reduced the cost of battery processing to less than 0.3 w with the application of automated equipment and very high cost control capabilities, maintaining a better profitability under current product price pressure. The company is constantly improving the efficiency and power of battery tablets and components through continuous research and development inputs.
Building on the quality of high-quality products, the company has established long-term partnerships with nine of the world’s top 10 component manufacturers, and has secured good cash flows through the sale of zero credit loans. *543 down on the strategy to speed up the process of accessing the Internet at par, with the next cycle of power stations expected to grow rapidly.
The “543” reduction strategy has been in place for many years, and the combined cost of the power plant has now been reduced to within $5.w, and it was attempted to drop to $4.w in 2019, even cindasecuritiesco.ltd
Within 3 yuan/w, the company relies on the entire industrial chain layout, power station costs are controlled and of better quality than industry. The company has more than 300,000 families with good cooperative relationships, 10 million acres of water, 4 million acres of which can be supported by ponds.
The 110gw power station has wide scope for development; these operations are expected to lead to a better long-term cash flow for companies in the next industry development cycle, i.e., a price-free Internet cycle. Risk factors include: policy risks; less-than-expected productive capacity; disruption of production due to force majeure; and the risk of price volatility of raw materials.
I. Good root support agriculture + two wings of light and a new world-class tap. 1.1 Good root support companies successfully set up a photovoltaic industry.
The “channel metal tank” technique fills the gap in domestic aquaculture, and companies attach great importance to technological development and to the pool of talent. At the same time, as a leader in the feed industry, companies have a strong sense of cost control and become the foundation for their continued growth.
In 2016, the company acquired the company's permanent shares in the multi-crystal silicon business, the compost power of the battery plate business and the new power source of the power station operation, entering the city and forming a whole industry chain layout model with a clear upward trend in the company's revenue structure, while at the same time the company actively promoted the “light as one” development model.
Xiang, the eternal silicon industry was established in 2006 in the multi-silicon sector, and then increased in three phases to 15,000 tons in 2015. With the incorporation of listed companies, the capacity was further upgraded to 20,000 tons by technology. The company now has 25,000 tons of capacity, including first-hand production at the end of October, and Leysan production at the end of October.
The company’s multi-crystal silicon capacity will reach 70,000 tons by the end of 2018 to the beginning of 2019, and the company’s real capacity will reach 120% or even exceed the capacity of the design, which is expected to rise to 80,000 tons. Group companies have a prominent role in the industry’s countercyclical battery array business.
During the year, the company resumed production and, in addition to technologically upgrading its compost capacity, built new cell blocks in Sichuan Chengdu, currently with a total capacity of 5.4gw, with 2.3gw and Chengdu 3.2gw being built to reach production by the end of 2018 and early 2019, further expanding the corporate sector’s leading position. The “Fishet as One” power station is an organic combination of agriculture and luminous panels.
In 2016, 40 power generation projects, with a cumulative load of 848mw, were completed by June 2018 after being incorporated into listed companies. Figure 3: The shares of Tonway and the Group's photovoltaic business development history. Battery and component operations received the largest share of light voltage blocks, with additional production capacity continuously released, yielding $6,433 million in 2017, an increase of 71 per cent in production.
The multi-crystal silicon and chemical industries have improved their capacity through multi-crystal silicon techniques, while reducing their cost by $3.228 billion, an increase of 56 per cent in 2017, and a rise of around 41 per cent in Māori. In 2017, the company increased the size of its photovoltaic power generation by $793 million, an increase of 781 per cent, and cost amortization caused greater volatility in Māori rates due to the fact that the company’s power stations are only part of the total planned scale of the network.
Figure 5: Changes in the Māori ratio of corporate photovoltaic sub-products 1.2 Growth in the performance of the PV plate contributes to rapid overall performance growth. In terms of corporate performance as a whole, recent years have been marked by an increase in the size of the PV operation, a rapid increase in revenue, a double-digit growth in corporate revenue and a business start-up in 2017
Revenues of $26.89 billion increased by 25 per cent in the first half of 2018 by $12,461 million in the first half of 2018, an increase of 12 per cent in the second half of the year. Compared to the traditional feed business, the gross profit rate for photovoltaic operations is higher, with firm-wide Māori rates and net interest rates rising noticeably. Māori rates and net interest rates were 19.57 per cent and 7.48 per cent, respectively, in the first half of 2018.
Figure 6: Changes in corporate revenue and year-to-year ratios
The shareholders in the company are the Tonway Group, which holds 52.45% of the company’s shareholdings, and who actually controls Mr. Liu Han Won, who holds 80% and 20% of the shares in the Tonway Group, respectively, and her wife, Ms. Yamei. Mr. Liu has held the posts of Standing Committee of the Eleventh National Political Consultative Conference, Representative of the National People’s Congress, Executive President of the New Energy Chamber of the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the National Chamber of Commerce, Vice-President of the Chinese Association of Feeders and Vice-President of the China Forest Fisheries Economic Society.
Figure 10: Corporate governance structures (up to 2018.06) In the future, companies will focus on becoming world-class suppliers of safe food (water products) and world-class clean energy (photovoltaic) operators. The world-class lead business in the field of batteries and aquatic feed will continue to be consolidated along with the creation of a high-purity silicon world-class company.
II. Price-equal access to the Internet will contribute to the development of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain being the most favoured in the new cycle. 2.1 In the long term, there is wide scope for the development of clean energy, represented by photovoltaic, which has accounted for 60-70% of the global power generation mix since the 1970s.
By 2050, renewable energy will account for 64 per cent of global electricity generation, with wind power and photovoltaics accounting for 48 per cent. Bnef further predicts that by 2050, our share of renewable energy will be 62 per cent, Europe 87 per cent, the United States 55 per cent, and India 75 per cent.
Figure 11: Changes in the global energy structure to 2050: In terms of the current energy consumption structure of individual countries, the share of new energy consumption in Europe, Germany, the United Kingdom and Spain has exceeded 10%, while the share of new energy consumption in Asia, China, India, Japan, and the United States is around 4%. Traditional energy sources such as coal, oil, and natural gas are still dominant in the global energy consumption structure, with clean energy development.
Fire power continues to dominate, but the downward trend is more pronounced, both in terms of the share of electricity generated and the proportion of installed capacity. The share of electricity generated fell from 81% in 2010 to 71% in 2017, from 73% in 2010 to 62% in 2017, while the size of new sources of energy, represented by wind power and photovoltaic, continued to grow. By 2017, the size of solar power installed in the country was 163.67gw, and since 2010, the compound rate of growth was 143.56%, or the overall capacity.
7.3 per cent of the source structure, solar power generation amounted to 11,82 billion kWh, representing 1.8 per cent of total electricity generation, 2.2 the rapid growth of the industry led to a reversal of supply and demand, with the introduction of a policy to promote the photovoltaic industry in 2018, which directly contributed to the development of the domestic photovoltaic market in 2013, when the number of additional photovoltaics installed in the country rose by 269 per cent, exceeding the corresponding increase of 269 per cent.
Accumulated domestic installed capacity up to the end of 2012; a downward revision of the price of the PV poles in 2016 triggered a “630” grab, with an increase of 128.54gw in PVs in that year, or 128 per cent in the same year; in 2017, the price of centralized PVs was again revised downwards, but the price of distributed PVs remained constant, with a significant increase in PVs driving the growth of PVs in 2017 and 53.06gw in PVs in the country, or 54 per cent in the same year.
The growing size of photovoltaics has led to a growing gap in subsidies for photovoltaics. Meanwhile, the industry has been in the process of rapid growth over the past few years, with high prices and rates of profit from manufacturing end-products maintained, leading to increased investment at end-of-manufacture levels, with a reversal of supply and demand leading to a downward cycle in industry from 2018 to 2019. 531 New Deal accelerated the industry down-cycle. On 1 June 2018, the Commission, the Ministry of Finance and the Energy Agency issued a circular on matters related to photovoltaic power generation in 2018.
On the one hand, there are no arrangements for the construction of conventional photovoltaic power plants, the size of the distributed photovoltaic plants is around 10 gw: on the other hand, the price of the PV poles and the scale of the distributed power generation project “spontaneity, residual connections” are down.
Before the introduction of the 531 New Deal, the market generally anticipated that the capacity of our new photovoltaic installed capacity in 2018 would be around 45-50gw, and that it would be adjusted to 30-40gw after the introduction of the 531 New Deal. According to the National Energy Agency, 24.31gw of the country ' s additional photovoltaic installed power plant in the first half of 2018 was almost equal.
Of these, the PV station was reduced by 30 per cent in the same year; the distributed PV was 12.24gw, an increase of 72 per cent in the same year. In the second half of the year, the increase in installed machines was largely in the runners' line 5gw, the PV poverty alleviation project 4-5gw, together with a few distributional projects and the legacy indicators project.
In recent years, the price of light-voltage poles has been revised downwards, approaching a flat-priced Internet zone, and our current system of light-voltage tariffs has divided the country into three types of light-resource areas, with a flat price of $1.15/kwh (including taxes) for the three types of resources in 2011, which has since been differentiated and reduced year by year. According to the New Deal, the price of light-volt-line poles in the three most recent categories of resources has been set separately.
At 0.5, 0.6, and 0.7/kwh (including taxes). At the price of electricity, the price of poles is now lower than the price range for side-use electricity (0.6-0.9 yuan/kwh) and the user side price parity has been achieved in some areas. Meanwhile, near the coal devulcanization price range on the side of electricity generation (0-2-0.4 yuan/kwh) is in the pre-priced night.
On 13 September 2018, the National Energy Agency issued a letter seeking advice on “Notification of Work on Accelerated Promotion of Wind Power, Photovoltaic Power Access at Equal Price”, which states that: 1. The provinces organize their own projects on low-cost and non-subsidized wind power, photovoltaic power, and that the National Energy Authority no longer implements annual build-up scale management for such projects; 2. Local government energy authorities at the provincial and local levels are expected to optimize their investment in building and operating environments and to reduce overall non-technical costs; 3. In principle, provincial power grid enterprises are engaged in electricity reform on renewables.
The system of energy priority generation, with long-term contracts with wind power and photovoltaic companies to ensure that electricity is purchased on a priority basis at a rate of no more than 5% per year. The rate of return on price-free access projects is expected to increase gradually.
Hours, free of light restrictions, in which case we measure an internal return of 6.52 per cent on the entire investment in the power station project, and 1,400 hours, with a sensitivity analysis of both the internal rate of return on the full investment and the impact factors on the price of electricity on the Internet and the investment in the power station unit. It can be seen that in the context of the continued growth of mitigation efficiency in the future entire industry chain and the decline in investment in the power station unit resulting from the reduction of non-technical costs, and the use of the increase in the number of hours, no subsidy is required.
The rate of return on the PIP project is expected to increase gradually, and as the PFP project is expected to no longer be integrated into national annual build-up scale management, the PV will be expected to recover gradually, leading to a turn-up of the whole industry chain, and we expect that the relevant PET projects will start in the second half of 2019. Power generation hours will be 1,200 hours, with the full-investment internal rate of return being sensitive to the price of the Internet and unit investment.
Photovoltaic access will no longer require subsidies, and the space for growth will be opened further. The period 2018-2019 will be a critical period of adjustment for policy adjustment, technological upgrading, front-loading efficiency gains, and upgrading of market ownership. Then, with the advent of photovoltaic parity access, it is expected that the volume of additional installed units in the Year will grow on a scale of 5-10gw per year.
The global light-voltage units are 103, 131, and 156gw, or 113, 147, and 175gw, with optimism. To see, we have the best preference for the silicon component of import substitution and central upgrading space.
3.1 Our multi-crystal silicon industry still has a large import replacement space, which was heavily dependent on imports until 2005, when the first multi-crystal silicon industry was built in October 2005 and the industry began to move into a fast, long-term, long-term phase. After several years of development, our multi-crystal silicon production reached 50,000 tons by 2010, while the financial crisis and the European debt were at risk during the same period.
Since 2012, we have launched a multi-crysilica “double-reverse” investigation into Europe, the United States, and Korea, which has ruled that dumping exists, and that domestic industries have been protected. After that, the domestic photovoltaic application market has gradually been launched, the manufacturing of high-end products at the end of the spectrum has broken down, and the upstream multi-crysilica chain has made great strides.
In 2017, our multi-crystal silicon production was 242,000 tons, an increase of 24.10 per cent in the same year, and 150,800 tons, an increase of 12.69 per cent in the same year. The share of imports in apparent consumption, though declining in recent years, remained at over 40 per cent in 2017, with greater import substitution space.
3.2 Quality and cost of establishing strong moats for the industry is a high technical barrier for new entrants; technically, the purity of photovoltaic polysilica requires 99.9999 per cent (6-9 9) and the electron level is higher, while the quality of raw materials, equipment cleanness, work
For raw materials, the purity and quality of trichlorohydrosilicon and hydrogen gases have a direct impact on the quality of multi-crystal silicon products, which are difficult to produce without the accumulation of relevant technology. For raw materials, since the current production of multi-crystal silicon is mainly based on improved Siemens using hydrogen gas to restore the former trichlorohydrosilicon, the purity and quality of trichlorosilicon and hydrogen gases have a direct effect on multi-crysilium silicon quantities.
The quality of the product has a greater impact. And with the rapid rise in monocrystal city occupancy and the development of cell type N, downstream markets are increasingly demanding multi-crystal silicon quality. Table 7: Main factors influencing the quality of multi-crystal silicon products.
Effects of raw materials on product quality Trichlorohydrosilica and hydrogen gas are the main ingredients for improving the Siemens method of producing polysilicon.
The process is complex and easier to mix with impurities The effect of the cleanness of equipment on product quality The mixing of oil, oxide or dust will seriously affect the crystal type of multi-crystal silicon
All kinds of impurities left on the surface of the equipment by the water or other solution used for cleaning may also affect the crystal growth of multi-crystal silicon if the equipment itself suffers from material defects or if poor maintenance during production causes leakage of the equipment, it also introduces a large amount of impurities that cause secondary contamination.
The ratio of trichlorohydrosilica to hydrogen gas does not at the time trigger a side reaction, causing the by-product to mix the reactor temperature. The recombinant temperature should be stabilized at around 1,100°C, and the temperature laminates with bubbles and impurities will affect crystal production at too low a time, with both side reactions and reverse reactions. For industry participants, costs are the key to inter-firm competition.
There are currently three types of improved silicon production: Siemens, Silane Fluid Bed and Metals, of which the improved Siemens method is the mainstream process, with 95% of the country ' s municipalities in 2017. The improved Siemens Production Process is: Hydrochloride (or hydrogen chloride) from chlorine and hydrogen, and the industrial silicone powder and hydrogen chloride in synthetic fluid beds synthesizes trichloride silicon gas (tcs), sending tcs and high-purity hydrogen gas into the furnaces and producing high-purity polycrysotic silicon by chemical gas deposition.
Figure 22: Improved production process for Siemens, Figure 23: Production process for silicone fluidization
Silicane pyrolysis is low compared to the improved Siemens method, which increases the area of response and production efficiency of the fluidized bed reactor, so that the reduction power is lower than the improved Siemens method. Moreover, silica is capable of continuous production because there is no need to replace silicon cores and deploy carbon electrodes. However, the high construction costs of silicane do not give them an advantage in terms of integration; also, silicane is more demanding for safety and produces a less pure multi-crystal silicon.
As can be seen from the multi-crystal silicon production process described above, the entire multi-crystal silicon production process is relatively closed, and its costs are largely influenced by the energy, raw material consumption and initial construction investments during the production process. The company ' s energy, raw materials and depreciation costs in 2017 were 43%, 27%, and 22% respectively, compared with the labour and manufacturing costs, which determine the subsequent advantages of multi-crysil silicon production.
Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia and the hydropower-rich south-west region with low electricity prices, Korea ocí has opted to implement expansion projects in Malaysia; for depreciation, as can be seen from the capital expenditure on unit capacity in Oci, the capital expenditure on multi-crystal silicon units that became operational before 2010, around 2010 and beyond 2015 is clearly staircased, and the cost of depreciation of the new capacity has declined significantly; for single consumption, there are means to boost monocrysotile production by recombinant large-scaleization, optimize multi-crysilica production processes and enhance the capacity of by-products to combine use.
Domestic production is on the left side of the cost curve and the expansion process is accelerating. Globally, the supply of multi-crystal silicon is concentrated. By the end of 2017, there were fewer than 20 producers above the tons level, and the top 10 firms in the industry had a combined capacity of 38.48 per cent.
By the end of 2017, we had 22 multi-crystal silicon-producing enterprises, with a total effective capacity of 276,000 tons per year, an increase of 66,000 tons per year over the same period. Future multi-crystal silicon expansion could be concentrated in the country, with several leading enterprises having a 10,000-scale expansion plan, while the oci Malaysian factory has 132,000 tons.
In terms of production costs for global multi-crystal silicon production firms, our leading firms have a clear full cost advantage, with a cost curve on the left, ahead of global leaders such as Wacker, Oci, Hemlock, and others. The three leading producers, after delivery, will fall in depreciation costs as the penetration rate of domestic production equipment increases further; and the cost will fall further as process optimization falls and power prices prevail in the west and southwest.
3.3 Building on technology and cost advantages, the company is expected to continue to increase the rate of urban occupancy. Tung Wenxiang completed energy-saving energy-saving adjustments for tetrachlorinated silicon cold hydrogenization in March 2015, and in recent years has produced a number of results with autonomous intellectual property rights in core multi-crysilium technologies such as cold hydrogenization, large-scale energy-saving distillation, efficient reduction, tail gas recovery, trichlorinated hydrogen silicon synthesis, anti-discrimination, etc., and is at advanced levels in the country.
In the case of raw materials, the level of silicon consumption by companies has also shown a more marked downward trend in recent years (note: in terms of silicon powder procurement/multi-crystal silicon production). In addition to technological advances, Etsumi built a complete cycle of silicon, pvc, multi-crystal silicon to cement, building on the advantages of its chemical industry in the early years of its establishment, in addition to technological advances.
In particular, hydrogen and chlorine from foil production can be used as raw materials for pvc, hydrogen gas and liquid chlorine can also be used for multi-crysilium production, electrical slags from pvc production are used as raw materials for cement production, residual heat vapour from cement production can be used for pvc and polycrysilica production, and the permanent shares currently possess 150,000 tonnes/year of ion membranes and pvc production capacity.
One hundred and twenty thousand tonnes/year, with a combined cement production capacity of 1 million tonnes/year, the production process has largely achieved zero solid waste emissions. Figure 30: A brief description of the permanent share circulation chain model, based on the above-mentioned technological advantages and refined management, has effectively controlled the company ' s multi-crysilica production costs.
In terms of cost control, the Māori ratio for multi-crystal silicon operations is on the rise for each enterprise, with three enterprises having a Māori ratio of more than 40% in 2017. At cost, production costs for three enterprises are significantly lower than for foreign firms, and three contrasts, the Tungwei shares have an advantage in terms of both cash costs and combined costs. In 2017, Yongxiang began construction of the first two high-purity silicon projects, the first of which consisted of 25,000 tons of capacity for the first phase of the project.
By the end of October 2018, the first quarter of a million tons of production capacity in Leysan will be available by the end of 2018, and the cost of additional production capacity will be reduced to less than 40,000 yuan per ton, and the actual post-partum capacity will exceed 30,000 tons per year, with the company’s total capacity reaching 80,000 tons per year. With the construction and commissioning of Leysan and the first phase of the project, the company’s total capacity is expected to be close to 150,000 tons in the future, making it a real locomotive of high-purity crystal silicone worldwide.
In terms of prices, the price of multi-crystal silicon has continued to decline since the beginning of the year, as a result of the new domestic production capacity and the impact of the 531 New Deal on the industrial chain. By the end of October 2018, the price of domestic multi-crystal silicon-level raw materials had been down since 2012. We believe that, as a result of the acceleration of the photo-pitchage process, the fall in the multi-crysilica price is a more important link in the reduction of unit investment in power stations, and we expect prices to continue to fall in shock, but based on our data on domestic and foreign capacity costs.
As the price goes down, the cash cost of old capacity will be phased out, companies will be added to the production capacity first released, and there will be plenty of room for future development of the multi-crysilica business against the backdrop of price support and higher market rates.
4.1 Battery is a professional product with a clear cost and technical advantage. The company's battery film business is carried out by a company that relies on its subsidiary to co-manufacture. The composting of the platinum has now become a compost of 5.4gw (single crystal 3gw, multi-crystal 2.4gw). The company has been fully productive in recent years, with a capacity utilization rate of more than 100 per cent and a sales rate of more than 90 per cent and a sales rate of 3.63gw in 2017.
In 2016, a subsidiary, Fertilizer, built a cell block base in Chengdu, with 1gw capacity in only seven months, becoming the fastest-growing project in the industry at that time. In 2017, the same seven-month period was used to build production at a time when Chengdu II doubled its capacity, again becoming a speed pole, and to lead industry in 4.0.
Smart workshops, through the optimization and integration of information and high-automated equipment, gradually replace traditional manual production, effectively improve labour productivity, improve quality stability, and reduce costs. By the end of 2017, company production costs for multi-crystal batteries had been reduced to less than $1.1/w, and production costs for single-crystal batteries had been reduced to close to $1.1/w, of which the cost of single-crystal cell processing had been reduced to less than $0.3/w, a clear comparison of the cost advantages of good firms in the industry.
In parallel with the promotion of mitigation efficiency, and in order to continuously enhance the company’s core competitiveness and consolidate its industrial dominance, the Cove has been working to build a research and development team that is dominated by leading experts in the industry, and has produced a number of technological results with autonomous intellectual property rights in the fields of sedimentation in the atomic layer, selective launch poles, multi-crystal steel line products, double-face batteries, national production and silver development, batteries such as tiles, and cluster core technologies. The share of corporate R & D inputs in revenue has increased from year to year, particularly in 2016.
There has been a rapid increase since the introduction of photovoltaic operations. Of this amount, the research and development of photovoltaic plates in 2017 invested $336 million, an increase of 49.95 per cent, or 1.47 per cent, of the revenues of photovoltaic and chemical panels. Indicators of the conversion efficiency and power of the company ' s batteries and components have also continued to rise, with the maximum conversion efficiency of single multi-crystal batteries in 2017 reaching 19.50 per cent and 21.91 per cent, respectively, and the highest component power of 418w.
Building on the above-mentioned advantages in size, technology, and product quality, the company has established long-term partnerships with nine of the top 10 downstream solar component producers (except for Hanhua) and the products are widely accepted by downstream customers. More importantly, based on product quality advantages, companies offer zero credit margins when selling their products, changing the rules of business transactions.
4.3 The firm expansion further boosts the company’s presence in the city, which is currently in the process of building compost phase II 2.3gw and Chengdu phase III of the 3.2gw high-efficiency solar cell project, and plans to build it by the end of 2018 and early 2019.
The project will be fully implemented with passivation technology, with non-silicon costs expected to decrease by more than 10% from the current level. With the further expansion of production capacity and the effective replication of the industrial 4.0 workshop on the subsequent addition of additional capacity, the company will be well placed to mitigate the current shortfall in cellular production, to further consolidate and expand the company's competitive advantage in the solar cell chain, and to accelerate the process of access to the Internet with a “543” downscaling strategy, the power plant is expected to grow rapidly.
The company’s Phosphoto Station operation project is based on the company’s subsidiary’s new energy source, with the company’s operations being dominated by power stations, and no existing power stations have been transferred to date. The “Fisheries as One” model is the current business model of the company’s investment in development. Specifically, the company rents fish ponds to the county, town, village government, or farmer, then adapts them to facilities, smart fishing standards, and, based on the company’s experimental data and experience, installs photovoltaic stations on fish ponds in an appropriate proportion, while aquaculture in fish ponds will be carried out.
Aquaculture and photovoltaic plants are managed and operated together. Compared to traditional distributed photovoltaic power stations, the advantages of the “light as one” model include: 1. Resolving the contradiction between the photovoltaic industry and quality land resources, shortage of roof resources, direct installation of power stations on the surface of fish ponds; 2. Facilitating the installation of power stations by stumping, without taking into account surface level, slope and stability; 3. Replicability
Strength: Except from the light angle caused by differences in latitudes, there are little differences in fish ponds across the country; 4. The problem of monoculture products in ponds and low productivity in single production has been solved, with notable increases in efficiency and lower production costs. Currently, the company power stations cover much of the eastern part of the country.
Given the cost and rate of return of power plant construction in recent years, the company was relatively small. By the first half of 2018, the company had completed 40 power generation projects, with a cumulative capacity of 848mw. At the same time, by the end of 2017, the company had a total approved installed capacity of 677.37mw. In our view, the company ' s current power station is relatively small, with less impact on issues such as its default on subsidies, and in terms of the incremental costs of the company ' s already constructed power plant, the reduction in electricity costs was more pronounced, with one quarter of 2018.
The company has a certain amount of “land” resources, such as ponds, and the future size of the company's power station is expected to accelerate with the process of parity. The company has been implementing a “543” downscaling strategy in the field of photovoltaic power stations for many years, with the aim of reducing the cost of the entire photovoltaic system by optimizing engineering design and technological innovation. The combined cost of the company's PV project has now been reduced from $6-7/w two years ago to $5/w. With further optimization of design programmes and technological innovation, 2019
The company seeks to reduce the cost to within $4/w, or even $3/w, and to accelerate the rate of access to the Internet at full cost. From the company’s current investment in power plants, there is a certain downward trend in the electricity unit investment budget (note: as the investment budget includes items such as liquidity, it is higher than the actual unit investment cost) 5.1 fish ponds are rich, and the company’s capacity is expected to expand rapidly.
According to our calculations, the 20mw “fishing as one” power station has an area of approximately 700 acres. We farm 120 million acres, of which the pond is about 40 million acres, and our ponds have resources that support the size of a light-voltage power plant of about 1,100 gw. Tonway shares currently have more than 15,000 submerger feed distribution sites in the towns and villages, and more than 300,000 cooperative farms nationwide, covering 10 million acres of water, of which the pond is about 4 million acres, supporting about 110 gw.
The company announces that the actual capacity of the project will reach 120%, or even exceed the capacity of the design. The company’s historical multi-crystal silicon business will remain largely at full capacity, and we expect that the new capacity will remain at the same level.
At a time when, as advanced domestic production capacity continues to be released and demand appears to be stable and volatile, we predict that next year the multi-crystal silicon price hub will be at $80/kq (including taxes) and that the company's 2.3gw and Chengdu 3.2gw high-efficiency battery projects will be operational by the end of 2018 to early 2019, and the company announces that the actual capacity of the project will be 120% above and above the design capacity.
Nine of the top 10 component producers have a supply relationship, and we believe that the quality of the company’s products has been recognized downstream, and will continue to maintain high capacity utilization and production rates in the future. Prices suggest that battery billing prices are still expected to be in shock downwards, and cost estimates suggest that upstream silicon prices will continue to decline, and companies will now have single, multi-crystal power of billions.
As of 2018h1, the company’s cumulative load of PV stations is 848mw, the relatively small size of which is mainly influenced by the relatively high cost of construction of the current power stations and the relatively low rate of return. In the future, we believe that the rate of PV plants’ return will increase as the manufacturing end continues to boost the efficiency gains and the policy guarantee of an increase in the number of hours used. The company’s fish ponds are abundant, and the company’s capacity is expected to grow rapidly. We expect the company’s PV operations to receive 4.9, 8.0 and 1,200 million yuan, respectively, over the next three years.
The feed industry is now entering its maturity phase, and the entire industry is facing a transition and upgrading phase. We expect a steady rise in the overall feed sales.
The company deals with both traditional agricultural operations and new and emerging energy sources, and we value the company using the divisional valuation method. In traditional agricultural operations, we expect the company to earn 178.4, 192.9 and 20.980 million yuan, respectively, between 2018 and 2020. In 2013-2015, the company operated as a single owner of traditional agricultural operations, with a flat net interest rate of 2.17% for the period. However, in recent years, there has been a marked upward trend in both the Māori rate for the company ' s feed business and the net interest rate for the comparable company ' s large maritime group.
The big sea groups are more comparable, with net interest rates rising from less than 2 per cent in 2013 to 3.53 per cent in 2017. We conservatively assume that the company’s agricultural plates are net of new energy sources, luminum voltage and chemical panels, which are 14.3, 23.4 and 32.1 billion yuan won. We have selected Lungi shares, China Ring shares, special electricians and Chinese shares as comparable companies, with a market value of 252.0 and 29.6.1 billion yuan worth of non-agricultural plates in 2018 and 2019.
In building capacity, the risks are not as high as expected: the company has had an expansion plan in its core business of multi-crystal silicon, battery fragments, etc. in recent years, and the actual capacity is 120% or even higher than the capacity of the design. If this part of the expansion is not as fast as expected, it will pose a risk to the company’s performance. Policy risks in the photovoltaic sector: the company’s silicon, battery and assembly operations are all upstream in the industrial chain, and demand is directly affected by downstream power station loading, and
There is a risk that the company’s performance will suffer as a result of changes in the photovoltaic industry’s policy, which has led to a lower than expected size of the industry. Force majeure leads to a risk of disruption in normal production: historically, the oci of overseas leaders and the docilica production plant in Vak have experienced a shutdown due to force majeure, and companies have focused heavily on the safety control of production bases, placing safety first in production, but there is still a risk that force majeure will impede normal production.
The gas industry chain, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine chemical intermediates, as well as new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions, etc. The start-up of new energy industries such as lithium batteries, power cells, fuel cells, photovoltaic cells, photovoltaic power stations, etc., with a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development, and resource endowments: good at exploiting investment opportunities from market and industrial development, both
Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Science, University of Jilin, July 2018, Convergence with the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, is currently engaged in new energy research. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions with this group of clients. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.