Events: Eastern Securities Annual Report 2017, where the company achieved business income of 10,53.32 million yuan, an increase of 53.16 per cent over the year; Eastern Securities (600,958.sh) net profits attributable to the parent company, a decline of 8.47 per cent over the same year. In 2017, the company achieved a negative growth in its performance against a background of a double decline in business income and net profits across the industry.
In 2017, the market was better than in the same period in 2016, with a small drop in the two markets, with a market share rate of 2.29% and an industry ranking of 14; the stock-based turnover of 3,758,823 million yuan, a market share rate of 1.55% and an industry ranking.
In 2017, the net return on corporate investment and the net income from entrusted client asset management operations were $5,528 million and $1,977 million, respectively, representing an increase of 54.65 per cent and 123 per cent respectively. Companies ' investment management capabilities were excellent, leading the way in terms of portfolio investment, asset management and fund management.
First Cover: Self-Finded Stakeholder-Oriental Corporate Full-Standarded Capital Manager Asset Management has grown steadily in size, and proactive management advantages have been further enhanced. In 2017, Corporate Trusted Asset Management Size In-depth Report 2016.08.18
" Self-employment drags down corporate profits - Eastern securities reporting point " , with the Eastern Censorship being ranked first in the net revenue industry in the asset management business.
In 2017, the company successfully completed an increase in a share, raised $11,058 million, and further strengthened the public.
The firm ' s capital strength. Through equity financing (a stock listing, h stock listing, a stock non-public issuance) for three years in a row, coupled with the issuance of debt vouchers such as corporate bonds, sea external debt and the company ' s own profitability, the company ' s capital strength is rapidly increased, the company ' s market competitiveness and risk resistance are increased and the company ' s operations are transformed.
By the end of 2017, the total assets of the company amounted to $231,860 million, the net assets amounted to $53,501 million, and the firmness of Sindh Securities Co. Ltd. moved into the ranks of first-class bond dealers.
I don't know, cinda securitiesco. ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
Cinidasechidies cololdd won, maintaining the company's “uptake” rating. \triangleright
This report has been prepared and published by the CVM. This report is a unique research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of clients, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.