The voucher industry actively manages the poles, self-financing is unique, and overall performance has been remarkable, with a single self-employment and asset management operation contributing significantly to the growth of performance beyond industry levels.
The firm achieved a sharp upturn in its performance against a background of a double-dip profit. Gross operating income amounted to $10,032 million a year, an increase of 53.16 per cent compared to 2016 (the industry-wide production management (Yoy+57.99 per cent) was the result of a significant increase in the company ' s performance over the 17-year period.
In 2017, self-employed companies achieved $3.972 billion in revenue, while self-employed assets continued to be underpinned by solid revenue and equity, maintaining a more robust investment as a whole.
By the end of 2017, the performance of corporate self-employed investments in bonds/funds/equity benefits had been stable, with an overall focus on absolute returns + value investments, from company formation to total equity investments in 2017.
In 2017, corporate asset management achieved business income of 2,822 million yuan, ranking first in the net income sector for the year. In equity investment, 2017.
The average annualized rate of return for the EAF active management of equity products was 56.25 per cent, significantly exceeding the rate of return of the 300 indexes for the same period (21.78 per cent).
The bottom-rich fund raised $322.5 billion, an increase of 17.59 per cent over the previous year; the head office rate of return was among the top 10 major fund companies.
In 2017, the company “Orientally Winner's Wealth Edition” gained wide influence in the field of financial science and technology. By the end of 2017, the company “Orient Winner's Wealth App” had a cumulative total of 271,000 registered users, an increase of almost 147% over the same period;
Accumulated transactions in the field amounted to $54,882 million. 94.73 per cent of the clients of the company ' s brokerage business were engaged in transactions via interconnectivity and mobile mobile terminals; 89.09 per cent of all new openings were opened online; and 89.0 per cent of the company ' s current stock and stock holdings were accounted for.
Shares and fund brokerage through Internet and mobile platforms account for 81.49 per cent of fund transactions. We believe that companies can facilitate stock-based transactions with financial technology and do not disrupt the transition from traditional brokering to wealth management.
With the completion of the capital replenishment, the net interest income is expected to change negatively. In December 2017, the company completed a targeted increase, raising a total of $11,058 million.
The firm is expected to change the continuation of negative net interest earnings in recent years after this fund-raising exercise and, after replenishment of capital funds, to further develop its capital intermediation and investment operations.
Prospective profit: In 2018, as a result of a shift in market style, the company ' s own business was also subject to greater volatility in market style, with companies (combined Eastern Citigroup, Orient Citi) achieving net profits of $228 million in singles, a significant increase of 551.42 per cent over the same period.
Based on the assumption that the company’s performance in February will be smooth in the future, there has been a decline in the size of the company’s financial holdings in 2018, 2019, and in corporate brokering, among other things.
Pan Young-Long: Nine years of experience in securities research at Xiamen University, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, mainly in research and follow-up areas: the new energy sector for electrical equipment, and the non-monetary financial sector. The report was produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.