The year of subsidies for the consumption of automobiles and their parts, the new energy bus's strong lead: the company published its annual 2017 report, which achieved business income of $33,222 million, compared to the year of the reverse.
The decline in performance was in line with expectations, with the pessimistic market leading industry. In 2017, the company achieved the target of 1.9 percentage points. In 2017, the bus industry was affected by the adjustment of subsidies and back checks for new energy buses, with overall sales falling significantly over the same period, with sales of new energy buses falling by 15.30 per cent.
Woo-tung is still a strong leader, with sales falling by only 7.41%. In 2018, the new policy gave the industry a period of adjustment of subsidies. With the low base for bus sales in the first half of last year, it is expected that the growth in sales will affect the sustained recovery in 2018.
In 2017, the company sold buses with a total equity/flow (million shares) of 675,000 vehicles, or 27.4 per cent of the bus industry, and with 24.9 million new energy buses, the city.
The share has risen to 24 per cent; during January-February 2018, Wootong ' s new energy bus sales amounted to 13.3 million, and the city ' s highest/minimum ratio of 12 months continued to rise significantly to 32.4 per cent, with the fall of the subsidy and the increase in the subsidy threshold, none.
The new energy bus industry will have a stronger voice in the hands of highly skilled firms with good product quality, and corporate competitiveness and market power are expected to rise further. Foreign markets are emerging, leading the bus industry to the world.
The six regions of the world, such as the continent, the Americas, Africa, the CIS, Asia and the Pacific, and the Middle East, have gradually moved from underdeveloped regions to developed countries. Particularly in the area of new energy buses, Woo-tung will take advantage of mature markets, marketing network layouts, and leading product technology.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report