Phillipcapital bus (600066.ch)
In China, as a result of changes in industrial policy, the Utsong bus fell by more than 20 per cent in 2017, compensating for the downside of the policy and the billing period (as at 19 April).
The company’s profitability has been reduced by long-term growth, as well as by the marketing of products. But the firm’s growth rate is rising, and the bad debt is expected to return to a positive impact on the company’s performance in 2018, as is expected from overseas markets. We cut down the target price, but we maintain an increase in the average stockholders (millions of shares):
In 2017, the U.S. bus fell by more than 20 per cent and in 2017 it was $3.322 billion, a decrease of 7.33 per cent.
The main reason for the lower-than-expected performance is that the bus industry has been hit by a fall in the new energy vehicle policy.
On December 30, 2016, the Ministry of Finance issued a circular to increase the value of the country's electricity truck by 200,000 dollars per vehicle, not more than half of the country's supply, and increased the requirement to cover 30,000 km of operations.
The impact of the change has been a 14-to-167,588 annual sales across the country for buses 7 metres or more, and the owners of Utun passenger cars are covering large and medium-sized bus markets, which have been dragged down, but better than average business, with only 5.24 per cent down to 67268 vehicles. Markets have been able to increase, with 28.8 per cent and 2.9 per cent higher in large bus markets.
Point; 44.2 per cent of the mid-sized bus market, 4.9 per cent higher; 3.4 to 28.3 per cent higher in the large- and medium-sized new energy bus market.
The fourth quarter of the year was close to half the average. In 2017, because of the low sales in the first three quarters, four quarters of the company undertook a more aggressive marketing campaign to meet the sales targets set at the beginning of the year, reducing profitability, and four quarters saw a sharp increase of 12% in sales on the base, while clean profits fell by 31% on the same basis.
The 30,000-km claims raised the state subsidy refund period in the company's accounts, which rose by 279 per cent to the company's capital and $1 billion, thereby increasing the financial cost by 79 per cent to $490 million; the debt recovery contingency was about to be raised by $507 million.
Source: Companyreports, percentage points. However, with the reduction of the application to 20,000 km in 2018, the company’s period of state recovery is expected to be shorter, the bad debt will be partially reversed, the pressure on funds will be eased, and the performance will be warming in 2018.
Under the New Deal, the country's new energy passenger vehicle subsidy policy of 2018 has been further adjusted to increase entry difficulties and speed up success, and the industry will continue to improve.
At the technical level, the company ' s core technology, such as energy-efficient water, has been in the forefront, and many of its core technologies, such as safety and control techniques, light-quantified technology, network services, etc., have made progress. This has significantly increased the competitive power of the product, which has reduced the average energy consumption by more than 5 per cent compared to 2016.
The company’s exports of new energy passenger vehicles increased by 18 to 8412 in 2017. Compared to its counterparts abroad, the company’s new energy-producing technologies are highly mature, highly calibrated, and have been validated locally, branded and technologically superior, and are expected in the future.
In general, although the price of the product was or continues to be pressured in 2018, as industry patterns improve and products are tested over time, firms that are highly skilled, good in terms of product quality, and have higher co-benefits will be in the lead in the future market for new energy in passenger cars, and overseas markets are expected to be another factor in the growth of corporate performance.
We're predicting a profit split of $1.72,1.9 yuan per share for the company in 2018/2019, and we're giving public source: company, philipsecuriteshonkongresearch a new energy car that is not growing as expected.
The big economic downturn has affected the demand for buses.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, this publicisationist byphilipsecurities ltd ("philipsecurities") by readingorthispublication, youagreetobeundby the termsandmitationssetoutbelow. This publication nodeproducedinwholeorinpart, distributedorpublied byyouforanypurpose.philipsecurityhallobleforabilityforanydirect
I don't know what you're talking about, or second-guessing fromanyofrealrealcontainingthispublication.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, anyone else. I don't know what you're talking about, anyone.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Involvesuchproducts shouldnotbemadeunlesallsuchrisesareunderstoodandanindidendendendendendenmedethatsuchtransactions wouldbeappropriate.anydiscussionscontainedhereinwithpttoanyproducesouldnotbelosconsidetowardtodiscreaullrisora completediscussionofsofsuchrisks.
I don't think it's true that you're the only one in the world who doesn't know how to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"pshk" believedtobeaccurate.pshkdoesnotbet responsibilityforanylossocacionedbyrelicabilityplacesuponthecontensionshereof.pshk (oritsaffiliatesorempleyees)mayhavepositionsinrelevant 2018philipsecurities (hongkong)
This post is part of our special coverage Africa.
It's not like you're the only one who's got it.
250thbridgeroad, #06-00rafflesitytower, 4-2nihonbashikabutocho, chuo-ku indonesia
India ptphillipsecuitsindonesia phillipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.
philipcapital (india) privatelemited anztøwerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg,
Jakarta 10220, indonesia
I'm sorry, I didn't tell you, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
king and shaxsonltd. 15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, 3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance
6thloor, candlewickhouse, 120 cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand 75008parisfrance
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, srilanka phillipfuturesinc.
Ashaphillipsecuritiesmited level10, 330 collinsstreet level4, millenniumhouse, 46/58 naavamawatha,
The chicagoboardoftradebuilding colombo2, srilanka chicago, l606004usa
Longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong