The U.S. bus reports for the first quarter of 2018, 25/04/04/04.
The company published a quarterly report for 2018: q1 realized a revenue of $4.659 billion, an increase of 20.44 per cent over the same period; net profit return of $295 million, a decrease of 6.81 per cent over the same year; net profit of $272 million, a decrease of 4.48 per cent over the same period, deducted from non-repatriation income; and short-term pressure on net profit from rapid growth of income of
q1 achieved $4.659 billion (yoy+54%) in revenue, showing rapid growth; the rapid growth of the main new energy-beneficiaries passenger vehicles, and policy adjustments during the same period in the past year led to a virtual stagnation in market sales. o1 achieved net return profit of $295 million (yoy-6.81%), with short-term pressure; mainly affected by three factors: 1) new energy users
(3) To mitigate the impact of subsidies on cash flows, the amortization of accounts receivable resulted in higher financial costs, an increase of 306.17 per cent over the same period and an increase of $64 million in absolute terms; however, the financial cost rate was reduced by a single-season round, and cash flows improved in favour of subsequent financial costs as subsidies decreased their marginality.
With the fall in the subsidy rate, the policy orientation has been to be strong, the subsidy has been declining, the future trend of profitability of new energy buses has been downwards, and companies are leading the industry, supported by good branding, technological strength and cost-control capabilities.
Competitiveness has become more pronounced and the overall city share is expected to increase further, while companies actively deploy overseas markets, and research assistant: Zhang Dongdong is expected to open up new space for their development. Moreover, subsidies have been reduced and cash flows have been improving.
In view of the positive impact of the subsidy’s successive reconciliation performance, it is expected to maintain a “very recommended” rating of 11 times. The performance-subsidized adjustment shows a steady decline in the overall city share.
2 Utronbus (600066) / Marketed in 02/18: High Growth in Holiday Impact and Subsidized New Deal Sales
3 Utongbus (600066) Quantities Review, 2018: The number of open customers increased by the same speed in 2018. Xu Lingeun, Research Assistant in the Automotive Industry. Master of Accounting, cpa, two years of experience, dedicated to research in the field of motor vehicles, smart cars, and new energy vehicles.
Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consulting firm management experience, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategy advice: six years of work experience in large commercial enterprises, and familiarization with company strategy, product planning, marketing planning, etc., through the Ministry of Strategy and Development, the Ministry of Marketing and Commodity Management.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.