The company published its 2017 report, which generated business income of $33.22 billion, a decrease of 7.3 per cent in comparison with the previous year.
A small drop in corporate bus sales, but better than industry, and less than expected owing to factors such as a sharp decline in new energy subsidies. The new energy vehicle subsidy policy is good for leading firms with technological and financial advantages, and the market share is expected to be concentrated in leading firms. 30,000 km of operating requirements are down.
Given the sharp decline in new energy subsidies, we have reduced the downside of the company’s subsidy policy, which has led to a decline in company performance.
The sale of company passenger cars and unit prices have fallen slightly, while the Māori rate has fallen by 1.5 percentage points. Three hundred million yuan has raised the financial cost rate by 0.7 percentage points. In addition, the increase in the fees for consulting agents and test materials has led to an increase in the administrative cost rate by 1.1 percentage points.
The fall in subsidies led to a fall in the company ' s performance in 2017: 24865 buses sold, a decrease of 7.4 per cent, compared with the previous year, with a 28.3 per cent increase in the market share of new energy sources, an increase of 3.4 percentage points compared with the previous year.
In 2017, the company sold 8412 buses abroad, an increase of 18.1 per cent compared to the previous year, and its market for buses abroad, with a gradual shift from a product vendor to a service provider, with exports expected to be a growing growth point for the company.
In 2018, the new energy subsidy policy determined that companies are expected to mitigate the downward pressure by, inter alia, reducing the cost of purchasing critical parts such as batteries. 30,000 km of operating mileage is required to be reduced to 20,000 km.
Preparations for financial costs and uncollectible accounts receivable are expected to be significantly reduced, with a partial reversal of the prior period ' s replenishment accounts receivable (approx. $900 million at the end of 2017) expected to contribute to the recovery of corporate performance. 1) The volume of new energy passenger vehicles sold was not as high as expected; and (2) the profitability of bicycles declined significantly.
The Volkswagen Investment Strategy 2018 - Business space is still in place.
Automobiles: car-to-cars