A slight drop in sales in April is expected to result in a significant increase in sales in May.
A slight decline in single-month sales affected by the policy reflects the performance of the sales in May 1) The total sales in April showed a slight decline in the same year, with better light passenger performance and positive growth; the aggregate sales grew steadily, with a steady increase in the share of major customers (38.3 per cent to 39.7 per cent over the same period last year). In April, 3,063 vehicles were sold, compared with the previous year.
2. A slight decline in single-month sales, influenced on the one hand by the policy of subsidizing the transition period, and on the other hand by the value added. In May, the overall volume of sales and the performance of new energy sales were noted.
The company sold more than 700 new energy buses in April, more than 200 vehicles in the same period last year, an increase of about 200 per cent over the same period; cumulatively more than 2,600 vehicles in the month of 1 to 4 months, an increase of about 240 per cent over the same period; affected by the subsidy policy during the same period last year, the base of sales in the first half of the year, a transitional period that was conducive to a smooth transition in sales throughout the year; and short-term expected guests in May and early June
q2 overall sales are expected to perform well, but there is pressure on the profitability of the older products affected by the low level of Maori; the outlook is that q3 will meet the level of profitability with steady growth as new products are placed on the market, policy-oriented support is strong, subsidies are declining, and future trends in profitability in the new energy bus industry are declining.
Research Assistant: Zhang Dongdong Company, as a leader of the industry, supported by excellent brand image, technological strength and cost control capabilities, has become more competitive and is expected to increase the overall share of the city further; at the same time, the company actively deploys overseas municipalities
In addition, subsidies are less marginal, cash flows are improving, and future dividends are expected to return to historical levels. Given the positive impact of subsidies on account-to-account performance, 11 times as much as 10 times, maintaining a “very recommended” rating.
Remark: Profitability is underrated by the increase in market occupancy rates and the adjustment of overseas performance to a steady decline in the overall market share.
Growth, 2018.03.06 Measurements: High Rate of Growth for Opening People in 2018: Figure 1: Monthly sales of Utilitybuses (in units of vehicles)
Figure 2: Year-on-year increase in monthly sales of buses (in %) Figure 3: Year-on-year sales of passengers (in %) Figure 4: Year-on-month sales of passengers (in %)
Figure 5: Monthly passenger sales (in units of vehicles) Figure 6: Monthly passenger sales in units of speed (in units of vehicles) Figure 7: Monthly sales in units of light passenger sales (in units of vehicles)
Figure 8: Year-on-year growth in light monthly sales (in vehicles)
In 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial, and not to be influenced or influenced by any third party.