On June 25, 2018, the Ministry of Transport announced its target of promoting the use of new energy vehicles at a press conference.
By 2020, the number of new vehicles in urban transport, taxis, and urban distribution will reach 600,000 and the trend of motorization of public transport will be accelerated. As a leading driver of the domestic bus industry, the word-line company has been in the forefront of the country’s economy.
And the company’s pre-eminence in the area of new energy buses is clear, with technology, capacity and sales leading by large averages, and the company’s market share in large and medium passenger vehicles is expected to rise further in the future with the release of policy dividends, such as bus electricization. We judge that the short-term profitability of the industry, with the impact of 18 years of national retrenchment, will be short-term gains for the industry.
The impact will be weak in 17 years, and industry and companies are expected to return to the growth track twice as fast as new energy buses, and we give companies a “buy-in” rating.
At the Ministry of Communications press conference, the target of promoting the use of new energy vehicles was announced. By the end of 2020, the main cities of the region, the capital city of the province, and the completed city of the drawing list will be replaced with new energy vehicles, while the Ministry of Transport will upgrade the vehicle structure and promote the use of new energy vehicles.
Operational vehicles such as ports, airports, railways will be replaced with new or clean energy vehicles, and by 2020 there will be 600,000 new energy vehicles in urban transport, taxis and urban distribution. By the end of 2017, approximately 200,000, or all, of the new energy buses will be available.
Two thirds of the public transport sector, estimated at current rates, will require 200,000 new electric buses by 2020, with a compound increase of more than 30%. 80% of the current demand for new energy buses comes from urban public transport systems.
The rise in the share of public vehicles from sources led to faster growth in the demand side of new energy buses. The company’s sales of new energy vehicles increased significantly in May, reaching 45% of the city’s share: in May, the department achieved a total of 7741 buses, yoy + 105%, exceeding market expectations, with new sources of energy.
The number of buses sold was 5,000, a nine-fold increase in the same year, 65 per cent, and in May there were more than 11,000 new energy buses sold across the country, with 45 per cent of the company's single-month city, a record high. Cumulatively, the company sold 20,000 buses, yoy+25 per cent, 7542 new energy buses, yoy+51 per cent.
A 30% market share, and a strong new energy passenger vehicle. The subsidy policy direction highlights the advantage of the head, and the industry’s shuffling has accelerated: for the past two years, the new energy bus industry has been profitable, influenced by the large downside of the new energy bus subsidy, and by the fact that the new bus has met the condition of kilometre access.
The overall decline in standards and the effective containment of deception, while we can see that subsidies and technology are increasing, and that technology standards are more inclined to promote high-scaling capacity and high-cell density products, to boost the performance of enterprises, to increase the orientation of policies towards excellence, and to continue to be absent from small and medium-sized bus manufacturing enterprises.
The phasing-out, industry shuffling, the rapid increase in market ownership by leading companies, the huge competitive advantages of Woo-tung ' s new energy bus in terms of technological maturity and product sales, and profit expectations: the company ' s sales of passenger vehicles and new energy vehicles in the first May continued to grow faster, leading the industry.
Average standards. In the short term, the level of profitability may have declined as a result of the fall in subsidies, and in the medium and long term, the corporate sector has a strong edge and the city is on the rise, and it is certain that in the future it will benefit from a positive trend in the rapid growth of new energy sources, passenger vehicles, and we expect the company's net profits in 2018 and 19 years.
In dollar terms, the current share price is 12.4 and 11.3 times higher, and we give the company an “buy-in” rating of the expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows: