In-depth reports from the Chinese Brigade (60188.sh) show industry leaders, state companies, reform and rapid expansion of tax-free operations. Companies have been focusing on integrated tourism services, major travel agencies, and tax-free operations. Companies are constantly operating in the main business area.
As leaders of the industry, the Chinese government has long been a leader in the traditional field of tourism services. After the reform of the state, the company relied on it.
China’s industry resources under the banner of the China Tourism Group make full use of such advantages as brand names, group resources, physical networks and professional talent. It is expected that tourism services will steadily raise business income and continue to raise the Māori rate by investing in the development of inbound tourism routes and overseas promotion, autonomous R & D and distribution of outbound products, continuous innovation in cruise products, and branding of prizes.
As the only listed company in the domestic tax-exempt industry, the company’s expansion has continued to accelerate since the acquisition of China, with China’s capital airport, Hong Kong airport, and an active competition for tax-free airports. The Sanya Bay Rivermin Island project is a powerful complement to the Sanya Bay International Shopping Centre, which is already operating, and will help to upgrade the South China tax-free business.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment recommendations 1) The international political and security situation affects the flow of tourism; 2) the impact of extreme weather, accidents and disasters; 3) the slow progress of the Sanya Bay Rivermin Island project; and 4) the pace of tax-exempt operations at the capital airport and Hong Kong airport is lower than expected.
A mature business continues to innovate, exploring new performance growth points, and since its inception in 2008, companies have focused on integrated tourism services, based on full-fledged subsidiaries.