The tax-free dragon is at the beginning of a new cycle of growth.
In the next 10 years, China’s private luxury market is expected to grow at a rate of 9%, and China’s consumer contribution will rise from 32% to 44%. Tax exemption is an important way for our middle- and high-income groups to buy luxury goods, and our tax-free industry is starting late.
And, with only 7% of the world’s share of policy protection, the task of channelling offshore consumption back into the future will be a major one, with significant benefits to be derived from the exemption from being the country’s most monopolistic operator. The Bay is short-term, short-term, visitor-driven, and long-term development planning for the South China tourism industry.
In the short term, Hainan Bay has benefited mainly from Sanya Tourist Rehearsal + a return to working with travel agencies has led to a rise in passenger flows. In the long run, Hainan Province and Sanya City have recently been heavily planned, particularly the Hainan Master Plan has been submitted to the State Department, and the construction of the Hainan International Tourist Island is expected to accelerate.
In mid-April 17, the Hong Kong airport has been exempted from smoking and alcohol, and is expected to start performing in 18 years.
In July, Japan (China) and on July, Japan’s joint winning capital airport, t2+t3, will lead to the re-establishment of our tax-exempt industry, which is expected to become the country’s true leader. Moreover, we will continue to focus on the two airports in Shanghai and the opening up of 19 border entry stores for tenders.
In view of the increase in the Māori rate for the markdown, and in view of South Korea’s market-based policies, attention has been paid to returning to the acquisition process. The current size of the waiver is approximately the same as that of the year 2006, in the light of the history of the duffry, as sales have increased in scale, higher procurement bargaining power has led to lower purchasing prices that are conducive to an increase in Māori ratio.
It is to be hoped that the Chinese tax-free market will open its doors to the market policy in the city.17 In mid-September, free-test cross-border electricity suppliers will return to purchase, and the positive security and price advantages will be the core competitiveness.1 China Travel (601888): Sanya Warm+Japan
Tables drive performance growth, with tax-exempting champions getting stronger” (ditnotheftatadd 2), China Travel (601888): Tax-exempt operations versus performance
Greater Growth Contribution 2015-08-31 Source of Eastern Finance and Leisure (601888): Tax-free flagship is on the threshold of a new round of growth
1. China Travel: Old Tourist State Company, Future Tax Free Leader 1.1 History of the Geological and Equity Structure
Founded in March 2008, China National Travel Company Ltd. was re-organised as a joint venture of the United City Group of China, which was formed to hold a share in the United States Travel Group at the time of its establishment, in connection with the operations of the travel agency (the wholly-owned National Hotel General Service) and the duty-free retail business (the fully-owned Exempted Group).
84.62 per cent, with 15.38 per cent of the shares of the Congregation Group, were formally established in Beijing in 1954, converted from a business unit to a business unit in 1984, de-linked from the State Tourist Board to a central management enterprise in 1999, and reorganized into a national brigade in 2006 with the strategy of the Sino-Congress Group.
In 1979, with the approval of the State Council, the China Tourism Service, a subsidiary of the China Travel and Tour Administration (former member of the State Tourism Administration), began to operate a tax-free sale of goods; in 1985 the China Tax Free Company completed the tax-free sale of goods.
Li, under the tax-exempt operation of the former China Tourism Service, became a central direct enterprise in 1999, de-linked from the National Tourism Authority, and renamed the General Corporation of China for Tax-Free Goods (GTT); in 2006, it was reorganized into a national travel group, which became a fully-owned subsidiary of the national tourism group.
In 2016, the Hong Kong National Tourism Group and the Hong Kong China Tourism Group were restructured, the group was integrated into the Hong Kong China Tourism Group, which became a fully-owned subsidiary of the Hong Kong China Tourism Group, and the Hong Kong China Tourism Group was renamed China Tourism Group. The group then transferred all shares held in the Chinese National Tourism Group (601888.sh) to China Tourism Group Corporation without payment.
Post-China Travel’s holding shareholders have been changed from the United States Travel Group to the China Tourism Group, with no change in the actual control (still the State Finance Committee of the Council of State) and only two remaining tourism companies, China Tourism Group and the Chinese Expatriate City Group. At present, the company holding shareholders are still China’s Tourist Group (55.3% shareholding), with the actual controlling person being the State Treasury of the State Council.
In addition, offshore investors hold 5.17 per cent of their shares, credit companies 3.80 per cent, and the Citigroup has a stockholding of 3.80 per cent. By the end of 2016, the company had four first-level subsidiaries corresponding to four main-sector operations under the company’s flag. In addition to its long-standing travel agency and tax-exempt operations, the company established a BN in 2010 and 2011 respectively.
In terms of income and profit composition, 96% of the year) are small amounts of investment in tourism projects and prepaid card operations.
Since then, it has been affected by policies such as the central “eight-decree” policy, coupled with increased competition in the travel agency industry and a slower growth in corporate performance. Overall, the company has collected 8.54% of cagr over the past five years, and the parent net profit cagr has contributed more than 90% in recent years, up from 96% in 2016.
From the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, China Travel (601888). The tax-exempt leader is on the threshold of a new round of growth. Figure 6: Corporate revenue structure (neglecting other businesses).
During 2007-2016, the Māori rate of the company ' s travel agency continued to decline (14% - 19%) and the Māori rate of tax-exempt operations benefited from negative financial costs (positive impact on profits).
2. Tax exemption in detail: high-end consumption, duty-free duty-free duty-free responsibility for guiding the return of consumption 2.1 The tax-free industry is growing rapidly, free of monopoly status in the industry. Tax-free trade refers to the provision of tax-free trade to incoming and outgoing passengers in specific locations in the region, including ports, means of transport, and within the city.
The most common duty-free goods include perfume, cosmetics, tobacco, alcohol, the source of Eastern wealth, food and various luxury items, which are mainly for the upper-middle-income groups.
Value added tax and consumption tax, which are 10 to 45 per cent cheaper than normal domestic retail sales.Figure 10: Middle Group tax-free display of goods (amortized costumes/shoe sunglasses imported wine and food) 2.1.1 is growing steadily worldwide and our tax-free industry is rising.
The international duty-free industry, which began in the mid-20th century, took the opportunity of the development of international economic trade and, with the development of international tourism, has created a unique tourism consumer market that can easily and quickly supply international passengers with well-quality, price-friendly, duty-free goods that are an extension of international tourism consumption.
Data show that global tax-free sales in 2015 amounted to $59.8 billion, compared to 11.5 per cent in the period 1970-2015.Figure 11: Global tax-free sales from 1970-2015.
In 1983-1984, China’s General Company of Expatriate Personnel Services and China’s General Department of Tax Exemptions were set up as two of China’s first tax-free enterprises. Since 1994, the tax-free industry has been gradually moving forward.
To market, the industry as a whole has grown rapidly. East’s financial and intellectual boom, China’s travel (601888): tax-free leader is on the threshold of a new round of growth.
Our tax-free sales have been growing rapidly in recent years, driven by a strong consumer power for luxury goods, with tax-free sales amounting to about $26.43 billion in 2016 (95+Save 112.8+ Seagate Airport 16.5+Other 40), 23 per cent in 2009-2016, up from 12 per cent in the world over the same period, and our share of duty-free sales worldwide.
2.1.2 High policy barriers are characterized by a high monopolistic pattern, with seven players sharing six types of games, and the basic policy of our tax-exempt industry is based on the provisions on further strengthening the centralized management of tax-exempt operations issued jointly by four ministries in 2000: “The State has a monopoly on and centralization of duty-free sales of goods
Further follow-up to the provisions of the State Council on the unified operation of the State, the unified organization of imports, the uniform establishment of retail prices, and the establishment of a “four-in-one” approach to regulatory provisions. Since then, the Customs Administration of the People's Republic of China has issued the Regulations on the Regulation of Free Shops and Exemptions in 2005 which define duty-free business units as follows:
We have seven tax-free operators in the country, and we have sorted out the basics of all seven tax-free operators in the country. It is worth noting that the Japanese tax-free company, Japan and Japan, are the two publics of Japan, China, and Shanghai.
In March 2017, the China-China Group acquired 51% of Japan’s shares.
There are currently six main forms of tax-free shops operating in the country, and we're looking at different types of tax-free shops and their qualifications. Table 3: The six main forms of tax-free shops operating in the country, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
China Travel (601888). The tax-free leader is on the threshold for a new round of growth.
Foreigners and diplomats’ stores are free of charge, and only Chinese domestic stores are allowed to operate. There are only two free shops in Hainan Island, a tax-free market in Sanya Bay, and a tax-free airport in China.
2.1.3 In the light of the situation as of 2016, when the exemption dates have not yet been acquired (China): in terms of market share, the exemption dates have become tax-free for each of the two superior zones (China, Japan, Kyoto, etc.)
The absolute dominance of the industry, with a rising market share, rose from 68% in 2012 to 80% in 2016. Eastern financial and intellectual booming source billion (Moody), Sea South Americaland airport 1.65 billion (dfe) with a deep exemption of 1,708 million (Hin Shenzhen Airport Bulletin), beneficiation +
Of the 2,292 million (dfe) in service and the small amount of neglect in the Hong Kong-Halbin store, which totals approximately 26.43 billion, 36% are exempt and 44% per day are exempt. As the only company authorized by the State Council to operate duty-free throughout the country, it currently owns
Nearly 200 duty-free shops, which occupy the country’s main ports, ports, aircraft, cruise ships, etc., naturally become heavyweight players in the domestic tax-exempt industry. Japan is a company that conducted tax-exempt operations at Beijing and Shanghai airports, specifically authorized by the State Council in 1999, with a certain special character, only the Beijing Capital International Airport, Shanghai Pudong International Airport and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport.
But it contributed 43% of the domestic tax-free turnover, and the importance of the three airports is self-evident. East’s financial and intellectual boom 2.2’s global high-end consumption remains strong, and Chinese consumers have strong purchasing power.
The third phase of the year’s rapid growth is driven by Chinese purchasing power. Global sales of personal luxury goods fell by 2% in 2016, and Bann consulted that the market has entered the “new normal” phase (original: newnormal): Chinese consumers remain strong and their purchasing power will continue to rise, but they will be more cautious in brand selection and more cautious.
McKinsey’s analysis shows that the contribution of Chinese consumers to the global private luxury market is rising rapidly, with China buying only 12% of the world’s luxury goods in 2008, rising to 32% by 2016, and is expected to rise in 2025.
Between 2016 and 2025, the global market for personal luxury goods was 3% carg, compared to 9% for Chinese consumers, and the purchasing power of Chinese consumers for personal luxury goods will continue to grow at a high rate. The source of financial prosperity in the East is the rich.
In addition, McKenzie's research shows that China's consumers' impulse to consume luxury goods has increased significantly in recent years, and the proportion of buyers of bags, clothing and wristwatch that make decisions within a day has increased significantly compared to the past few years. 2.3 Tax-free shops are an important means of purchasing luxury goods for high-income groups.
By collating data from different sources, we find that duty-free shops are an important channel for consumers, especially for high- and middle-income groups, to purchase luxury goods, and that a growing middle- and high-income group and its growing purchasing power for luxury goods are at the heart of the future drive to maintain the fast growth of our tax-free industry.
• According to McKinsey ' s study, the preferred source of luxury goods for our rich population is still personal access to real-estate shops, where tax-free shops are preferred because of their quality of goods and price advantages, while the selection of Internet purchases and sub-purchases is low.
· Data from the Main Luxury Brands Network also show that 35% of consumers go to the officials’ website to browse their products before the purchase.
But only 7% of the final sales came from the Internet. East’s financial and intellectual boom, and there was a large market for sub-purchases for the middle class, which had relatively low purchasing power.
The size of sub-purchases fell to $34 billion-$50 billion, or 8-12%. In 2016, as the government regulated cross-border power suppliers, it moved to a level of 8-12%.
Clarity, and increased customs inspection of sub-purchases, have led to a significant shift in cross-border power suppliers. Currently, cross-border power suppliers are subject to a single trading limit of $2,000, an annual trading limit of $20,000 for individuals, a temporary tariff rate of 0 per cent for purchases of goods within the limit, a value added tax on imports and a tax exemption on consumer duties, and a statutory exemption from taxation.
70% of the taxable amount is collected. When a single limit or annual limit is exceeded, it is taxed in full according to the general mode of trade (customs + value added tax + consumption tax).
In general, cross-border power suppliers overlap with duty-free shops on the customer and product ends, but not exactly the same, and cross-border electricity suppliers’ development has a limited impact on tax exemptions. Cross-border electricity providers experience more like daily network purchases than tax-exempts, and there are purchase limits (US$ 2,000 per year, US$ 20,000 per year), and therefore usually apply only to ordinary goods (e.g. small household electricity, etc.).
Milk powder, solar goods, small cosmetics, etc.) is not a luxury, and customers are mostly middle-class rather than wealthy. From another perspective, cross-border power providers are more important than simply legalizing sub-purchases, transforming the previous sub-purchase market into a formal cross-border electricity market, which essentially does not take over tax-exempt markets.
2.4 The State guides the return of consumption, the domestic tax-exempt industry is burdened with costs such as taxes, and the prices of the same goods are much higher in the country than in the outside world. In 2011, the Ministry of Commerce conducted a survey of 20 high-end brands of watch, box, clothing, alcohol, electronic products, and market prices in China and China.
In Hong Kong, it is 45% higher than in the United States, 51% higher than in France, and 72% higher than in France. Large price differentials have led to purchases of luxury goods occurring mainly outside the country and rising in recent years (60% in 2011 and 77% in 2016).
From the point of view of travel abroad, unwto's data show that in 2016 Chinese tourists left China for 135 million times, and that is the same thing.
This represents a 6% increase; spending $261 billion in major offshore markets, an 11% increase in the same year, has become the world’s largest group of international tourists with the highest purchasing power. China has been on the top of the exit consumption list since 2012, and the consumption of outgoing tourists has been growing in double digits since 2004.
Research also shows that 40% of China’s departing passengers search the airport for tax-free shops and tax-free prices. According to the United Kingdom Financial Times, Chinese tourists account for only 1% of the total number of visitors at Heathrow Airport in London, but they generate 25% of the airport’s tax-free earnings.
The massive flow of consumption abroad, in particular the 2015 wave of “blow-buying” by our consumers in Japan, has attracted the attention of the government, and the authorities have made intense noise and put in place a number of measures to “combate” the return of consumption abroad:
(b) The devaluation of the renminbi, in the face of fluctuations in the foreign exchange market, has somewhat discouraged consumption abroad;
As an important channel for domestic consumers, especially high net-value groups, the tax-exempt industry has the heavy responsibility of leading the flow of money. At the State Council’s general meeting in April 2015, it was proposed to create and restore border-entry duty-free shops.
In February 2016, five ministries jointly issued the Interim Measures for the Management of Border Crossings Tax Free Shops, which will establish 13 airports in Guangzhou, Hong Kong, Shanshan and Chengdu, as well as duty-free houses at some of the surface ports.
There has been a number of liberalizations, with significant increases in consumer coverage and commodity abundance. 3. Exemption: the tax-free leader stands at the beginning of a new round of growth. 3.1 has a monopoly advantage and maximizes the return of beneficial consumption.
At present, the Middle East Free Group has established more than 200 duty-free shops covering ports, means of transport (currently all on board), diplomatic personnel, outer-wheel supply, within-city and off-island, and has developed into the world's most full-fledged and single-country retail outlets, and has established the country's only exemption.
From a regional point of view, of the seven companies currently qualified to operate duty-free in the country, the exemption is the only one authorized by the State Council to operate duty-free throughout the country, and the regional characteristics of other operators, such as Pearl, are evident.
From the point of view of the type of duty-free shop, only the most substantial duty-free shop (see 3.3.1) is currently only at the border point. The duty-free shop allows all qualified operators in the country to compete, and the exit shop is free from the need to apply for a needle.
There is only one exemption for foreign nationals, and only one exemption is granted for Chinese domestic stores. There are only two free stores in Hainan Island, a tax-free market in Sanya Bay, and a duty-free market at Seaports.
After nearly 30 years of development, the Middle and Free Group has now become the world's twelfth largest tourism retailer, earning $9,521 million in operating income and a net profit of $1.73 billion in 2016.
49 per cent of the total), net return to the mother of $534 million (31 per cent of the total). Figure 28: Global tourism retail enterprises ranking in 2016 (in millions of euros, based on sales) Figure 29: Group collection and acceleration in 2008-2017h1
Eung-heung's securities depth report (601888): The tax-free leader is on the threshold of a new round of growth.
3.2 Off-island tax exemption: the Hainan plan will land, the Bay will rise to a new level, 3.2.1 Off-island tax-exempt amounts double, and there is still much room for penetration. In March 2011, the Hainan off-island tax-exempt industry officially started as a successor to Okinawa Island, Jeju Island, Taiwan Golden Gate, Japan.
Since April 2011, Sanya City stores under China’s flag have been open to domestic visitors (which opened in 2009 and was previously restricted to foreign visitors only) and implemented a duty-free exit policy; and in November 2011, the Hainan State Finance Committee’s Seaside Melanes Airport, which is officially opened, has been off-limits.
In September 2014, the tax-free shop in Sanya was moved from the city to the Sea Bay free shopping centre, located in the Bay of Haijong area. The total area of the new shop is about 120,000 square metres, with a business area of 72,000 square metres (less than 10,000 square metres).
The new shop has brought in nearly 300 internationally renowned brands, including Prada, Armani, Roryx, and more than a dozen of them for the first time in China’s free market. Since allowing tourists to shop in the country, the number of duty-free shopping places, sales, and bill prices have been rising steadily since the beginning of the year.
In 2012-2016, the sales value of the shopping line cagr was 13 per cent cagr at a unit price of 28 per cent cagr at 21 per cent (statistically, all in Sanya City + Seagate Airport).
The level of tax-exempt penetration of tourists visiting Tria is still low in Jeju Island, Korea, and Okinawa Island, Japan. In 2014/15/16, the Sea Bay Free Mall received 421,480.551 million customers and 88,101.97 million shopping people, while Sanya city received 1314.14,160.7 million overnight tourists and shoppers.
The permeability rate (defined as the number of people shopping in Sea Bay/South Asia staying overnight) is 6.7%/6.9%/0.0%, while the rate of duty-free shopping in Jeju Island, Korea, is around 30% for visitors and in Okinawa, Japan, is about 75%, and there is still much room for increasing the penetration of duty-free shopping in Sea Bay in the future.
3.2.2 Short-term view: Sanya passenger flow recovery + resumption of cooperation with travel agencies, low-base periods or high growth rates have slowed down slightly since 2012, but since the beginning of 2017 passenger flows have picked up somewhat, with the same rate of growth of 10.2 per cent in January-June 2017, up from 8.8 per cent in the same period last year.
The rise also led to an increase in the number of duty-free purchases off the island, with more than 600,000 shopping in Sanya Bay in the first half of 2017, an increase of 24 per cent in the same year (12 per cent in 2016).
It is worth noting that in 2016, there was a similar decline in the number of buyers in Sea Bay, due in large part to the cancellation of cooperation with travel agencies in Sea Bay since 2015q4. As a result of passenger pressure, the Gulf has gradually resumed its cooperation with travel agencies since June 2016. Given the timing of route planning and resource mobilization, it is expected that 2016q4 travel agency products have been removed
In the period 2015-2016, the Province of Hainan and the City of Sanya launched the 13th Five-Year Development Plan, as well as the Global Tourism Development Plan.
The importance of the development of duty-free shopping has been emphasized by placing tourism at the forefront of national economic and social development. According to information in June 2017, the Hainan Master Plan (2015-2030) has been prepared and is being submitted to the State Council for approval; and Hainan has decided to establish the only provincial planning committee in the country, the Hainan Provincial Planning Committee.
The provincial master plan states that Hainan province will be largely established as an international tourist island by 2020, with a major effort to develop 10 types of industry, including tourism, while shopping tourism is one of the nine priority areas of the tourism industry. The plan also identifies 6 types of 27 priority provincial industrial parks, including the Sanya Bay “National Coast” resort.
In our view, the intensive introduction of planning reflects the determination of all levels of government in Hainan Province to accelerate tourism development and is an important driving force in Hainan Province to accelerate the construction of an international tourist island, especially in the case of provincial master plans and the establishment of provincial planning committees.
The first pilot of our provincial “multi-prescription” is important in the current wave of deepening reforms. If the plan is finally approved, the Hainan tourism industry will have a new rapid development phase, and tax-free industries will benefit greatly as an important component of shopping tourism.
(1) It is expected that the exemption policy from the island will be further liberalized to stimulate greater purchasing power. Since its inception in 2011, the exemption policy has undergone multiple rounds of liberalization: cumulative purchases per person per year have been raised from $5,000 to $16,000, the number of purchases has been completely liberalized, and the consumer base has expanded from air arrivals off the island.
Tourists travelling to and from the island by air or train (trailway passenger shopping is cumbersome and is expected to be limited in the short term) and the range of duty-free goods has also been expanding, with the addition in February 2015 of goods of great interest to our consumers, such as milk powder, healthy foods and air purifiers, which are more responsive to the real needs of consumers.
Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery, China Travel (601888): Tax-free Dragons are on the threshold of a new growth cycle, without considering the tax-free release restrictions of $5,000 upon return to customs (problems of actual customs enforcement), Chinese consumers
In view of the strong purchasing power of our residents, the liberalization of the exemption policy is expected to result in a significant increase in the number and amount of shopping places, in line with the construction of an international brigade in Hainan Province.
The policy direction of the cruise islands is also in line with the country’s trend towards leading the return of consumption, and we believe that the policy of duty-free access to Hainan Island is promising to enter into a new liberalization cycle. (2) The Bay resort is included in provincial planning, and tourism and leisure facilities are being developed.
The Sanya Bay “National Coast” resort is one of the 27 provincial priorities identified in the Hainan Master Plan.
On the one hand, the Sea Bay shopping center itself will expand the project to achieve a promotion from a shopping mall to a tax-free town. In August 2015, the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shopping centre was officially upgraded to a Sanya International tax-free city, while companies and companies will work together.
The municipality of Sanya has signed a strategic cooperation agreement that combines the two main lines of project construction and client development to implement the strategy. From “shopping” to “free city”, duty-free retailing is no longer the only business, and companies will create high-end tourist experience centres with diversified industries as a whole, with good synergies with duty-free shopping.
In January 2017, the company announced that it had agreed to invest 600 million yuan in the construction of the Tri-Asian Sea Bay Rivermin Island project, which was built into the Tri-Asian Sea Bay tourist shopping, catering, leisure and entertainment industry.
One business centre. The project covers a total area of 4.57 million square metres and 47,000 square metres of construction (3.2 plus 1.5 below ground) and is currently approved by the relevant authorities and is largely operational.
The Center for Tourism Experiences, under the theme of luxuries of business and vacation products, is actively promoting the project's rules.
On the other hand, the hotel belts in the Bay are being improved. With the arrival of the Seaton Bay tax-free shopping centre, Seagull Bay has become the fastest-growing high-end hotel in Sanya City.
The centre is essentially within 6 km, and the top-class hotel belt in Bay Bay is being formed. For example, the larger Tria Atlantis Resort Hotel: the project is located in 2.2 km south of the Bay Shopping Center, built with 10 billion dollars invested by the Resurvender Group and started work in 2014 and is expected to open by the end of 2017 and will become operational.
After the Bahamas, Dubai, the world’s third largest Atlantis Resort in China.
As mentioned earlier, duty-free shops are an important source of luxury goods for high-income groups in the country. And, as high-end hotels gather along the coast of Bay Bay, high-end hotels will synergize with tax-free shopping centres in Bay, further stimulating the purchasing power of the high-income tourist population in Asia.
The development of the “air, sea and air integration” traffic network, which will become an important point on the eastern line of the Rim, is clearly described in the plan as promoting the integrated connectivity of the province's “sea, land and air stereo” transport system.
In addition, Hainan will upgrade the existing strontium ferry facility and strive to open a ferry, thereby connecting Hainan high iron to the country’s high iron, which will significantly reduce the time it takes to travel to Sanya in two wide areas.
The third phase of the multi-billion-dollar San Phoenix Airport is expected to be completed within the year, and the air terminal will be expanded to 100,000 square metres, with a guaranteed annual passenger capacity of 20-25 million, an increase of about 15-44% over 2016 (1.737 million). The new Sanya Airport will be opened during the year, aiming to be operational by 2020, and will be positioned as the “sea Silk Road”
International Portal Hub Airport. In addition, during the course of the year, efforts will be made to complete the second expansion of Boone Airport, and the second expansion of Milan Airport will be completed next year, as well as to accelerate the construction of Luangzhou Airport. (4) The possibility of additional duty-free shops will not be ruled out in the future.
In the 2011 Ministry of Finance Circular on the Piloting of the Hainan Passenger Free Shopping Policy, the Ministry of Finance did not impose restrictions on the number of duty-free shops off the island, but merely provided for a “one-stop shop” model for the establishment of duty-free shops.
The plan covers the period from 2016 to 2020, so that the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan does not preclude the creation of additional duty-free shops at important high-calories and ports such as Seagate, Sanya, etc.
3.3.1 The airport has a high tax-free status and contributes the bulk of its revenue to the tax-free industry
Data on global tax-exempt sales, 57.3%, also show that 91% of its 2016 turnover, an increase of 1 pct over 2015, highlights the importance of airport-exempt shops. The same is true of our tax-exempt industry, which in 2016 accounted for only three airports (northern) of the national duty-free turnover.
The capital of Kyoto + Shanghai Pdong + Shanghai Rainbow Bridge account for 43% of the duty-free stores; together with some second-line airport duty-free shops under the China-China flag, which are close to 50% of the business. Thus, it can be said that in the tax-free industry, those who have won the airport won the world, and those who have won the Hong Kong International Airport and Beijing Capital International Airport in 2017 were the world's marchers.
3.3.2 Winnering the Hong Kong airport cigarette and wine banner opens the process of internationalization. In January 2017, the company announced that the Sino-Governance Group had agreed to participate in the Hong Kong Red Cape International Airport tax-free concession.
In April 2017, the company received a Winning Notice from Hong Kong Airport confirming that China Free-Lagdell Ltd., a group-controlled company, obtained a license plate for the Hong Kong Airport tobacco and alcohol tax-exempt product for a period of business from 18 November 2017 to 30 September 2024.
The Hong Kong airport is very competitive, except for the tax-free bid.
In addition, Dfs, Japan, Lotte, Dufry, Niro, Thailand, etc., were among the competing competitors. The range of the bid included tobacco, alcohol, and fragrance, with Korea’s new tax-exempt offer of the aromatics business.
Tax retailing is an important business block under the umbrella of the Group. The Group owns more than 2,700 duty-free shops, including over 130 airports and 700 railway stations in more than 25 countries/areas in Europe, North America and Asia and the Pacific, with a sale value of Euro3,662 million, about RMB 26.8 billion, and is ranked fourth in the world.
The division is a joint venture of the Sino-China Group to compete for Hong Kong Airport with the Lagdell Retailed Tourism Asia Pacific Corporation (a company under the Lagdell banner that is fully responsible for duty-free operations in the Asia-Pacific region), with 80% of the shares free, and 20% of the shares. The Sino-Colonel group is able to escape from the many competitors, its own strengths, and the debt ratios of the original operator, dfs themselves.
In our view, there are also the following reasons: (1) the strategic reorganization of the United States and Hong Kong Travel Groups in 2016, where the shares of the United States and the United States are assigned to the Chinese Tourism Group (the former Hong Kong China Travel Group), thus exempting China from the high level of recognition in Hong Kong, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East.
The competition with the world’s well-known tax-exempt operator Lagdell (global sales in 2016) has further increased competitiveness. Previously, fewer operations were exempted from overseas, with tax exemptions only for Golden Gate off the island, exemption from the Macao port, tax exemptions from the Starling Post and Cambodia.
The winning Hong Kong airport is an important milestone in the process of internationalizing Hong Kong as a country free of first-time entry into the mainstream international duty-free market. We believe that, after the successful operation of Hong Kong airport, it will not preclude a step forward in gaining access to other important international markets through strong union.
Hong Kong International Airport is one of the busiest airports in the world, with a total of 8th in 2016, 3rd in international travel traffic, and a steady increase in the number of passengers and flights in recent years. As an important international transit point, a large number of tourists from different regions stay at Hong Kong Airport, adding up to the total number of tourists travelling to Hong Kong and shopping.
According to the announcement, from 18 November 2017 to early May 2018, the company will take over the former operating shop, so the winning bid is expected to increase company performance starting in 2018.
Figure 51: Hong Kong airport passenger traffic and aircraft landings 2012-2016  Hong Kong airport passenger traffic (thousand times, left axis) Aircraft landings (thousand sorties, right axis)
We estimate that Hong Kong Airport ' s 2016 tax-free shop is worth about $4.4 billion, assuming 50% of that amount, and $2.2 billion of that amount. By reference to large international airport duty-free stores and our tracking, we assume that the Māori rate is 55%, the airport rate is 45%, and the cost rate.
Based on previous data, Hong Kong airport passenger traffic is estimated to increase by 2% per year, assuming tax-exempt sales increase at the same rate. Our tax-exempt operations at Hong Kong airport are estimated as follows:
The Beijing Capital International Airport t2 and t3 entry-exit tax-free shop was originally operated by Japan Tax-Free (China) Ltd., which expired in March 2016 when the Beijing International Trade Corporation was contracted to act as a tender service agent.
In March 2017, according to business information records, China became a shareholder in Japanese (China) holdings, holding 51% of the shares and
High-level executives have been placed on the board of directors and management. Given that Japan (China) was formerly the operator of the capital airport’s tax-free shop, China managed to raise the chances of winning the bid significantly, without violating the “only one segment of a company should be marked” and to avoid the risk that aggressive competition would result in high sales targets and withholding rates.
The bid was officially opened in April 2017, and on the basis of the information on the opening of the bid, it was exempted from competitive bidding t2, and competitive bidding t3 took place on the previous day (China).The contract was signed in August 2017, where it was agreed to complete the delivery of the operating area within six months from the date of the signing of the contract and to operate for a period of eight years from the date of delivery of the operating area.
In our view, the exemption from the main day (China) and the successful winning of the capital airport, t2+t3, are important for our tax-free industry, and industry integration is either about to begin.
• The capital airport is large, with a tax-free turnover of about 17 per cent of the country. The city’s airport, which received 4,427 million yuan in 2016 and a net profit of 377 million yuan in 2016, accounted for 17 per cent of the country’s tax-free turnover and played a major role in the tax-exempt industry.
. From the t2 competition, the conditions for exemption are much higher than those for mid-suppliers, depths, and rabbits, indicating that the Central Rabbit Group has an absolute advantage in terms of visibility, type of goods, and ability to purchase incoming goods, and is able to support higher business targets and cut-off rates.
At first, the t3 bid was not positive, and Joo won a total of 60% of the business mark for the business goal and the rate of deduction over Japan, but the final victory in the subsequent technical bid selection suggests that the consolidated strength of the operator is even more important than that of the regional operator.
China’s tax-exempt industry has a national scope, and its turnover is much higher than Pearl’s, either in stock management, bid negotiations, and marketing campaigns, or reveals a trend toward industrial integration. This is the case with China’s tax-exempt industry.
With 13.35 billion yuan, the largest operator in the tax-exempt industry in the country, and the eighth largest in the world. This is either an indication of the overall approach of central integration of the tax-exempt industry.
In general, t2 and t3 international passenger share is 830 million yuan + 47.5 per cent deduction rate, t3 minimum lease rate is 2.2 billion yuan + 44 per cent deduction rate, and the concession rate is 1 per cent of income. In addition, it is assumed that the Māori rate is 55 per cent and the renovation investment is 15,000 yuan per square metre and is amortized over five years.
Other costs, such as labour and energy consumption, amount to $392 million, with no other income and expenditure, and an average annual contribution in 2018.
Revenue and net profits are calculated on the basis of the Chinese National Travel Report, and the income tax calculation does not take into account loss recovery for the sake of simplified calculation 3.3.4 concerns about follow-up action at Shanghai Pu Dong + Rainbow Bridge Airport, as well as requests for tenders following the liberalization of the port entry offices Shanghai Pu Dong International Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport are currently operated by Japan (Shanghai) with the right to operate
By March 2018, we expected the bidding process to start as soon as possible by the end of the year. In 2016, 270.096 million international passengers at Shanghai Pundong International Airport, the largest international airport in China and China.
The two airports in Shanghai together account for about 6,853 million, or 26% of our tax-free turnover in 2016, are important tax-free resources. We do not rule out the possibility of avoiding the possibility of purchasing Japan during a tender at Pudong Airport, if most.
In the end, it will be 20,801 million yuan, or 80% of the country’s tax-free turnover, and will be ranked seventh in the global duty-free retail trade, based on 2016 data. This time, 51% of the shares in the acquisition day (China) and the joint winning capital airport in the United Day (China) will also be opened.
At the same time, the capital airport is close to saturation, and the new airport in Beijing will be built in 2019, while the two airports in Shanghai are not yet saturated, and therefore the Shanghai airport duty-free shop will be more competitive. In addition, the duty-free shop at the border crossing, which was opened at the beginning of 2016, has received a higher level of attention.
According to the joint publication of the Interim Measures for the Management of Duty-free Shops at Seaports, the State Department agreed to 13 airport ports in Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Xiaoshan, Chengdu, Qingjiang, Nanjing Luang, Shenzhen Bian, Kunming Long Shui, Chongqing Kitbei, Tianjin Ria, Dalian, Zhou Shuiko, Shenyang Tao Xianyang, Xi An Xianyang and Urumqi, Shenzhen Fukuda, Wanggang,
We have managed the above-mentioned 13 airports and other major airports across the country, and we have been able to coordinate the tax-free bidding process for the 13 airports mentioned above.
Of the 13 airports open for entry, 11 have completed the bidding process, out of which 6 have been awarded, only Hangzhou and Shenyang have not completed the bidding process, and we will follow up closely with the results of the bidding. 3.4 Cross-border electric power suppliers: introduction of self-employed cross-border power suppliers “back-purchase” with a competitive advantage.
On September 14th, 2017, China-China cross-border power providers “go back” to the line and operate independently of Sanya City stores. Re-purchases followed a sales model of “direct logging + direct mail + real-estate” for sale at tax-free prices, with a positive and price advantage over his cross-border power provider.
Figure 56: Repurchase official presentation 3.4.1 Overview of cross-border power suppliers: Industry maintained high growth, regulation became clear
The usual meaning of cross-border power suppliers is an international business activity that is the subject of transactions in different environments, through e-commerce platforms, where transactions are concluded, progress payments are settled, goods are delivered and transactions are completed through cross-border logistics. In 2016, our country ' s cross-border electricity suppliers as a whole (including imports and exports) reached 6.3 trillion yuan, an increase of 23.5 per cent, compared to 23.5 per cent.
The volume of transactions is 1.1 trillion yuan, an increase of 22.2%, or 17.5% of the total volume of transactions. At this rate of increase, both the scale of cross-border power suppliers’ transactions and the number of users are slowing down, but this is mainly because the early base is low, leading to excessive increases, and the market is still significant in terms of volume.
Consumers usually refer to cross-border electric power suppliers as b2c operations (and sometimes sealifts) that are imported by cross-border consumers. In 2016, the number of users of b2c imported by our cross-border electricity suppliers reached 41 million, an increase of 78.3 per cent over the same period.
Cross-border importers can be classified as platform and self-employed, and platform-based (to attract third-party operators to the platform) trading counters do not interfere with the operator’s business behaviour (Skycat International); self-employed (operators purchase, store and sell themselves)
The model is relatively heavy, requiring judgement on products that may be sold hot (goods-only international, koala-sea purchase); some cross-border power suppliers and platforms; and self-employment (Kyoto-global purchase). The back-to-back purchases in this case are self-employed cross-border power suppliers.
From a regulatory point of view, in July 2014, the General Customs Administration issued the Proclamation on the Regulation of Goods and Goods Related to the Entry and Exit of E-Commerce of Cross-border Trade and the Proclamation on the Adding of Codes for Customs Regulation, which formally recognized the legitimacy of cross-border electricity suppliers and clarified the regulatory framework.
In April 2016, multiple ministries jointly issued a circular on a policy on retail import taxes for cross-border electronic commerce, clarifying the limits of cross-border electricity traders’ transactions and methods of collecting taxes. Overall, regulatory policies are becoming clear and will contribute significantly to their health.
3.4.2 Re-purchase core competitiveness: positive security + price advantage. We believe that the main advantages of re-purchase to cross-border power suppliers are positive security and price advantage. Because of the fact that purchases are not carefully checked, and the fact that sea-coated counterfeits occur, the factors most often taken into account by our sea-coat users are taken into account.
According to the official campaign, back-buying is based on a sales model of “direct logging + direct mail + real-estate” with the exception of existing duty-free procurement channels for the purchase of goods with the same level of assurance that the real goods can be branded in a relatively short period of time, as is the case with the under-line duty-free shop.
The cost of a self-employed cross-border power provider is mainly derived from commodity purchases, and the risk of operating is mainly due to stock build-up. Repurchases and purchases are avoided from sharing procurement channels, with an advantage in terms of the purchase price itself, and repurchases are added to the volume of procurement avoided, which is conducive to increasing bargaining power and reducing procurement costs, thus supporting lower sales prices.
More than 30 years of retailing of duty-free goods, growing “with the strong purchasing power of our consumers”, with a wealth of retail experience, are at a relatively low risk of stock backlogs in the selection and procurement of imported goods, especially luxury goods, without the transfer of traditional cross-border power players.
Indeed, “tax-free-price sales” in official propaganda mean that companies bear taxes (consumable taxes and 70% of the statutory tax on value-added taxes), and the price advantage associated with the purchase may be the central reason for the low-price buy-back. From the development of other cross-border power providers, there is often an initial operator’s subsidy of taxes to maintain low-cost marketing practices.
But it is often difficult to sustain, so back-buying has a more competitive price advantage.
4.1 pairs of duffry, the increase in the Māori rate due to the increase in size of the Duffry Headquarters, established in Switzerland in 1865 as the world's largest retail tourism business, generated 7,829 million Swiss francs in 2016, or RMB 53.2 billion; net profit was CHF 46 million, or RMB 300 million.
In recent years, the net profit of dufry has fluctuated considerably, mainly as a result of a large number of extended M&As and the corresponding increase in tax-exempt operating rights and trademark amortization, as well as the rise in labour costs.
Despite the high volatility of net profits, the Māori ratio of dufry has risen steadily with the increase in the size of the harvest, in terms of rising procurement volume and market share and increasing bargaining power over suppliers, thus reducing the cost of raising the Māori rate and demonstrating good economies of scale.
The recovery grew rapidly, and the Māori rate did not continue to rise after reaching its peak of 58.96% in 2013. On the one hand, the consolidation of many M&As has not yet been completed, and on the other hand, it has been affected by a significant slowdown in global tax-free sales.
There is still much room for raising the rate of free Māori for the mark duffry. In 2016, 9521 million yuan, roughly and Cnyusd is calculated as RMB 9.4 billion, compared to 45.02% in 2016. Just considering the projects that have now been identified as winning, we expect the free harvest to reach around 19 billion yuan by mid-2018.
But at the same time, we can't think that dufry is a ceiling that avoids future development. Dufry is a tax-free operator based on a market-based environment that is established and functioning, faced with a highly competitive market environment.
But the integration problems of successive M&As have also brought the Mäori rate to almost the same level in 2013-2016, and have not continued to rise as scale expands. By contrast, the M&A market is highly policy-protective, and well-known with other competitors in the country.
There are obvious advantages to both degree and business constraints, and the expansion costs are much lower than those of dufry in the process of scale-up through direct bidding. On a home-grown basis, China’s success in winning the Hong Kong airport tax-free tobacco and alcohol label in April 2017 is an important step toward avoiding internationalization.
It is considered that the future does not exclude the possibility of a “flexing” on the international stage, or even a share of the international tax-exempt giants, either from the periphery or from the neighbouring countries/regions. 4.2 vs. Korea, focus on the process of opening up the city’s stores.
At present, our inner-city shop policy is more strictly regulated: while traditional inner-city shops (off-shore) are now open only to foreign nationals, Chinese domestic stores (off-shore) are open to Chinese citizens over the age of 16 within 180 days of entry.
So, for the sake of balancing the various channels, the market stores are currently less price-efficient and more of the goods are complementary to the airport ports. In the case of duty-free stores in the city, we believe that the experience of South Korea is worth learning.
Air and port duty-free shops account for 34.68%, and Jeju Island International Free City tax-free stores account for 5.65%, reflecting the importance of intra-city shops to the South Korean tax-free industry.
Figure 68: Korea has 22 airport duty-free shops and 21 intra-city duty-free shops
In 1995, the Korean government raised the tax exemption for its residents to US$ 2,000 and in 2006 to US$ 3,000 (currently about RMB 20,000), which is higher than the current exemption for our domestic stores.
In addition to the constant liberalization of the quota, the larger share of intra-city shop sales is due to the fact that intra-city shops are easier to buy and the user experience is better. Consumers only need to show tickets and passports to leave the country.
If you buy it, you can pick it up. International branded products, such as lv, Chanel, Coach, etc., will provide the relevant certificates, and the consumer will leave the country at the designated point of the airport port at the time of departure.
The order is delivered to the duty-free pick-up point of the airport/port where you will be arriving. 1 (Semple: Kimpo Airport, Korea) A queuer will be placed in front of the pick-up point, please pick up the number and wait for the pick-up.
Moreover, since consumers usually do not go to the airport much earlier for shopping, they tend to buy goods at the airport duty-free shop for shorter periods of time. They are also limited to airport buildings, which tend to be smaller in size than in the city, and therefore less in the range of goods than in the city.
Given the size of Korea’s tax-free industry and the importance of the city’s stores, we believe that in the future our internal shop policy is expected to be liberalized. On the one hand, the foreign market’s internal stores will be liberalized to the country’s people, and on the other hand, gradually.
To ease the price, goods, and even to preclude the release of the license plates to middle-exempt and other duty-free operators. And if it is possible to attract a significant return from overseas consumption, the previously-policy fear of “market-in-country competition with traditional cabinets and airport shops” has been weakened.
In comparison with the high rents at airports, rents are relatively low and more profitable, so tax-free operators are motivated to apply.
5. Profit forecasts and investment ratings Industry perspective: Tax-exempting industries are currently experiencing a third round of rapid growth in the personal luxury market, with global sales of personal luxury goods amounting to $167.79 billion in 2016, with 32 per cent of the Chinese contribution and projected sales to 2025
With 9% annual growth, China’s consumer contribution will rise to 44%. Tax exemption is an important way for high-income groups to buy luxury goods. Tax exemption is a late start and is more strictly regulated by policy. Market participation is limited.
The most monopolistic players in the country are bound to benefit a share of the only tax-free target. The Sanya Sea Bay short-term viewers, the short-term viewers of Sanya's currents + the return of travel agencies, are working together to promote the growth of the shopping flow, and the long-term expectation of an upswing in China's tourism industry as a result of the Hainan Master Plan.
The winning Hong Kong airport cigarette and wine tag marks an important step toward internationalization; the acquisition of 51% of the shares and the joint winning capital airport, t2+t3, captures important markets and opens up the business integration scene.
It is recommended to pay close attention to the two airports in Shanghai and to the opening up of 13 ports for tenders. In September, cross-border electric power suppliers for water testing returned to the market, and the positive security and price advantages were the core of competitiveness and were expected to open up markets in the area of cross-border electricity suppliers.
The high valuations were then absorbed in the volatility of the market. At present, despite a consecutive increase in the first half of the year, a lateral comparison, catering tourism is about 43 times higher for pe (ttm) than for companies, about 33 times higher. Although the valuation is still higher than for foreign companies, considering the monopolistic nature of tax-exempt operations in the country,
In terms of current stock prices, the increase in the Māori rate as a result of the subsequent increase in size, and the change in management of the mechanisms that are the source of financial prosperity in the East.
China Travel (601888): The tax-free leader is on the threshold of a new round of growth.
The project was not as successful as expected: in February 16 16 16, the opening of 13 entry duty-free shops for tenders and the expiry of the Shanghai Pundong + Rainbow Bridge airport duty-free shop in 2018 (Shanghai) did not mean that it would be successful. The domestic tax-free sector would be free of competition: the tax-exempt industry is now strictly regulated, and only seven companies in the country would have tax-free operations.
Once the competition is liberalized in the future, it will be exempt or subject to greater competitive pressure. The tax exemption policy is not as predictable as expected: the new off-island duty-free shops in Hainan Province, and the possibility of freeing off-shore stores in the country, are uncertain.
A source of financial prosperity in the East and a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Master ' s degree in accounting, studies in agriculture and food and beverages in 2008 in all acceding countries, in 2011 in Anshin securities, in food and beverages, in 2013 in East Hing securities, and in nine years in food and beverages.
The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.