Guinji Yeh Bong (60188.sh) Integrated Tourism Industry
A pilot cross-border power provider model, universalizing duty-free goods. In recent days, the Tria tax-free shop of the China National Tourism Company has been repurchased by the Tria tax-exempt company's online power provider platform in order to avoid a tax exemption to ensure that real-estate companies are endorsed as slogans, and that commodity prices are consistent with tax-free shop prices below the Sanya line.
The import of cross-border electricity suppliers' industry attributes - thanks to the effects of rising domestic consumption and the informationization drive, the cross-border electricity suppliers' markets are growing rapidly, and consumption demand is stronger. The largest share of the market, 21.4 per cent, is the crvet market, with a 70.4 per cent share of the market as a whole, with a relative oligopoly.
The transition from c2c to b2c, where the share of b2c retail trade mode has been rising year by year, has gone beyond the c2c model to become the dominant model of import cross-border power suppliers for the first time in 2016. c2c model has been upgraded to b2c model due to the upgrading of consumption structure and the regulation of policies.
Policy attributes - encouraging policies to support industry development and regulatory policies to promote industry upgrading: Year 2014 with improvements in internal operations in Endeavour, 2017.8.30
In July, the General Customs Administration issued “No. 56” “No. 57” confirming the legitimacy of cross-border power suppliers and ensuring that 2. “The China National Travel Company's Review-Day Review is completed and completed, taxed imports are subject to the imposition of a postage tax.” Following the legalization of cross-border electricity dealers in 2014, the relevant parts were published on a continuous basis.
A number of policies have been adopted to encourage and regulate the industry. In April 2016, a 48-year policy was put in place to reform the tax system.
This is even more evident. Repurchases are mostly made from overseas warehouses, and the New Deal is avoided by direct mail from overseas.
In the forefront of traditional cross-border power suppliers, industry comparisons - cdf returns to the market with tax-free brands and price advantages: 1) exempt group 5.
Cdf buys back to traditional cross-border power suppliers with drinking segments such as quality, prices and after-sales services, globalization expansion milestones, 2017.4.7 Strengths: 2) Two cross-border electricity suppliers try to distinguish between the mid-to-business cities that went online in 2014
The main thing is a change in the subject's position with regard to the target group, which is more clearly defined, with both the free market and the back-purchase being directed to all consumers, but there's a clearly high-transformation base for the back-purchase, and the position of the free-market is relatively vague. The back-purchase is progressing on the product class and price.
Reflecting the reform of tax-exempt companies. 3) Corporate aromatics can reach 50% (86230244), when combined with the Japanese channel, at the cost of the company ' s taxes on consumers, passenger costs, storage logistics.
Weili1@gjzg.com.cn and website design and other costs.
The lower cost, based on the positive properties of the commodity and the flow orientation of the price advantage below the line, is expected to capture the client cost on the basis that the target population is more clearly identified and marketable.
Valuation discussion - short-term upgrading of company valuations, and attempts to buy back cross-border electric power platforms will also guide consumers to domestic consumption, with the ultimate goal being consistent with tax-free ventures: tax-exempt traders have a natural advantage in cross-border electricity, and channel advantages and tax-exempt brands of state companies will be the platform's best spot.
And the license-based business model supports group-free value premiums, coupled with the retail industry’s industry’s characteristics, and it is possible to increase the value of the tax-exempt industry in conjunction with tourism and retail trade valuation levels, with a reasonable range of 30-35 times. For the label dufry and company history valuations, the tax-exempt plate is reasonable.
Without taking into account the increased performance of the tax-exempt shops at Guangzhou and Hong Kong airports, it is currently calculated that the high rate of airport upgrades has led to a decline in net interest rates;
1. The situation in the imported cross-border electricity suppliers market, where the Matthews effect highlights the rapid growth in the cross-border electricity suppliers market and the stronger demand for consumption as a result of the effects of rising domestic consumption and the informationization drive: according to the Chinese e-commerce research centre, mid-2016
The size of the country’s imported cross-border electric power provider’s market is 1.2 trillion yuan, a 33 per cent increase. Compared to the traditional low level of foreign trade, cross-border electricity suppliers have become new growth points in foreign trade, with import cross-border electricity providers accounting for 11.4 per cent of import trade.
With the continued fermentation of domestic demand and the gradual universalization of the imported cross-border power provider platform, the size of the city is expected to reach 1.8543 trillion yuan in 2017, an increase of 54.5 per cent over the same period.
Among imported cross-border electric power platforms, accounted for by total turnover, the largest share of the mecoola market was 21.4 per cent, followed by Skycat International, which accounted for 17.7 per cent, and the third was the country-only, accounting for 16.1 per cent, where the market of imported cross-border electricity was relatively concentrated, with Cr 4.4 reaching 70.4 per cent, oligarchy.
The ratio of b2c retail trade patterns of imported cross-border electricity suppliers has been rising year by year: the ratio of b2c models of imported cross-border electricity suppliers reached 58.6 per cent in 2016, surpassing, for the first time, the c2c model as the dominant import cross-border model. The importance of the b2c model in imported cross-border electricity suppliers has increased mainly because it is in line with c2c
By contrast, b2c has high-quality goods and high-quality services. In the context of consumption upgrading and policy norms, consumers focus more on product quality and user sense, and the c2c model adapts to policy regulatory requirements.
In 2017, the b2c model is expected to account for 64.4% of imported cross-border power suppliers.
In 2014, imports of cross-border electricity suppliers began to be legalized, and policy support led to industrial development: the first pilot importing cross-border electricity suppliers were opened in 2012 (Jungzhou, Shanghai, Chongqing, Hangzhou, Ningbo, five cities): in August 2013, the State Department office transmitted the report of the Ministry of Commerce and nine other ministries, including the Ministry of Commerce, to China
(b) Monthly cross-border access to Shanghai: Shenzhen was approved as the seventh country pilot city for cross-border electricity importers in July 2014 and the Customs Administration issued “No. 56” “No. 57” in July 2014, confirming cross-border movement.
The year 2014 is the first year of a cross-border electric power provider, whose development has been guaranteed by circular No. 56 and circular No. 57 issued by the Customs Department, so many enterprises import the cross-border retail power vendor industry through the Policy East Wind Bureau, on the basis of a consultation from Ire.
The data show that the volume of trade in imported cross-border retail electricity suppliers reached $11.843 billion in 2015 and increased by 111.9 per cent in 2014 compared to the figure of $11.9 per cent.
In the case of large and small cross-border electricity suppliers, since they are involved in the procurement and sale of cross-border products, industrial supervision needs to be progressively strengthened on an enabling basis to ensure normal order in the industry. Following the legalization of cross-border electricity suppliers in 2014, several policies have been issued, and the national regulations of June 2015 have been adopted.
In April 2016, a new tax system was introduced for goods that are retailed in transit by cross-border importers of electricity, resulting in a reform of the tax system and a white list system: in May 2016, taking into account the time needed for the New Deal to adapt, the General Customs Administration issued an Office of the General Customs Administration.
With regard to the circular on matters related to the implementation of new regulatory requirements for the retail import of cross-border electronic commerce, the New Deal has been suspended. It has been determined that in November 2016 the Ministry of Commerce announced that the transition period for the regulation of retail imports by cross-border electricity suppliers will be extended to the end of 2017.
Tax reforms affect costs, while the List of Retailed Imported Goods for Cross-Border E-Commerce will affect the setup of goods for cross-border electricity suppliers, and the harshest cross-border power provider policy since 2014 will make the operation of small and medium-sized enterprises more difficult and the Matthew effect more evident.
After the introduction of the New Deal for Cross-Border Electricity Dealers, the back-buying platform was set up to directly distribute the direct overseas mail model: taxes, which are treated equally for any cross-border power provider, the difference is whether the tax is on the consumer or the platform, and the post-New Deal tax rate is partially on the consumer.
Part of the product is covered by a tax system, and the group repurchase platform sets the price of the cross-border power provider as a tax-free price, with a different view of the company’s profit from the concession to the consumer. Of course, many of the traditional import cross-border b2c power provider platforms were also used in the pre-market extension phase.
The back-purchase platform, which is currently in the pre-test phase, will be a major advantage of the platform, and the cost of the tax will be covered through corporate product adjustments and improved channels.
Because the New Deal requires a positive list to state that the " first line " of online purchase of bonded goods is subject to a cargo clearance bill, the traditional cross-border power platform is simply unable to provide the qualifications and documentation required for customs clearance.
For distribution, the main imported cross-border power provider platforms are now operating a direct mail mode in overseas warehouses, which is already at the forefront of traditional cross-border power suppliers.
3.1 Together with the self-employed business model, the key is that the source stability and services category is integrated, with the self-employment group developing vertically and from integrated: in terms of business model, imports Cross-Border Retailers can be divided into vertical self-employment, vertical platform, integrated platform and integrated self-employment
The main pains of a platform-type cross-border power provider are that it is difficult to invite large brands to enter, and that the quality of small brands is difficult to control. The self-employed are primarily responsible for pre-sale commodity selection, supplier management, operation, logistics and services, and self-employed.
The problem is that sku is limited. Currently, integrated self-employed electricians are predominantly represented by the mesh kola, directly by the mini-red books, the datums and the honey sprouts, and market structure is the largest in the total gmv of integrated self-employed imported electricity suppliers, with 21 per cent of the market share.
Net-Ecorra is based on a combination of self-employment and backsliding with the advantage of its tax-free channels to build cross-border power suppliers Platforms: Web-Ecola is located in self-employed and refined products, guaranteeing the quality and price of commodities by shortening the supply chain, and previous commodity sales have turned into leading consumer life to increase consumer deposition and repetition
Purchase rate. The advantage of the first overall scale is: 1) the pre-expansion of web-friendly brands, currents and financial reserves that can support web-friendly platforms: 2) the procurement advantage of selected products: the location of eight countries and territories across the globe, the extraction of commodities from abroad, and the use of web-based data
Precision procurement is possible: 3) with larger insurance warehouses and foreign warehouses, storage logistics capacity is strong; 4) marketing promotion can benefit from web-friendly media genes and resources. Compared to the business model and advantages of the Internet-Ekoura Sea, the three-year tax-exempt shops run a back-purchase cross-border power company platform, in the case of:
There's a certain advantage in product channels and flows, and the positive properties and price advantages of duty-free goods can differ from the current cross-border power supply platform, while the consumption flow of off-line duty-free shops can be quickly guided.
Figure 11: Analysis of the individual breakdowns under the self-employment model - Self-employment complex 3.2 Net easy-to-cuscala logistics model is divided mainly into direct mail and insurance, back-purchase from Hong Kong warehouse and direct-mail overseas. Logistics model is concentrated in both direct mail and insurance. The difference is in the next order and the size of the transport: import across borders.
The logistics model for retail operators is three main models: direct mail, insurance, and collection. The medium direct mail model and the insurance model are the main models. The direct mail model is distributed from the customer’s point of order, and the insurance model is used to store goods in the national tax area (Huangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Chungzhou, Chongqing, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai).
Tianjin, Ningbo, goods are entering the country before they are cleared by the user. The aggregating mode replaces zero-sale transport with the aggregating mode, resulting in cost savings. With the introduction of the cross-border power provider administration on 8 April 2016, the premium model was affected, and the cross-border importers began to deploy directly under the New Deal moratorium of one year.
The Sino-China Repurchase platform is mainly based on the Hong Kong warehouse or the overseas direct mail mode. The net is the largest tax warehouse in China, while overseas warehouses are deployed, radiating East Asia, East Asia, and East Asia.
South Asia, North America, Europe and Oceania: According to the Chinese E-Commerce Study (100ec.cn) survey, national and regional libraries with logistically insured areas arriving from 3 to 7 days and direct overseas mail arriving from 7 to 14 days; web-based Icola sea-ordered commodities covering beauty makeup, daily domestic food and digital items, among others, include:
More than 5,000 brands, storage logistics in 80 countries, with the largest amount of bonded storage in the net-e-Kora Sea, amounting to around 300,000 square metres, and the first “day after” service in the cross-border industry: offshore-e-coala offshore warehouses are now irradiated in East Asia, South-East Asia, North America, North America,
Europe and Oceania. Backloading is currently in the test phase, overseas warehouse layout is not announced, and direct deployment of overseas warehouse and Hong Kong warehouse in this area will have relatively high costs. 3.3 deep analysis of the e-coola model and profit projections for cdf back.
The Internet-based e-Cola platform has been growing rapidly since it got online, with large-scale offshore deployments launched in the first half of 2017: the Internet-based e-Cola was officially launched in March 2016, with a combination of self-employment and a range of processes from product procurement, transport, logistics, warehousing, etc. are controlled by companies. Official data show that 2017
During the 618th year, the performance of the mesh kola rose by 500 per cent, and in 2016 the gmv was about 21.1 per cent of the revenues from mail, electricity and other operations of 2q17 million yuan/+68.9 per cent.
The cost of getting a customer is about $100 per person for Internet-friendly media resources and brand advantage. Cdf of the Cdf buy back compared to other cross-border power providers has such advantages as quality of goods, prices, and after-sales services: cdf operates as a tax-free shop under the C2C flag and can sell goods.
Quality is endorsed, while the current price is set as a tax-free shop below the Sanya line, which meets a range of consumer requirements for real goods, prices, brands, etc., compared to traditional cross-border power providers. In mid-December 2014, the group was able to access a cross-border power provider – a closed market – and closed by the end of 2016.
The second cross-border attempt to distinguish mainly from the change in the subject's orientation, which is clear for all consumers, but there's clearly a high conversion base for back-purchases, which is relatively vague. At the same time, back-purchases are in the category of goods.
There have been advances in prices that reflect the reform of tax-exempt companies. The website has not yet been officially promoted, and in the future, tax-exempt brands and prices have been used as the basis for tax-exempt shops at Sanya and Airports as the basis for tax-exempt brands and prices.
Back-purchases are now merely on-line, making it possible to achieve a 50% Māori ratio when combined with Japanese channels: back-purchase platforms are also dominated by self-employed clusters, which can be accessed through tax-free channels. Prices for commodity prices are generally priced in line with tax-exempt shops, and tax-free prices are universal (as opposed to their)
His cross-border power provider has a price of about 20% lower. The combination of corporate spices with Japanese channels can reach 50%, and the future Māori rate can be much higher (about 25% of the current tax-exempt store in Sanya Bay). Cost ends include the company’s tax charges for consumers, the cost of getting customers,
Costs such as warehousing logistics and website design operations. The tax rates are relatively fixed, accounting for 11.9% of the combined cross-border tax rate.
It is expected that the return purchase will be controlled on the basis that the target group is more explicit and marketable, assuming a rate of 10% (from new users to browsing to consumption).
In the form of direct mail, the cost is relatively high, about 15%, the cost of manual services on the line is about 5%, and a back-to-back model of 8-10% net interest rate can be achieved when it matures under such a cost assumption. Of course, the profit estimate is done on certain assumptions, and the company's back-to-back mode is still in place.
Test status, subsequent marketing, product set-up, branding, etc. are all unknown. Online cross-border platforms need to consider users’ experiences to allow them to sink.
Harmonization of cross-border channels inevitably leads to a shortage of explosives, and how to set up guaranteed product supplies will be a problem that needs to be explored and addressed by back-purchase platforms across borders.
Tax-free markets drive domestic consumption, and policies are expected to be biased, and the only Chinese travel under the umbrella of the National Finance Committee will benefit from this: China's economic growth model has shifted from one that relies mainly on investment demand and demand-driven patterns that rely mainly on domestic demand-driven patterns and that boost domestic consumption.
Under the national strategy to boost consumption, tax exemptions are expected to be a breakthrough for boosting consumption, bringing back overseas consumption from the Mainland to the domestic gdp. Tria stores will be back in business, and attempts to buy cross-border power platforms will also lead consumers to consume domestically.
The ultimate goal of maximizing demand in the context of a cost-effective scenario is consistent with tax-free ventures, while tax-free traders have the natural advantage of conducting cross-border electricity suppliers, and the best point of entry will be the channel advantage and tax-exempt brands of state companies.
A combination of retailing and tourism, the moat support valuation: the domestic tax-exempt industry is dominated by national harmonization, with a high share of domestic consumption, and is more monopolistic. The increase in bargaining power following the increase in tax-exempt size is consistent with the retail sector.
The value of the tax-exempt industry is likely to rise 30-35 times the reasonable range of valuation space. The tax-exempt plate is 32 times the reasonable value of the mark dufry and company history valuation.
Short-term valuation of the opening of a cross-border power provider platform increased to 35 times, corresponding to the level of pe in dufry 2011-2014 Figure 22: level of pe (ttm) in cross-border access 2014 - 2017
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: Scores, after which averages are calculated to arrive at the final rating, as average market investment. Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.