Davis double-clicked with a cycle and growth symbiosis, and the demand for the panel was strong, the supply was limited, and the industry was going to continue to be high.
Between May and December 2020, panel prices continued to rise, with average television panel prices increasing by more than 65 per cent for each size. Supply: Korea’s exit strategy for lcd was clear, delayed exit effects were limited, future production capacity for lcd in the country was limited and capacity constraints could not be alleviated in the short term. At the demand side: product innovation has led to a big television screen, which is expected to increase in size in 2021.
Long-term demand of about 13 million square metres. The equivalent of 8.5 generations of two 90-k-month production capacity: residential office and Internet classes: surged volume of laptop panels between 5 and November.... Monthly volume of shipments increased by 44.5 per cent on average: Olympic Games in 2021, European cups will be a powerful pull-up of panel demand: downstream television producers are currently in stock for only 4.3 weeks, far from the point of view.
In five weeks, secure stocks are expected to increase supplies and drive panel demand. By 2021, lcd is still undersupplied, and panel prices will remain high.
The profit level is expected to continue to rise, with 30% of the billboard price going up. The oled layout is going well, with a rapid upturn in the volume of shipments, with 471 million tablets reaching the smartphone amoled panel in 2019, with a penetration rate of 30%. dsc forecast, 2026 worldwide.
The year is expected to see the use of an ltpo-driven path, leading to a continuous upgrade of the olid screen technology. The layout of the oled production line in Kyoto East was smooth, with three 6-generation lines with a full postpartum capacity of 144 k/month. The release of capacity led to a rapid increase in the volume of olid output, which was expected to be 23% worldwide in 2023 as Kyoto Oriental production capacity continued to be released.
In 2021, Kyoto East is expected to provide apples with about 10 million zeroed panels, contributing about $700 million in revenue. Equity incentives were granted, core employee interests were tied, and Davis, the panel’s long-cycle and growth symbiosis, hit twice.
On the one hand, the ecliptic period continues, corporate profitability continues to rise, and on the other hand, the oled shows a rising global share of the screen, becoming the bottom of the Kyoto East.
A round of growth poles, a build-up of equity incentives, and a panel tap with both cycles and growth symbiosis of Davis.
54 times the value, considering the company’s leading position, we think that the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating.
The position has continued to consolidate, the oled has made a breakthrough, the supply and demand patterns are tight, the industry has risen, the price of the 1.1 panel has continued to rise, and the industry has risen.
The rise in the panel price in February-March 2020 was mainly due to labour shortages, logistical transport difficulties, and a severe impact on the panel supply. In April-May, with the gradual recovery of the supply capacity of the panel vendor and the impact of the new crown outbreak on demand, downstream manufacturers were active in promoting pre-positioning, suppliers of end-South Korean manufacturers had limited capacity to withdraw from domestic producers and supply and demand to improve the pull of liquid crystals.
The price of television panels has risen rapidly. Since May 2020, all other types of prices have increased to varying degrees, a relatively flat increase compared to the price of television panels. According to the two-year low, 24% of the price in May. The price of flat panels (10.1 inch; 1280*800; ips/ffs) is December.
29.2 United States dollars (US$) per plate, which began at the beginning of the year with a modest and steady increase of 8 per cent for the entire year. The monthly cost of the notebooks (15.6 inch:led (slim):hd) was $50.2 per piece, with a 20 per cent increase since May. Small- and medium-sized panels were higher than the price of the television panels.
The volume of tvlcd exports increased by 90%, 38%, and 12%, respectively, compared to 20q1. The tvlcd output increased by the smallest but the largest increase in prices, while the production capacity of the Central Korean factory withdrew from the & new production line and the supply increased by a limited amount.
Cost-control capabilities are at a disadvantage compared to Chinese enterprises, and product advantages are difficult to maintain as the technical threshold of lcd is significantly reduced; second, the market saturation and oversupply in 2018-2019, with the double pressure on lcd operations for long periods of unprofitable time, has opted to shut down the LCD production line. Korean manufacturers have announced plans to launch part of the production line.
Capable, mainly p7 and p8 lines. P7, p8, with current capacity of 95k/month, 100k/month, with current global capacity at 1.7% and 2.2%. Samsung now has a total of 1-7-2, l8-1, l8-2,3 large-sized lcd production lines on the mainland of Korea, with current capacity of 165k/month, 105k/month, 133k/month, with current global capacity at 2.9%, 2.3%, 2.9% and lg.
With about 2.9 million square metres per month, the current global capacity ratio is about 11.9%, and while there is currently some delay in the withdrawal of Korea’s plant due to the tight supply of panels, the total withdrawal of the lcd capacity is a strategic plan of the Korean manufacturer. Delayed withdrawal is mainly due to the demands of customers such as three-star downstream electronics, mainly supplying internal customers, and being subject to capacity constraints such as material shortages, with limited impact.
Icd’s additional capacity is limited, and the delivery time is delayed. The output expansion of several major producers’ new production lines totals about 3.2 million square metres m/month, with an additional capacity ratio of about 14.7%.
Meanwhile, as the overseas epidemic continues, Japanese equipment imports and engineers are affected to a certain extent, and there is greater uncertainty about the completion of the new production capacity. The time of production in the State of Fuji Conceppo is 20 years, but it is currently less than half the capacity of the design product. 2020q4 has further affected production due to a tight supply of g10.5 glass panels.
In 2021, there was a limited increase in the capacity of large-scale panels. Taken together, the Korea plant exit was highly determinative, the total additional capacity was limited and affected by the epidemic ' s impact on the pace of production, and the expected potential for concentrated release was lower in the short term. We assumed that both the additional and exit capacity were completed by the expected time and production and the linear changes.
63.1.2.8/62.3/64.2 million square metres, with an average production capacity of 63.1 million square metres per season, an increase of 4.6 per cent compared with 2020, and the withdrawal of Korean factories from accelerated industrial chains to mainland China, increasing the share of global production by mainland producers. The planned total withdrawal of lcd capacity from this round will raise the global share of China's continental panels.
Fifty-four% went up to about 63% in 2020, continued to about 75% in 2021, and is expected to rise to about 80% after 2022. We believe that an increase in the global share will strengthen the bargaining power of the top panel, and the company’s profit center is expected to rise significantly.
At present, product innovation and graphic upgrading are concentrated on large and super-sized products, especially those of 55 inches and above. These upgrades include 8k resolution rates, miniled backlights, quantum dots (qled), high colour domains, high dynamic (hdr) contrasts, ultra narrow borders, etc.
The inability to achieve these new features in smaller sizes like 32 inches, 43 inches, and 50 inches makes consumers tend to buy large-sized televisions. For example, 4k TVs are typically 45-6 inches and 8k TVs are generally 70-75 inches. Technological advances will be made in the future, with the average size of flat-board television increasing from 47.3 in 2020 to 49.3 inches, with a significant increase of two inches a year;
The average size of the television panel is expected to reach 52.2 inches in 2026. According to a global television market of 247 million in 2020, about 13 million square metres/year of additional demand due to the increase in size was reached in 2021, representing a significant increase in the volume of two 90-k-month laptops, a positive downstream vendor and a surge in the volume of laptop panels.
Economics and Internet needs have increased the volume of laptops. According to strategyanalytics, q3 global laptops were worth 62.2 million in 2020, up 34% from the previous year. Moreover, according to Reuters, the current global inventory of laptops has been the highest since 2008.
The volume of shipments has increased rapidly since May. The laptop panel grew by about 50% in May-August and slowed down after September, but the large sporting events will still have a strong pull on the demand for panels. Historically, sales of China's liquid crystal panels in even-numbered years (sport years) have grown at an average rate of about 11%, and single-numbered years (non-sport years) at about 0.4%, as the epidemic subsides, the 2021 Olympics.
Major events, such as the European Cup, are about to begin, and they have a greater impact on the demand for television. Moreover, we predict that, because of the need for immunization, many of the events will be limited to the number of people below the line, or even empty, the demand for the television panel in the 2021 sporting event will be more powerful than in the past even years.
The impact of the epidemic has led to a significant drop in the sales of television brands 2020h1, an increase in the sales of television brands at H2 and an increase in the sales volume of h2. According to avcrevo data, the volume of global television exports in 2020h1 is 90.5 million and in the third quarter is 66.5 million.
In the first three quarters, a total of 157 million. As a result of the delayed release of demand from h1, the global television output of the North American market Black Five and the Chinese market Double Eleven will reach 247 million. And, in its full year-on-year dimensions, it is only 240 million in 2019, and it is expected that the demand for tv will remain essentially stable in 2021.
Weeks, well under five weeks of secure stock, which is difficult to reduce before the end of the year. Twenty years, especially in the fourth quarter, banks have been under-served for weeks, and the procurement of television brand manufacturers has been faced with double spear shields with high panel prices and spikes, which are also important reasons for stock strains. We believe that, because supply and demand patterns are difficult to break in the short term, television manufacturers will be faced with a combination of short-term supply and demand patterns.
Pressure on the volume of goods, choosing to add panel stocks to the higher price point, thus bringing about a full increase in the price of panels. Figure 8: Trends in the stock of traditional Chinese television producers, millions of square metres. The third quarter of the volume of demand is expected due to sports events starting in June-August and the demand of television producers for supplies.
Millions of square metres, an increase of about 6.7% over 2020, and with the above-mentioned discussions on both supply and demand, we judge that the gap between supply and demand in 2021 continues to be narrow compared to 2020. Among these, the demand for q3 was driven by sports events that started in June-August and the promotion of H2 television producers, resulting in a significantly lower demand than 10% of supply and demand.
Balance of supply and demand 10 per cent. The 21-year quarterly capacity gap is 1.9/1.7/5.3/1.1 million square metres, with 1.4 acquisitions and expansions occurring in 21 years, leading positions consolidated, output expansion has been smooth in recent years, volume and volume are the world's first, and the status of the lcd tap in Kyoto has been consolidated in recent years.
Kyoto East has invested heavily in lcd, the lcd line that has been in production for the last five years is close to 150 billion and is a high-generation line, with capacity rising rapidly. There are currently six self-built production lines of more than 8.5 generations in Kyoto East, including two 10.5 generations, of which Wuhanb17 is still in production and climbing.
I. Global television panels in 2020 amounted to 78.8 mm square metre and 14.4 m square metre, or 18.3 per cent, from the east of Kyoto, the world ' s number one. From production capacity and delivery, the east of Kyoto is the world ' s leader. Figure 10: Global LCD panels in 2020h1 (millions of pieces)
According to the announcement of 24 September 2020, a total of $12.1 billion was offered for the acquisition of the Nanjing Electric Panda Display Technology Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Nanjing 8.5 Generation Line”) 80.831% equity and the Chengdu Electric Panda Show Technology Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Sengdu 8.6 Generation Line”) 51% equity will be awarded in Kyoto East.
8.5 generation lines, 1 8.6 generation lines, and 2 10.5 generation lines. The congener consultants predict that the acquisition of the g8.5&g8.6 generation lcd line for the electric panda in Kyoto East, together with the expansion of its own capacity, will result in a market share of 28.9 per cent in the world ' s large-scale lcd market by 2022.
galliumzincide (galliumzincide) zinc oxides, a thin membrane crystallization technology, are one of the components of the metal oxide panel technology. They have high resolution, high brush rates, high brightness, and low energy consumption, which are necessary for large-scale oleds.
Panel prices are associated with high profitability, and high prices drive high profitability. We select 32/43/55 insulations to represent the average monthly price of the season. By comparing panel prices with those of Tokyo Easternroe, we believe that the profit levels in Kyoto East are largely consistent with panel price trends. On the basis of the above analysis, we maintain high prices for 2021 in conjunction with the above.
In 2021, we expect a significant increase in profits in Kyoto East. In 2017, h1, the panel prices were high, and Kyoto East thought that the profitability levels in Kyoto East would be high for a long time.
The market size of amoled will expand rapidly, and China’s production capacity will rise rapidly. The amoled screens have the advantages of light, curable, visible, high contrast, short response time, good seismic resistance, and are widely used in end-products such as smart hands machines, wearing equipment. According to the Omdia data, in 2019 the amount of smartphone amoled panels was 471 million.
The penetration rate rose by 26-30% in 2018, and the scope for future upgrades is still very large. In the future, as amoled technology becomes more sophisticated and productive, penetration rates and market size will expand rapidly. Global market size was $26.5 billion in 2018, rising by 19 to 30.4 billion in 2019. dsc projected global income from the amoled panel could increase to $46.2 billion in 2023.
In 2026, the market size will be around $60 billion, and in 2018-2026, 10.7 per cent of Gagr, while the market size of the oled market has expanded, the capacity of the oled in China has risen from 5 per cent in 2017 to 20 per cent in 2019, and the dscc projected that the oled capacity of the country will reach 43 per cent in mid-2025.
Figure 13: Global market size of amoled (millions of United States dollars) Figure 14: Share of energy produced by individual countries. Apples are expected to use an ltpo-driven path, leading to continuous upgrade of the oled screen technology. ltpo (low-temperature multi-crystal oxide)
A new backboard technology. This new process combines the advantages of an ltpstft process with a strong power drive and a power leak from the oxdetft process to achieve a higher charge migration rate, stability and scalability at low production costs. Similar to the applewatchseries 5 and series 6, the ltpo allows a cell phone to have a signal function and helps to increase battery life theoretically.
According to dscc, of the four iPhone 13 machines launched in 2021, the pro series is expected to use an oed screen with low-power ltpo technology to pave the way for 120hz.
Figure 15: ltpo structure Figure 16: a-si, igzo, ltps technical characteristics Statistics
Tens of thousands, 286% more than in 2018, and 3.6% more globally, after Samsung, with a 30.2% domestic share in the highest volume of shipments. Hundreds of millions, with a significant rise in the share of exports from Kyoto East to 6.9%.
Lines, six-generation flexible aoled production lines are on a mass climbing slope: Chongqing, sixth-generation flexible amoled production line project has been completed and is expected to start production in 2021; the Fuzhou project is planned. All four production lines are 6 generation lines, with a planned monthly capacity of 48,000 units. With 3 production lines reaching design capacity in 21 years, the year 2021 amoled production capacity will reach 4.8 million square metres in 2021 in Tokyo.
As a result of the continuous release of productive capacity, the company delivered 16 million soft-appled units in 2020, with a year-round target of 40 million pieces, which is 2.35 times that in 2019. According to ubiresearch, the small-scale area of uned in Kyoto East will reach 6.27 million square metres in 2024 and will continue to be maintained, with global market coverage at that time.
In about 22%, there is a huge improvement over the 3.6% in 2019. If the future investment in the olid is increased, new production lines are created, or expansion plans are implemented, the volume and share of the goods are expected to rise further.
The iPhone 13 series, launched by Apple in 2021, is expected to maintain a 4-type strategy and will all use the oled screen panel, which is expected to provide about 10 million pieces in the east of Kyoto. According to Japanese news, the price of the oled screen (with an accompanying drive) used for iPhone 12 is 70 dollars per screen.
Equity incentives are granted, core employee interests are tied, leading performance is released, equity incentives are given to core technical talent, and unlocking conditions are a sign of long-term development confidence.
The announcement of the first award of stock options and restricted shares to an incentive audience and the first award of the same day to an incentive audience of 1988 managers, senior technical cadres; and the award of 321.813,800 restricted shares (at a price of $2.72 per unit) to 793 incentive recipients for corporate directors, senior managers and internal company scientists, vice-presidents (vp level), senior executives
Technical experts, directors-general (general director level and above, senior specialists), technical experts, middle managers (Assistant director, deputy director, 2) Māori rates are no less than the 75-square value for the firm. 3) Combined growth rates of business income for am-oled products are no less than 15%. 4) Combined growth rates of business income for the smart system innovation industry are no less than 20%. The stock options and restricted stock incentives scheme is based on Kyoto East.
Together with the unlocking conditions of equity incentives, the firm’s confidence in its long-term performance is evident. The panel has entered a new landscape, where demand is expected to continue to flourish, Korea’s exit from the lcd product has led to limited supply growth.
With the rapid expansion of the market size and the increase in the share, the business will increase significantly.
In the lead, we believe that the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating. (1) Television output is below expectations: television panels account for about 70 per cent of lcd production capacity, and demand decline has a greater impact on demand for panels (2) Overseas producers ' LCD exit is slow: delays in exit from Korean manufacturers will increase panel supply and affect panel prices
(3) The capacity of production is not as high as expected: the slow pace of oamoled capacity will reduce the volume of company-led shipments. The company's financial statement projections are aggregated. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, was employed in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and obtained the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.