In 2017, Southern Airlines achieved business income of 127.5 billion yuan, an increase of 11.05 per cent in the same year: net profits of shareholders in listed companies of 5,914 million yuan, an increase of 16.97 per cent in the same year.
Domestic routes are in high demand and international routes are growing at a slower rate: in 2017, the overall, domestic and national southerly rpk is increasing by 11.93 per cent, 10.66 per cent and 16.01 per cent, respectively; the ask is increasing at a different rate.
By the end of the reporting period, the size of the South Air fleet had reached 754 aircraft, an increase of 7.2 per cent over the same period; a net increase of 86 aircraft was planned for 2018, with 11.4 per cent for the same year, and the passenger rate had risen markedly, with a steady rate of return for the passenger km: the demand of the company had increased at a rate higher than the supply rate throughout the year.
1. "Or the greatest beneficiary of the air situation upwards -- resulting in a marked rise in the occupancy level; overall, domestic and international routes have reached 2. "A surge in the demand over-expected occupancy rate, leaving only fare " .
In 2017, the daily utilization rate of the aircraft was 9.79 hours, and the gain on exchange from the appreciation of the renminbi increased: the price of domestic aviation kerosene increased by 26 per cent in 2017.
4. “Increased supply and demand for domestic routes and high oil prices have led to an increase of 34 per cent in the cost of fuel throughout the year and an increase in the cost of oil from 24.7 per cent to the total cost of oil”, South Airlines Review, 2017.8.30.
28.6%. Assuming that fuel consumption remains constant and fuel prices rise by 10%, this will lead to corporate operations. Oil price disruptions will decrease, benefiting most from the domestic market scenario. Cost increases of 3.2 billion yuan. 6% decline in the United States dollar against the renminbi throughout the year, resulting in exchange rate gains of 1.79 billion.
Gas recovery – Southern Airlines Study, $2017.5.11, compared to $3.266 billion in exchange losses in the same period the previous year. The exchange-rate sensitivity test in 2017 showed that the net profit of the company's parent company would rise by 278 million per capita appreciation of the currency.
Southern Airlines has the largest domestic fleet size and time markets. Sub-national and international markets in South-East Asia have significant advantages: either this round of aviation benefits from a contraction in supply and the marketization of fares is the largest; the internal growth rate of oil prices and exchange rates will be reduced to 20%.
The macroeconomic downturn: it will result in a significant weakening of the demand for air passenger and cargo transport, and will curb the rise in prices, which will have a negative impact on company performance. Extreme events: outbreaks of disease, bad weather, etc.
The increase in oil prices is higher than expected: if the increase in international oil prices were to be higher than expected, it would significantly lower the performance of the Aviation Department and reverse market expectations for airlines.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment