Wang Xiang Yu, opening air profit space, strongly recommended industry leaders, market-based civil aviation policies, air profitability, renminbi power, air oil prices.
Civil aviation policy is profitable for aviation: the Civil Aviation Authority, starting in the fourth quarter of 17 years, has continuously introduced a pro-business policy that provides a solid basis for the development of the civil aviation industry. First, winter supply side reforms have tightened the number of new flights, improved the balance of supply and demand, and raised the number of airline passengers.
Taiwan: The Civil Aviation Authority changed 306 routes from government pricing to market-based revenue, including high passenger flows, high-income Beijing-Shanghai, Beijing-Shenzhen, Guangzhou-Beijing, Guangzhou-Shanghai routes, higher-than-expected market-based capacity, and the Domestic Investment Civil Aviation Regulations, which were introduced on 19 January.
The share share in the three flights has been reduced to 50%, but it is important to maintain the largest shareholders and real holdings, and to further open up the scope of private investment in the three. As the civil aviation industry continues to move towards marketization, we look forward to future profitable growth of the airline industry.
Aircraft, which can reach 28.6 billion kilometres by (ask) kilometres, yoy + 9.6%, slightly more rapidly than last year. There has been some change in the pattern of transport compared to last year, with more balanced domestic and foreign transport inputs: assk 19.43 billion kilometres in 17 years, yoy + 8.2%, up by 3.8 hundred.
On the passenger side, passenger turnover (rpk) reached 23.6 billion km, yoy+12%, maintaining the trend of external turnover growth (16%) being higher than domestic growth (10%).
Winter flight supply contractions have led to higher demand in parts of the world than supply increases, and price increases throughout the year have had a limited impact: Brent crude oil prices increased markedly during the year, creating cost pressures for the company. The average price of Brent crude oil in 2017 was $54 per barrel, yoy+24 per cent, taking into account exchange rate changes.
After that, it is expected to increase the company’s crude oil cost by about $8.5 billion. Assuming that crude oil prices remain at current levels (as of 26 January, 70 dollars per barrel) and that the company’s capacity increases by 10%, the company’s crude oil costs will increase by $9.5-12 billion next year.
At $5,000, the company began to charge a surcharge for fuel, effectively covering a portion of the cost of the oil. By our calculations, at the RMB 6.4 to the dollar, the price of the crude oil at Bruntes is around $70.1 per barrel per ton, with limited impact on the company if the price of the crude oil continues to rise.
In 17 years, the exchange rate of the renminbi was unexpectedly strong, and at the beginning of 18 years it continued to be strong: 17 years of the renminbi, rising by about 6% a year, significantly reducing the financial costs of aviation enterprises. At the same time, aviation companies continuously optimize their debt structure, reduce their dollar debt holdings, and reduce exchange rate risk.
The Division generated currency exchange gains of about 2 billion when the dollar debt was reduced and the exchange rate of the renminbi appreciated.
Figure 1: Operating income (in billions of yuan)
Figure 3: Passenger turnover (in billions of kilometres) Figure 5: Financial costs (in billions)
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.