On August 25th, LanthsTech published its Mid-Year 2025 report, 25h1, and the company collected $32.960 billion.
\triangleright has continued to grow in performance and further increase in profitability. 25h1, the company continues to move forward steadily, with the main business at \triangleright
The company’s long-term development strategy has led to high-quality development and a further increase in efficiency and profitability. By completing the listing of Hong Kong’s main board, funds were raised to further accelerate globalization and optimize the product mix, adding an important platform for the company’s medium- and long-term strategic development. 25h1, the company generated $32.96 billion, yoy + 14.18 per cent;
The net profit of the mother is $1,143 million, yoy+32.68 per cent, the net profit of the non-mother is $940 million, yoy+41.85 per cent.
The consumer electronics industry has moved steadily, and new terminals have become new growth poles. In smartphones and computer business, companies complete \triangleright
With the development and volume preparation of many of the annual flagship phones, the market share and profits have grown faster than the previous year, in line with the volume of new high-end metal produced by the head clients. In the case of smart head displays and smart wears, companies have smart heads, 1. Blues and technology (300433.sz) event reviews: sprintsh
(a) Optical mirrors, structures, functional modules to complete assembly, i.e., eyeglasses and smart watches, global layouts - 2025/03/16 solution capabilities, core process areas such as optimisation of optical wave lenses and high precision automation assembly during the reporting period
2. BluesTech (300433.sz) has made a breakthrough in the three-quarterly reporting point in 2024, and has succeeded in delivering a large-scale product to the domestic head-client, i.e., the entire eyeglass machine. The company will work with more global heads-wearing companies in the future, and is expected to benefit fully from the rapid development of the industry.
3. BluesTech (300433.sz) In-depth report: Glass covers, with the accelerated and scalable industrialization of the body, rely on sophisticated manufacturing development capabilities and new growth cycles with domestic and foreign headlines - 2024/06/04
There has been substantial progress in the collaboration of intelligent firms, with the delivery of core components such as joint modules, smart hands, exterior bone equipment, and whole-of-the-board assembly, with the effect of scale gradually becoming apparent.
The \triangleright core product lines, such as b/c poles, charge poles, cabin decorations and wireless charging modules, have been put into a mass delivery by synchronizing the communications module with the domain control. In addition, the glass of the ultra thin rubber window is about to enter the bulk production phase.
With the firm’s ability to integrate vertically across the whole industry chain, the global distribution of production capabilities, and its accumulated intellectual experience in consumer electronics, smart cars and cabins are expected to become the second growth curve for companies. Investment advice: Lancet is one of the domestic consumer electronics poles, and companies are assembled in consumer electronics business.
\triangleright grabs hands, expands upstream glass, metal structures and modular products, and horizontally expands the new energy automobile business. We expect the methodological and analytical logic to lead to the conclusions of the study, to produce the report independently and objectively and to be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.