RenthsTech reported a semi-annual review of its performance: steady growth, ai empowerment to open up the horizon.
Events: LansyTech published its semi-annual report for 2025. The company achieved business income +13.19%. The company continued to consolidate its market leadership in such visual, structural and functional modules as glass, ceramics, sapphire and metals, and successfully coordinated with its head customers.
In the meantime, the company ' s vertical integration strategy continues to work, focusing on the whole aircraft assembly business. Lancet ' s revenue grew by 32.87 per cent on a year-on-year basis, effectively driving upstream ownership of spare parts.
Automobiles speed up their operations, and innovative products open up new space. 25h1 smart motors generate $3.265 billion, or +16.45 per cent, for cars and cabins. The company relies on the vertical integration of the entire industry chain with the globalized production layout, the control module, the intelligence.
b/c poles, charge poles, etc., where a strategic breakthrough has been made in bringing in the country ' s head car company ' s new vehicle-type production system, and where collaboration with global technology brands and Euro-American traditional cars is being intensified in parallel, and approval is imminent.
It is expected to raise the company’s bicycle value during the production phase. A little more flowering in the emerging field, ai being able to open up the long-term growth ceiling. Smart head displays and smart wearing operations yielding $1.647 billion, or +14.74%.
Breaking through core process areas such as optimisation of wave-guided mirrors and high-precision autoassembly, and successfully achieving the scale-up of the domestic head-client, i.e., eyeglass, was reported in the first quarter of 2025:
Delivery. Other smart-end business accounts for $364 million, a significant increase over the same period.
This is the first time that we've been able to do this, and we've been able to achieve core components, such as joints, smart hands, exoskeletal equipment, and whole-of-the-board units.
The growth in the performance of new and emerging track sermons, such as human robots, has been rapid, and the multiplicity of development enablers has long-term development prospects, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of companies.
Risk factors: consumption electronic demand less than expected; market competition increases the risk; new products cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, the Golden House No. 127, Wumenxi Street, A.D., is not as high as expected; the Maori rate is at risk of falling. In August, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Electronics Group and joined the Sunda Securities Electronics Group in November 2022.
The first securities, the Sadi think tank, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in January 2025, looking at semiconductors, etc. The Sindam Securities Electronics Group, looking at storage chips, simulation chips, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.