"LanceTechnology (300433) Deep plowing fruit chains with innovation dividends, anchoring the cause for diverse growth, 16th of September 2025.
The company is the head of a sophisticated domestic consumer electronic manufacturing enterprise, based on smartphone glass sheeting, vertically integrated industrial chains with a full chain one of "structural-functional module-set"
Station service capacity; horizontal expansion of business maps from consumer electronics, smart cabins to new applications such as ai glasses/xr head displays, man-made robots, smart retailing, etc. Public intelligence plus intelligent retailing grew by 754.2% from 2020 to 2024.
The apples, which benefited from the apple innovation cycle, revalued the fruit chain and increased the folding screen. The apples are re-engineered every 2-3 years, and the new three-year plan is launched: the iphone 17 series, with a very light air hit; the apples first folded in 2026.
In 2007, the company, in partnership with Apple, innovatively applied glass to the global first full screen touch on Liu Yinan.
On the mobile phone, the main supplier of the apple smart phone and the tablet glass, has been involved in product rotation and development for large clients for the past 19 years, and has accumulated deep in areas such as glass, metal, etc. Collapse screens: the number of screens has evolved from one screen to two or even three screens, and the models have been shown to be folded.
The biggest increase in the size of a straight screen, the utg gradually replaced the folding screen of cpi in the mainstream of the market, the flexible sheeting material, and the value of the single screen has increased significantly. The company has taken a leading position in the market position of the utg and related structural elements, has the capacity to produce fast and has further developed the next generation that can fold thinly.
Glass technology vtg, with a higher intensity, shock resistance and scratch tolerance than utg. The Department completed its listing on July 9th with a plan to raise 30% of the funds (approximately Port 1,377 million)
The smart cabin opens the second growth curve.
The trend towards the "dividing" of cars has accelerated, with an increase in the cross-fertilization of human needs for the whole vehicle, and frost&sullivan predicts a market size of $9.3 billion in 2029 for integrated solutions for global smart car interactive systems, at which point the penetration rate of the control screen, smart dashboards, and smart b-pillars is expected to reach 98.5 per cent.
It's the world's leading supplier of controls and smart b-pillars in the world's first pure electric car brand, and the automobile passenger matrix includes estra, BMW, Mercedes, Biadey, Ninder, the world's headlines.
Battery structures, core product lines, etc.. Ultra thin glue glass is a strategic innovation point for companies, has been successfully imported into the country’s head of new energy vehicles, and is expected to open up production in the second half of the year, making a significant reference to the "ai+" emerging track to accelerate growth.
1) ai/xr: ai glasses are considered to be the best intelligent entry, except for smart phones, and major firms run in. The company is deeply involved in the development and manufacture of multiple products such as rokid, the big North American customers, and covers the production of the entire chain from optical mirrors, functional modules to the whole machine.
2)ai+human robots: The company is committed to building China’s largest, highly vertically integrated, intelligent hardware core manufacturing platform to bring down human robots to the back-up. It is now working with clients such as Ji-won and Ling-Bo to provide a full-store service from core parts (portfolios, smart hands) to the assembly of the entire machine.
Delivery of hundreds of complete machines. Shares of head module and structural parts have been determined with the head clients of North American robotics, and smart hands and structures are being sampled.)ai server: company plans to focus on the one server, liquid cold module,
Connecting top-of-the-line high-value chains, 25h2 is expected to produce liquid cold-related products. Companies are deeply bound to large-client apples, benefiting from their new wave of innovation, and are opening up a second growth curve for automobiles, with early layouts for emerging businesses entering the harvest period.
We have a risk of weak downstream demand, a risk of trade friction between China and the United States, and the risk of increased competition in the industry.
Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor, and hard technology; two, smart cars, and robotics; and three, new energy trends. In the absence, and in the future, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.