New formulations are sold and the performance is in line with the pre-enactment of the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry, which published its annual report for 2018 on 20 March 2019.
In 2018, the company obtained products of 12 varieties, such as the right metomic injection fluid for hydrochloric acid.
A total of six medicines were put on the market. From 2017 to date, the total proceeds of sales of new preparations were 700 million. The company invested 1,114 million yuan in research and development in 2018, and the company ' s current research and development team was expanded to 2,593 people, building an internationally integrated unit.
In recent years, the state has been active in the evaluation of generics, in terms of their consistency, and in terms of volume procurement, which allows companies to produce multi-species generics, with an advantage of scale.
In 2018, the company continued to grow its fluid block operations, generating revenues from the sale of liquid products. In 2018, the company optimized its fluid product structure, enhanced its corporate performance, and further consolidated its leading position in the area of fluids.
The company has already completed the initial national industrial layout, with the company's helper for the purchase of four drugs taking over China's northern market, and the company is expected to grow steadily in the big fluid plate.
The company’s full-time subsidiary, Ishaikawa, upgraded the project for the construction of an intermediate of antibiotics in Ishakawa, which has been accepted through the completion of environmental protection. The release of Ishakawaning’s productive capacity led to a significant increase in income from the industry.
In 18 years, both the Xinjiang project and Sichuan Shindi, which are antibiotics, have made a breakthrough in the process, but the amount of the product will take a little while. Guangxi Collen's capacity has reached a high level of utilization and will be further optimized in the future in order to reduce production.
Ben. At present, the company has a stable profit on the antibiotics intermediate, and its advantages are clear, and its future will be to pull the whole industry chain through the full release of raw materials and agent production.
The company’s three main tracts of fluids, antibiotics, and imitators drive steady growth. The company’s net return to its mother is expected to be $1.6 billion in 2019, an increase of 33% over the same period.
Colen Pharmaceuticals published its annual report for 2018 on 20 March 2019. The company achieved $16,352 million in 2018, a year-on-year increase in overall performance, which was expected. The main factors affecting net profits were: (1) the company’s increased marketing of end-user development and fluid products.
The scale of product sales increased to $6,242 million, an increase of 66.37 per cent, and Māori to 2,664 million, an increase of 157.17 per cent. Of this, the Ishakawa Ning, a subsidiary, released a net profit of 609 million yuan, an increase of 684 million yuan, compared to that of the same year; (3) the profits of the 4x4 company consortium increased and the return on investment recognized by the equity method increased: (4) the company continued to vigorously pursue its “innovation-driven” strategy and the cost of research and development increased.
Increase to $1,114 million; (5) increase in sales and the promotion of new medicines, market development and maintenance fees, market management, academic extension fees, etc.; (6) increase in interest rates on market financing and corporate financial costs.
Consistent with its research and development strategy of “motivating innovation for the future” and based on the accumulation of generic pharmaceutical products, the company is working to move forward in the field of innovative medicines. The Colombo-based staircases are now gathering in a concentrated harvest period, leading to a dense product production in the next 2-3 years, and will also provide new growth points for corporate formulation plates, fluid plates, and huge performance elasticities.
In 2018, the company produced and marketed 12 varieties of products such as the right metomic hydrochloric acid injection fluid. Its middle-aminoic glucose injection fluid, fat milk (10%)/aminoic acid (15)/glucose (20%) injection fluid, medium-chain fat milk/amino acid (16)/pluazine (16%) electrolytic fluid, fat-amino acid (17)/glucose (19%) injection fluid
During the reporting period, companies declared 26 products, 9 of which were first produced and are expected to be approved in the future to drive growth in the company’s performance.
During the reporting period, companies declared a total of 13 consistent evaluation drugs, 6 of which were evaluated through a consistency evaluation.
Both bromine Xi-Plancs and Xi-Plan capsules, the first of the products to have a consistent evaluation and a time advantage in the market, are expected to accelerate import substitution and substitution of non-conformity evaluation varieties. In recent years, countries have been actively promoting consistent evaluation and procurement of generics, and companies have been able to produce multi-species generics with a greater size and bargaining and winning capacity.
In terms of R & D, corporate R & D investment has been growing rapidly, with research and development invested in 2018 amounting to $1,114 million, yielding rich research results. Cutting off innovation research and development teams. As of December 31, 2018, the company was awarded two clinical innovation molecules and three biotechnology drugs, and is expected to enter the product harvest period in the next three years.
Product optimization contributed to growth in performance, the strong position of the major infusion taps, and, in 2018, optimized the structure of corporate infusion products, enhanced corporate performance and further consolidated corporate leadership in the area of infusion. Corporate production and management increased further, and Māori rates continued to grow; as at 31 December 2018, companies had 124 varieties of liquid production with 292 specifications.
The company’s strategic direction is to further strengthen its leadership in the area of fluids by producing high-quality high-value products, including multi-room bag series, new large-transmission therapeutic products, and consistent evaluation products for large-transmissions. In 2018, the company actively pursued new processes to continue the process of softening, and in addition to traditional glass and plastic bottles, the company also owned non-profits.
Pvc soft bags, ppp soft bags, and stubble bags. The price of the medicine in the bag is higher than that in the glass and plastic bottles, and the fact that the bag is higher than ever before helps companies to become more profitable in the fluid plate.
Following the company ' s acquisition in 2017 of quartz, which is also the main drophead, the company has completed its initial national industrial layout, covering the north-east, China-dong, China-China, South-China and South-West regions, and the company ' s acquisition of quartz has taken over the north-west market.
The company’s share of the market in the big infusion plates is expected to increase even further through strong alliances with quartz. The whole industry chain of antibiotics has been improved, and the Thonning factory is now fully profitable.
On March 13, 2018, the company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Ishai Ishai Tianjining Plant, the branch of the company producing antibiotics, Sichuan Novidi Pharmaceuticals and Guangxi Collon, and the branch of the company, Hunnan Yooyang, producing antibiotics.
As the world’s only producer of sulfur, red, penicillin-like headbone intermediates, the Choonning plant has a full-product chain advantage, owing to the natural cost advantages of its geographical location and the advantages of environmental preservation. Ishakawaning’s productive capacity has led to a significant increase in operating income.
609 million yuan. On April 20, 2018, the four products of Ishachuanin, 7-amino-sulphate, 7-Acetyl-7-amino-sultanyl acid, and cyanide-g potassium salt were approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration ' s Centre for Drugs and Research to facilitate further international expansion of the company ' s current capacity for sulphate, 7-aca, 6-apa, and penicillin industrial salt production of 3,000 tons, 4,000 tons and 3,000 tons, respectively.
And 5,000 tons. The country’s regulatory requirements for environmental protection are increasing, some companies’ capacity is in a state of long-term shutdown, some small-scale enterprises that are unable to invest in the environment will be phased out, environmental pressures will squeeze the market supply, and supply gaps will provide some incentive to increase prices.
Figure 9: Changes in the price of various varieties of antibiotics. Small cycle after the large cycle of 10 March 2019, the price of vitamin raw materials is expected to rebound, and the price increase for Zhejiang medicine is expected to be profitable on 3 March 2019.
On February 17, 2019, with slightly higher expectations, innovation and internationalization ensuring steady growth of Heung Swe medicine.
On January 7th, 2019, the industry continued with leading companies working together to build the kingdom - the depth report - The Mid-American Fentany Incident Review, December 4th, 2018, the Foreign Experiences of the Retail Pharmacy: The Way to Growth in the United States and Japan, November 19th, 2018.
On November 8, 2018, the blue sail medical transition began again, and on November 5, 2018, a test lead was put on the market for the Hin Rissametro for Cascon powder. On October 30, 2018, it was solid and long-term in value - the three-quarter review of the health of the United States of America.
Report of 28 October 2018, pseudo-pharmaceutical series (i): United States Market Environments, 29 September 2018, thick hairs, glitters, springs, etc. — In-depth report of the Cullen Pharmaceuticals Industry, 31 August 2018, depth of the medical equipment industry series (i): Xiao Xuan, the equipment industry is sailing.
On August 29, 2018, a series of reports (iii) — Chinese feature — launched on August 24, 2018 — Henry's pharmaceutical company, Tierni, was awarded a market spot. On July 23, 2018, sales pushed for steady growth, and the big variety strategy was to build the depth of the high-quality Chinese oral pharmaceutical industry.
On July 15, 2018, the Chinese injection drug was re-stressed, and the market for children's medicine was on the rise — a review of the Guidelines for the Examination of Medical Institutions.