Colon Pharmaceutical Industries (002422), the performance of the pharmaceutical biology is in line with market expectations and can be used as a strategic target for the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company issued a fast-track performance report, which achieved business income of $16.34 billion in 2018, an increase of 43 per cent over the same period; Net return to mothers of $1.21 billion, an increase of 62 per cent over the same period. Performance is in line with market expectations, and the three driving logic is strengthening: the company achieved revenue and returns in 2018.
At 43% and 62%, respectively, the rate of growth of the lubricant ratio is in line with market expectations. By segment: 1) Large infusion (with four interests in stone): product structure continues to be optimized, the ratio of high infusion packs increases, through enhanced marketing, promotion, and through small price increases, such as in the low-price sub-region, the gross profit of the product and the Maori ratio continue to increase.
1-150 million yuan. 2) Trunchin project: core species with capacity release and with sulphate as a symbol of sulphate, prices have risen or flattened in environmental conditions, resulting in a significant increase in profits. We have a rough estimate of the net profit from the Trunchin project: 600-650 million dollars: 3) non-infusion formulations: sales of generic tablets have continued to increase, while taking into account the fact that sales of generic tablets have increased.
The new drug sales boards, represented by Calvin's three-room bag, Parishbhu and Essy Plum, are expected to reach around $600 million in 2018, and the volume of the new drug sales represents the build-up of the company's specialized product sales team, and with the company's multiple generics and the consistent evaluation of the variety, the new drug sales are on the market.
Business is expected to grow rapidly, becoming a bright spot in corporate performance. With product R & D entering the harvest period, the company is expected to step up to become one of the vanguards of domestic counterfeiting + innovation.
It is expected to enter phase three by the year 2020. In the broader context of encouraging innovation and improving the quality of generics in the country, the sum of billions of yuan. According to the semi-annual report, as of August 2018, the company had 443 projects under development in a category a, 41 clinical approvals, 38 approvals to be produced, and 10 approvals for production, i.e., the company ' s R & D layout, which is continuing to grow.
The results are expected to drive companies to become one of the leading manufacturers of generic and innovative drugs in the new era. Meanwhile, the public sector’s innovation patents have made a breakthrough in the authorization of developed countries, and the innovation adc project has launched a bed-testing study in the same period in China and the United States, marking the gradual internationalization of Colin’s drug research and development.
We believe that companies are the few firms in the country that enter the country’s first R & D ladder through sustained R & D investment, and that long-term growth trends are clear and can be strategically focused. Stock price valuations are 21 times and 16 times, respectively.
Indeed, the “buy-in” rating is maintained. Collon Pharmaceutical Industries (002422): Performance is largely in line with expectations, expecting heavy-pound counterfeiting of pharmaceuticals (2018-10-29)
Risks of loss: The downside or downside of the price of the core raw materials of the Trunchin project leads to the risk of below-expected performance: the risk of lower-than-expected progress in the development or listing of generic and innovative medicines; the release of new products on the market or below 2.
3. Collon Pharmacy (002422); Trionning Project over-expected performance, 3-drive full power (2018-07-31) 4. Collon Pharmaceuticals (002422); 3-drive full power,
5. Cullen Pharmacy (002422). The main infusion reheating + Trentin, with 2018q1 exceeding expectations, will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.