(c) Increased concentration of the influenza pandemic in the market, driving the growth of the infusion plate: in our opinion, 2018
The influenza epidemic at the beginning and end of the year contributed to the growth of corporate infusion plate performance. The company's income from the same end of the year increased by 48.25%, and we think that it has continued to grow faster throughout the year. Considering the overall increase in the concentration of the infusion industry, the company's product structure continues to grow.
For reasons such as optimization and profit from investment in quartz, we believe that the fluid plate is expected to contribute $1.34 billion to the company in 2018 and continue to provide cash flow to the company. Taking into account the further restructuring of the company's product structure and the influenza pandemic in early 2019, we believe that the fluid plate was available throughout the year 2019.
For billions of dollars, we think we can achieve a net profit of 600-70 million for the entire year of 2018. Kawaning's environmental problems were resolved, and he was fully productive in April 2018. The advantages of environmental protection were clear and the raw materials were more numerous.
Locally, the cost is relatively low, and in the context of the country's more environmentally friendly environment, the edge of the company's raw material tablet has gradually enriched the product of the company's formulation plate, which will increase its performance effectively over the long term: the company's formulation plate has continued to grow, and as it is gradually released, in 2018, it will be released in its Parishhu, Kavin, Kuaai, etc.
As it expands, it will continue to produce a growth in company performance in 2019. Starting in 2018, Colon gradually entered the R & D harvest period, where: nitroazepine, methazole, amosilin, etc., were subsequently evaluated through generic pharmaceutical consistency; and hydrochloric acid right.
Metomide, aphidine phosphate, emulsifiable amino acid (17%) and glucose (19%) injection fluids, ammonium hydrochloride injection fluids, etc.
The company’s pd-l1 mono-resistance project has been authorized on a reimbursable basis for Harbour to develop and sell Chinese products in areas other than the Tunning Islands. The company’s research and development costs 621 million yuan in the first three quarters, and with clinical treatment, it has been able to develop and sell products in China.
We believe that research and development spending will increase further as profits are made, the efficiency of the fluid plate is improved, and public experiments are carried out. As research and development costs increase, corporate research and development progresses, and product lines are expected to enrich further.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to be a parent from 2018 to 2020 with a net profit increase of 202 per cent higher than expected, and a faster development of a pharmaceutical product, owned by the company.
The company is now focusing on promoting the creation of a sales team. New 3 and Colon Pharmaceuticals (002422); imitation products can be marketed as quickly as possible, making faster profits. We think long-term companies are still better off.
The next city, where new products are marketed, growing, so we keep the “upscaling” rating. The company’s long-term growth is a matter of expectation.
Our point: Influenza and raw material plates continue to contribute to the company ' s cash flow, the company ' s formulation plate products are gradually enriched, and the future growth of the pandemic and market concentration increases, driving the growth of the infusion plate.
We believe that the influenza pandemic at the beginning and end of 2018 has contributed to the growth of corporate fluid plate performance. The company’s income from the first half of the year increased by 48.25% on a year-on-year basis, and we believe that it has remained relatively rapid throughout the year, considering the overall increase in the concentration of the infusion industry, the continued optimization of the company’s product structure, and the return on investment in quartz.
Because we believe that the fluid plate is expected to contribute $13-14 billion to the company in 2018 and continue to provide cash flow to the company, and given the further restructuring of the company’s product structure and the influenza pandemic in early 2019, we believe that the two-digit growth is expected to continue throughout 2019.
The production of raw materials was completed in April 2018. Its environmental advantages are clear and its raw materials are more available locally, at relatively low cost, and, given the country’s stringent environmental performance, there is a clear advantage for the company’s raw material tablets.
2.3. The product of the corporate formulation plate is gradually enriched and will effectively boost performance in the long term. The corporate formulation block continues to grow, and its sales in 2018 will continue to grow at a rapid rate as its volumes, such as Pareshaeb, Kavin, Kuaai, etc., continue to increase in 2019.
Starting in 2018, Colon began the research and development harvest period, in which nitroazepine, methazepines, amosilin, etc., were subsequently evaluated through a pseudo-pharmaceutical consistency evaluation: right metomic acid, phosphate, emulses (17%) and glucose (19%). Its pd-l1 countervailing project authorized harbour to develop and sell outside China on a reimbursable basis.
The company spent $621 million on R & D in the last three quarters, and we believe that as clinical trials take place, R & D spending will increase further. As R & D progresses, the company’s product lines are expected to enrich further.
We believe that long-term companies are still better growing, so we maintain an “additional” rating. The risk of increased factor costs, the risk of lower profits due to increased depreciation of fixed assets, environmental risks, exchange rates.
Risks, drug price reduction risk. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee