Colon Pharmaceutical Industries (002422), the pharmaceutical biology is performing as expected, and the marketing of new drug plates has made a breakthrough with the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved operating income of $16.35 billion in 2018, an increase of 43 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1.21 billion, an increase of 62.0 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1.11 billion, a gain of 699.0 per cent in the same year, a gain of $1.195 billion in operating cash flow, an increase of 145.5 per cent in the same year.
• Performance is in line with market expectations, with high growth in both fluid and non-infusion: the company ' s collection and return net profit structure continued to be optimized in 2018, with an increase in the share of high-value liquid packaging, and a similar increase in the Māori ratio by 7.5 pp through small price increases, such as in the low-price sub-region. We have a rough estimate of the company ' s net profit in 2018.
RMB 1.2 billion, of which RMB 150 million is expected to be invested. 2) Kawaning Project: released from environmentally sound production; 3) Non-infusion formulations: earned $2.96 billion, an increase of 55.5 per cent compared to the previous year, 18 new drugs, 70 million from the company ' s major new drug sales, and the volume of new medicines sold reflected public consumption
The Department’s specialized production team has evolved, and with the company’s multiplicity of generics and the adoption of consistent evaluation varieties on the market, it is expected that the new drug sales business will grow rapidly and become a bright spot for the company’s performance. With product research and development entering the harvest period, the company is expected to step up to become one of the pioneers of domestic generic + innovative medicines.
The company has been in the country’s first line of research and development for many years. In 2018, research and development invested $1.11 billion, and more than 490 pharmaceutical studies, of which 392 are domestic counterfeiting, 41 are innovative small molecules, 39 are biopharmaceuticals and 20 are Ndds drugs. Eighteen generics were approved in 2018, of which the country’s first four are innovations.
Pharmacy: Two small innovative molecules were approved for clinical treatment, and three biopharmaceuticals were approved for clinical treatment, with Kl-a167 entering the second phase, and Kl-a166 central US for clinical treatment. We believe that the company’s R & D layout is yielding results that are expected to drive the company to become one of the champions of generic and innovative medicine in the new era.
The value of the current stock value corresponds to 23 times, 19 times, and 15 times, respectively. We believe that the company’s three drivers are working across the board, and that the company’s growth is clear, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Collon Pharmaceuticals Industry (002422); Performance in line with market expectations, Risk of loss: Risk of below-performance due to the downside or price of the core raw materials of the Trunchin project: Risk of lower-than-expected progress in the development or listing of generic and innovative medicines; release of new products on the market or lower-than-expected
Colum Pharmacy (002422); Performance is largely in line with expectations, 4. Collen Pharmacy (002422); Triple Dynamite Full Activism. Noone has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not being, not being, nor being, directly or indirectly, a result of the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.