On December 1, 2021, the company issued an announcement to sign a non-publicly issued subscription agreement with China with conditions for entry into force.
The agreement is to move the issuers of this undistributed stock from China to China, the parent company of China, where the transfer capital is adjusted to China. The issue price of the undistributed stock is 17.67 yuan/shares and the issue volume is 288,624,700 shares. The offer is to sign in cash for a smooth increase in China's movement, and synergies drive the resonance of the industry.
\triangleright, according to the announcement, prior to the change in interest, China moved its unowned shares, and upon completion of the change in interest, China would hold more than 8% of the shares of the company and would hold the shares of the company for more than three years. In 2020, China moved itself to own 942 million households.
Mobile clients, 210 million cable broadband clients, 13,84 million government and business clients, 870 million smart connections, over 300,000 access points to owned and cooperative channels, industry, agriculture, education, government, medical care, transport, finance, etc.
China’s movement has multiple strategic resources, and this increase will continue to deepen strategic partnerships and achieve resource sharing and complementarity.
In this non-public launch, the fund-raising will be used to advance key projects such as the Solution, the three major smart manufacturing and research and development centers. In the Soul, the company will push the channel down fast; and a continuous open system around the value of the business will be built around which to sense access and integration, data points, etc.
The three centres of intellectual manufacturing and research and development build their own sustainable competitiveness and continuously enhance research, development and productization in technological areas such as multi-dimensional perception, artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data, software platforms, machine vision and robotics, 5g, network security, etc.
The development of 5g will allow the expansion of aiot from consumer-oriented applications to industrial, production-level applications, while sensors, cameras, networks, infrastructure, big data, cloud and aai technologies will be the key and core of aiot, and long-term industrial development will remain a good trend, with companies, as champions of R & D platforms, accumulating deep moats in markets, R & D, supply chains, etc.
The advantage will continue to manifest itself in fast-changing markets in the future. This time, the company is planning to introduce China as a strategic shareholder to the increase in circulation.
Report points: Performance meets expectations, and the company's long-term corporate financial statement data projections are summarized. The author has a qualification in portfolio investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,