The company reports a high increase in non-net profits, and publishes a three-quarter review of Dahuathink# - Dahua shares (002236.sz) in 2021.
Total equity (millions of shares) has been consistently improved by 56.50 per cent over the same period of increase in net profit from non-repatriation: Parity, mainly due to the bursting of high Maori thermal imaging products sales, exchange rates, regional structure during the same period last year
In the first three quarters, the company ' s operating cash flow was -12.13 billion yuan, mainly due to a sustained build-up of supplies; receivables increased by 12.45 per cent on a year-on-year basis, lower than the increase in revenue and higher quality of operations during the same period.
Corporate tog operations grew robustly with 10.79 per cent growth in income in the first half of the year; end-of-business continued to benefit from the release of demand for digital transformation of business clients, with 47.23 per cent growth in income from business tob in the first half of the year; sales and end-of-services resumed demand this year, with other income growing in the first half of the year owing to the low base of last year
45.09%. In addition, the rapid growth of corporate innovation, which continues to rise, has become one of the major engines of sound growth in the long-term "Study-Governance of the Dollar Securities Corporation" (002236.sz). Recently, Wieswig technology has announced the launching of pre-market preparations, but not yet.
In the software business, the company continues to push through a series of measures, such as the construction of provincial soft marketing organizations, the creation of incentives and the upgrading of software delivery capabilities.
In 2021 and a half, the company’s software sales model was launched, based on the “Five-All” Ideas-based Enabling Cities and Enterprises Strategy.
On October 28, the company officially launched the strategy "Dahuathink#AllIntelligent Future" to support this strategy by offering a full sense, full connection, full intelligence, full computing, all-economy all-round energy.
In this launch, the company provides a comprehensive overview of its evolution over the last two to three years and a clear description of its development strategy. In the future, the company will continue to focus on the two major armies of the city and the enterprise.
At the launch, the company also distributed new products such as the Great China Vientiane platform, the Smart Fifth Generation product cluster, and the Global 6d Sensitization Series. With the scale of technology such as one, video capability has been extended to a wide range of business applications.
In the past five years, Chen Tunan's pe has been operating mainly between 13 and 33 times and is expected to return to net profit in the next three years. There have been repeated outbreaks of new coronary pneumonia; progress in working with China's mobile strategy has been less than expected; and the need for digital transformation of enterprises has been reduced.
Unexpected: Unexpected growth of overseas markets: Unexpected growth of innovative business: Market competition plus p-band author with the qualification or considerable professional competence of portfolio investment advice awarded by the Chinese Securities Association over the past five years, with diligent professional attitude and independence and objectivity
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.