21q3 maintained high growth and strategic upgrading towards the new ai era The company issued its third quarterly report in 2021, which achieved operating income of $21,485 million in the first three quarters, 32.90 per cent more than in the previous three quarters, and $7,98 billion more than in the first quarter of 21q3, or 26.11 per cent more than in the previous three quarters.
Equity transfer gains, resulting in investment returns in the first quarter of 21q3 being down by $1,124 million compared to the same period last year. Circulation equity (millions of shares) Net profit from non-repatriation of $698 million in a single quarter, an increase of 56.50 per cent over the same period.
The company’s prices, compared to its 300-year-old trend, continue to grow rapidly, and the quality of its operations continues to improve.
At the income end, the company 21q3 continued to grow at a rapid rate of 26.11 per cent in a single quarter, at a compound rate of 21 per cent compared to 2019q3. We believe that it is still mainly the rapid growth of its 2b business and the growth drive of its innovative business.
In the first half of the year, end-b business achieved a much higher rate of growth than end-g business, with a much higher share than end-g, reflecting the gradual realization of a company’s strategy for industrial empowerment based on the technology of trustai.
Innovative industries such as storage, auto electrons, intelligent drones, smart security checks, intellectual control and intellectual control.
Rapid growth provides a new impetus for high-quality growth on a continuous basis. We believe that innovation is an extension of the company's existing products, technologies, channels, and that it is likely to build the profits of the company's medium- and long-term growth. 21q3 costs are well controlled, with 15.53 per cent of sales in the previous three quarters.
We believe that this is due mainly to the company’s strategy of continuing its high-quality development in recent years, which has led to a number of fine management initiatives. The company’s 21q3 net profit is less than the growth of the software platform.
The company's research and development system is based on the top five institutes, building up both software and hardware.
We believe that software platforms play an important role in this. Companies are now investing heavily.
Quantified report: Re-establishment of revenue year round, development of the basic software platform, construction of the Wisdom Operating System for the Pan-Pulse Industry, setting up the "One Growth, Value Revaluation Time" 2021-03-01.
The technology base of the System's two platforms, for cities and businesses, has rapidly upgraded the overall software architecture, 3. Huaanian Securities_Corporate Research_Computer Industry_Empower, Software Openness.
Quantified report _Canadian shares: i transformational effectiveness 1) Software R & D systems in One System, Two Platforms : Corporate software R & D is mainly centred around present and innovation continues to expand 2021-03-25
"One System Two Platforms." One System is the construction of a bottom-level unified software platform, which harmonizes the bottom-level architecture and protocols and allows the business modules to be efficiently sequestered and reused. Through large module reuse structures, development costs are reduced, products are made more user-friendly, and baseline products are quickly hatched.
The basic platform is built around Paas+daas, which is a software platform for the city and industry. Industry product development is built around vsaas+saas, creating a thousand-way software solutions.
2) "Yon-Wise" achieves a lightweight software program for publicly-owned cloud deployment. The company's software platform offers industry- and city-oriented solutions, and actively explores a light-weight delivery model that is represented by "Yon-Wise".
According to the technological base of the “digital intelligence” of the company in China, the company has built up a six-large line of cloud-saas applications to provide a holistic solution to the wisdom education, intelligent communities, intelligent chains, intelligent agriculture, intelligent logistics, intelligent sites, etc.
The scene has been gradually expanded: the company is now on the ground in areas such as smart public security, smart traffic, smart parks, smart energy, intelligent raising, smart water, smart finance, intelligent manufacturing, intelligent logistics, helping enterprises to upgrade their management, productive capacity, excellence, etc.
We believe that corporate landscape solutions are not limited to the analytical application of video visual and sensory data, but rather integrate a variety of sensor devices, such as visual, temperature, smoke, etc., to achieve multi-dimensional data analysis and help companies achieve ai empowerment.
• The launch of the Strategic Upgrading Conference, which was held on October 28, with a two-way and two-way layout to usher in the new era of the ai, was successfully launched on-line at the 2021 China Strategic Upgrading Conference, under the theme "Dahuathink #ChangeAge's Wise Future". At the meeting, the new Dahua shares were released.
The strategy is based on a 20-year technological build-up based on the ownership of the company’s shares, as proposed by the company’s president, Zhang Jingming.
Strategic positioning, strategic focus on cities, business, technology layouts, two technology strategies: alot, and a combination of intelligence, intelligence, connectivity, and full planning.
The five-in-a-kind foundation of intellectual ability, which unlocks the value of the confluence of wisdom, brings together partners, builds a co-building, win-win, symbiotic community of wisdom, empowers urban digital innovation and the intellectual transformation of entrepreneurship, and contributes to sustainable, green and high-quality economic and social development.
We believe that the new wave of corporate digitalization and intelligence, the launching of a new strategy of two-way and two-way approaches, from the traditional field of smart city security to the wider business class aiot and the combined intellectual platform, is a promising future.
The company maintained high growth in 21q3 and upgraded its strategy to a new era. At this point, we believe that the corporate valuation does not reflect the ability of the D.A. to become a platform and a site where the future value is expected to be revalued.
1) The spread of internal and external epidemics, restrictions on business activity and demand for orders; 2) the persistence of trade frictions between China and the United States and the impact on the stability and continuity of supply chains; 3) the global supply of chip production capacity, which affects the production of corporate products.
Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master ' s degree from Xiamen University, eight years of experience in industry and securities, formerly employed in ni, keysight, using legally compliant information, independently and objectively present this report, using data and information from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information, or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.