On December 21, 2020, the Postal Bank issued an announcement to finance $5 billion to set up 10,000 postal banks with a full-time direct-selling subsidiary of the Bank.
We believe that the establishment of a direct sales bank by the Postal Bank is expected to bring added value to the company in terms of coverage of new customers and exploitation of the value of old customers, while the Bank’s accumulated experience in Internet finance is expected to contribute better to the direct sales of banks. Compared to other Internet banks, we believe that the Postal Bank is expected to provide better services to all-inclusive customers by connecting online and offline.
Direct sales banks, which operate without contact with their customers, have a long history of operating by remote means, including mail banks, banking forms that provide services to customers at an early stage, and, in domestic and foreign practice, are mainly subsidiaries and in-house departments (the Ministry of Industry).
There are only three direct-selling banks in the country that are currently established by commercial banks and operate as subsidiaries, and the PSB’s establishment of a fully-owned direct-selling bank is in the forefront of the industry. The creation of a direct-selling bank is expected to bring added value to the PSB.
When traditional banks open direct-selling banks, it is most crucial to increase coverage of new customers, including through the Internet, or to intrude on the value of older customers, i.e. bring banks to “additional value” or direct-selling banks become simple online banks. We believe that the establishment of direct-selling banks by the Postal Bank is expected to add value to the Postal Bank in terms of opening new customers and tapping the value of older customers:
First, the establishment of direct sales banks is expected to broaden access to customers and increase client coverage. By mid-2020, the Postal Bank had nearly 40,000 offline points, servicing more than 600 million clients, and its large stock of clients, most of which were acquired by the Bank through a nationwide offline network, making the large number of offline points one of its strong competitive advantages.
We believe that by setting up direct sales banks, the Postal Bank is expected to build on the traditional underline network and expand access to customers, thus reaching new client groups, especially in economically developed regions. The Postal Bank has an excellent number of points in economically less developed regions, but it has no advantage in the number of points in economically developed regions, where the Internet is more pervasive, and thus direct sales banks can help to gain access.
Second, the creation of direct sales banks is expected to increase the means to serve customers and better exploit the value of stock. The direct sales banks established by the Postal Bank are essentially an Internet bank with a commercial bank's shareholding. As we pointed out in our special report Deep Analysis of Internet Banks: Principles and Examples, after the twenty-first century,
Internet technology has matured, and around 2004, the ugc (user-generated content) model has emerged, under which user-involved behaviour has led to a significant increase in the rate of production of data, information and content, and various Internet application platforms have begun to accumulate data rapidly. After years of accumulation, by 2008 and around, the concept of “big data” has begun to emerge. In recent years, some Internet enterprises have begun to dig deep into the value of data, try to apply data in the commercial and financial spheres, and connect.
The concept of Internet finance has been raised. We believe that the direct sales bank established by the Postal Bank is essentially an Internet bank and is therefore expected to increase the means and effectiveness of serving its clients through the use of the Internet, big data, etc. By mid-2020, the Bank had 613 million individual clients, bringing large amounts of low-cost deposits to the Bank, but compared to other banks, the Bank has the space to dig deep into the assets of its customers, the value of its wealth management business, and to sell out the bank directly.
We believe that the establishment of direct-selling banks is expected to further strengthen the capacity of the banks in Internet finance and to be fully reflected in the new technologies and the new economic context.
In recent years, the Postal Bank has actively explored Internet finance and promoted Internet finance from a variety of angles, such as digital products, scenes, and ecology. For example, during the epidemic, the Bank has introduced an innovative “Correspondent Manager Cloud Studio” to provide customer managers with a digital service window for all-weather, non-contact product promotions and online operations, with a cumulative opening of 120,000 households in the first half of this year, attracting 6.8 million visitors;
The Postal Bank has also expanded its application landscape, including through exchanges with outside Internet companies, such as the establishment of payment projects in collaboration with micro-letters, and the payment of living fees on payment lines; it has also provided a non-financial setting service through mobile banking, which has created a unique ecological layout of “Post Cafe + Postal Services + Lifescape”, with 3,674,000 real users. The Postal Bank has now closed its direct mobile banking services and is about to set up a separate bank for direct sales.
We believe that the active exploration of Internet finance by the Postal Bank has demonstrated both the innovation of the company and the skills and experience it has accumulated for the future of outright banking, which is expected to contribute more successfully to the development of direct banking. The online, offline, is linked to differentiated competition, and technology-based, inclusive finance.
We believe that, with the establishment of the pre-poster banks, the PBS as a group is expected to achieve better “online plus” services. Unlike the general Internet bank, which has only on-line service functions, PBS as a group, not only can expand its access to services through direct sales of banks, but can also better serve customers on nearly 40,000 lines, thus creating a different advantage from other pure Internet banks.
Finally, the creation of direct sales banks is expected to help the banks to improve their financial inclusion. In its announcement, the Postal Bank mentioned that the banks are expected to carry out their development mission of “Services for the Three Farmers, Small Helpers, and Inclusive People.” Direct sales banks operate on the basis of scientific and technological means such as the Internet, and are expected to reduce the cost of inclusive finance and to improve it.
The reserve bank's current fundamentals are stable, the latest disclosed three-quarters budget provision has returned to normal, the profit rate has risen, and we maintain the earlier profit projections, the continuing weakness of the macroeconomic situation, the over-intended easing of monetary policy, changes in regulatory policy, etc., may have adverse effects on the bank, including the quality of assets, the net difference and the author's assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on his own professional understanding, and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seek to be objective and fair.