Company evaluation report  Banking provision to relieve stress release performance, Postal Bank (601658.sh)
Wuping Company issued a three-quarter report for 2020. 1) Relieved by a provision for stress mitigation, o3 single-quarter net gain rate improved
During the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved operating income of $216,263 million, an increase of 2.80 per cent in the same year, Zhang 1 latitude 2) a narrower round of decline in nim, optimized asset structure and continued advantage in the cost of liabilities
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved net interest income of $18,64.03.0 million, an increase of 4.03 per cent over the previous year, a slightly higher rate than in the first half; q3 year-on-year growth rate of 5.58 per cent, an improvement over q2; net interest differentials, a narrower round and a higher level of peer lending.
The cost advantage remains significant, as compared to the greater share of the industry. By the end of September 2020, the growth rate of q3 in corporate capture deposits had improved significantly, while other non-interest-bearing earnings had suffered a loss on exchange and reduced investment returns. In the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved net non-interest income of $29.860 billion, a 4.25 per cent reduction in the same year.
The rate of increase shifted from positive to negative, with a 25.32 per cent decline in the year-on-year ratio for the o3 quarter, mainly due to other non-interest-bearing income decreases of $14,952 million in net income, an increase of 11.18 per cent in the same year, better than the increase in the first half of the year, with a 27.14 per cent increase in net revenue for the o3 season and commissions, and a significant improvement over q2 and projected for agents
Other non-interest-bearing earnings have been reduced and there has been a loss on exchange. The negative rate has stabilized at a low level in 2020, with 60 billion yuan in sustainable debt issuance granted to help strengthen capital.
The split point, which is lower than most listed banks; the 403.21 per cent coverage, compared with the 60 billion yuan in permanent debt issued by the Division at the beginning of the year and the end of June 2020 respectively, has helped to further strengthen capital capacity and increase capacity to respond to stress challenges and support the real economy.
The company is the leading large retail commercial bank in the country, with a strong capital and a wide network of outlets, with a strong retail business advantage; a narrow net interest margin, with an upward asset-end lending ratio of over 90 per cent, with a significant cost advantage; and an asset of excellent quality, with a low rate of non-performing loans in listed banks.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Any part of the report has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.