Postal banks have increased profits and assets of excellent quality Retail banks have a strong deposit base and assets of excellent quality, 3 seasons
As the economy stabilizes, the growth of the company is steady and positive, maintaining its rating.
3-quarter fee revenue performance was excellent and the provision was weakened 3-quarter fee revenue performance by the Postal Bank, which led to an increase in net fee revenue in the first three quarters compared to the rate of increase in the first half of the year (+4.17%, yoy) to 11.18%.
Rate fluctuations result in a net loss on exchange, a drag on it, a positive increase in retail credit and a positive spread in the first three quarters compared to the first half of the previous quarter.
The median asset end-of-end rate of return increased by 6 bp over the second quarter; the liability end-of-cycle cost ratio increased by 2 bp over the second quarter, but the upswing was less than two quarters (+7 bp, qoq). At the end of the asset, three quarter loans were active. Retail loans increased by 1.1 percentage points to 56.5 per cent over the end of the six-month period.
The reserve bank has a negative loan rate of 1 bp to 0.88% below the end of the three seasons and 33 bp to 0.13% below the end of the two quarters based on our measurement of the Division's annualized undergeneration rate of 33 bp to 0.13% below the end of the three quarters.
Excellent and low emerging stress, 3-quarter end-of-season coverage ring rises by 3.09 percentage points to take into account the impact of the epidemic on operations in the first half of the year, and the fact that companies consider the uncertainty of the epidemic, and take a large scale of increases in the provision, with a small downscaling of the company from ps to 0.69/0.75 (formerly:)
The downside of the economy has resulted in a higher than expected asset quality.
The Postal Bank published the third quarter of 2020, with net profit falling by 2.66 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020. Total assets amounted to 11.13 trillion yuan (+10.12 per cent, yoy/+1.53 per cent, qoq). Of this amount, loans + 16.2 per cent yoy/+3.12 per cent qq; deposits + 9.17 per cent yoy/+1.42 per cent qq. Business income 3 quarter fees showed excellent performance and reduced the provision.
In the first three quarters of the year, the net revenue from charges increased to 11.18% compared to the previous three quarters (+4.17%, yoy), and operations such as bank cards, electronic payments, etc. At the same time, the net interest income increased by 4.03% compared to the previous three quarters (+3.25%, yoy) at a higher rate than the first six months (+3.25%).
Losses, resulting in a slight decline in the previous three quarters of the year (+2.80%, yoy) compared to the previous six months (+3.35%, yoy). With the increase in cost revenue compared to the same period last year, profits fell 0.9% from the previous three quarters, compared to the previous three quarters.
The first three quarters ranged from 2.40 per cent, down 12 bp from the same period last year, but the three quarter spreads were stable. According to our initial end-caliber measurements (a deviation from the actual results), the company ' s three Li Li Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-L, with the asset-end rate rebounding in three quarters and the ring 6 bp up in two quarters; the liability end-cost ratio was 2 bp up in two quarters, but the up range was small.
In the second quarter (+7bp, qoq). At the end of the asset, three-quarter loans were actively invested, with a 3.12 per cent increase over three-quarters, a decrease in the percentage of structural instruments, a 5.49 per cent decrease over two-quarters. At the end of the year, retail loans increased by 5.12 per cent over two-quarters in general loans after the deduction of instruments, and the share of loans driven by retail loans increased by 1.1 percentage points to 56.5 per cent over the end of the six-month period. At the end of the year, corporate deposits increased by 56.5 per cent.
The quality of assets is excellent, the base of the provision is further tightened, the quarterly annualized negative yield ratio is between 33bp and 0.13% below the 2nd quarter, and both the non-performing loan rate and the negative rate of production are kept low in the public banks. From a risk-resistance perspective, the company’s stock of assets is of excellent quality and low new pressure, and the company has three seasons.
The reserve bank has a strong retail base, a strong deposit base, and excellent asset quality performance, and a three-quarter profit upswing supermarket forecast. Considering the impact of the impact of the epidemic on operations in the first half of the year, and companies’ consideration of the uncertainty of the epidemic to maintain a large reserve.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)