Researchchand developmentcenter is preparing a slurry station to be mined, and high-purity C is on the market.
- For the first time, SkyTechnology (600161), a report prepared for the construction of a slurry station, and the incremental contribution of high-purity C on the market (600161.sh)
As of 2023, life in the sky is a platform for professionalization of blood products under the Chinese biological flag, with a leading advantage in the country. The company is one of the companies in the blood products industry that has a higher rate of use, a higher variety and a better standard of blood plasma. As of 2023h1,
The number of slurry stations in the sky is 76, and 26 are in the lead nationwide. According to the company’s 2023 performance forecast, in 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $5,182 million (a year-on-year ratio of $1 billion to 28.3%) and a rapid increase in slurry upscaling performance.
The number of slurry stations and the profitability of ton slurry are key to the profitability of the blood industry. The company’s new slurry plant is expected to contribute to an increase. We believe that the blood industry is expected to continue to grow in the future as the country’s population is ageing and the clinical awareness of blood products increases, and the capacity of producers to combine plasma use is enhanced.
The number of slurry stations and the profitability of ton slurry are key to the profits of the blood industry. Currently, more than 20 medium slurry stations are being built. As the slurry stations are being prepared, the amount of slurry from the sky is expected to increase rapidly, and there is scope to increase the profitability of the company in comparison with the company ' s ton of slurry, and with the company ' s high purity of small items like Silicon C.
In September 2023, 10% of Chengdu was approved, with a better safety and effectiveness than three generations, for emergencies and better losses.
Liquid safety and tolerance. We believe that there is still much room for improvement in the per capita use of Qing C in our country as clinical awareness increases and adaptations expands, that Qing C has greater potential in the domestic market, and that Qing Bian Bian has a clinical advantage and is expected to contribute to an increase in performance.
The leading industry in the product industry, which has increased and dropped (%) in the last month, we believe that the bioblood industry is expected to contribute to the increase in plasma, as new products such as high-purity semen, clover factors, etc., continue to materialize.
Revenue from blood products is expected to grow rapidly. Catalysts for share prices: new slurry stations are approved, slurry or bulk issuances are overexpected, end demand is high. Risk factors: policy risk, risk of single plasma stations being approved and regulated, risk of insufficient supply of raw materials, risk of supply of raw materials
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Peking Sky Forum Biological Products Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Team Organisms” or “Colleges”) is a state-owned high-technology enterprise engaged in the development, production and marketing of blood products.
In 2017, for reasons of distinction from the parent company's business, the Atoba biodiversion vaccine business was dedicated to the blood and liquids industry. In December 2017, the Atoba bio-consumption shareholder, China Biotechnology Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Chinese Life”), acquired 10% of the share in Doulong. In 2010 and 2017, after two major asset restructurings, the Atoba was born.
According to the company’s mid-2023 report, the company is studying and producing blood products, mainly human blood protein, human immunoglobin (ph4), tetanus immunoglobin, rabies, hepatitis B, and frozen dry.
As of 2023h1, there were 76 slurry stations, 26 slurry stations were prepared, and the number of slurry stations remained a national leader.
The amount of production, the variety of products, is at the highest level in the country, and the production of blood products has a large market share in the domestic market and has combined advantages in terms of quality, size, brand, etc. According to the company, the structure of the planet's biological shareholdings and subsidiaries are shown in figure 1.
The group is the largest, most sophisticated and integrated pharmaceutical and health industry group in China, directly managed by the State Finance Committee of the State Council, and is based on the distribution, retailing, R & D, and production of health-related products such as prevention, treatment and diagnostic care. The group was ranked 113th in the world’s top 500 corporate list for the year 2023.
It was formed jointly by the six biological research and development companies of Beijing, Changchun, Chengdu, Lanzhou, Shanghai, Wuhan, and the Ministry of Health, one of the largest and most comprehensive biopharmaceuticals conglomerates of the country. The company, based on the resources of the Todo Medicines Group and China's bio-shareholders, fully exploits the strengths, equity and management of the shareholders of the company.
Figure 1: Terrestrial bioequity structure (as reported in the tri-quarterly report, 2023) 2019-2023. Corporate income and net return profits continued to grow in 2019-2023 and, according to the company ' s annual performance forecast, in 2023.
In the first half of 2023, the company's blood-protein camp received $1,196 million (compared to 132.64%), which we believe is driven by increased clinical awareness and demand for post-epidemic blood products.
In terms of the number of slurry stations, the company has increased the number of new slurry stations under construction in the last three years. In terms of asset cost, the company ' s non-public distribution of shares in 2021 led to a greater increase in assets, and in 2019-2023, q1-3, the company ' s debt pressure was relatively low, the total assets were presented with increased clinical awareness of blood products and increased demand. The supply of slurry stations was limited in number.
The blood products, as reported in the Terrestrial Organism 2023 and in the Perrin Organism 2022, are separated, purified or prepared by recombinant dna techniques for treatment and prevention, and consist mainly of three types of products: proteins, immune proteins, and cretins.
In terms of prevention and treatment, blood products have an important and irreplaceable role to play in the prevention and treatment of other drugs and are part of a strategic and indispensable national stockpile of supplies and first-aid drugs for major diseases.
In China, where the blood industry is controlled in terms of the total volume of enterprises producing blood products, the industry of blood products is in a state of chronic oversupply, with annual slurries accounting for only about 16% of the world's slurry, and the largest number of enterprises, with a potential for growth compared to the mature market in Europe and the United States. Moreover, compared to the countries of Europe and America, our blood industry has a potential for growth.
There is still a gap between production and per capita consumption, and there is much room for growth in demand. High-regulated industry entry barriers in the blood industry, scarce and irreplaceable raw materials, strong state regulation, prolonged supply of blood products, increasing concentration in the industry.
With fewer than 20 blood-producing enterprises remaining, global blood-producing enterprises have been concentrated through M&A restructuring, with more than 80% of the top five overseas blood-producing enterprises in the market, and the industry as a whole has been monopolized. In recent years, our blood-producing enterprises have increased their concentration in the blood-producing industry, including through mergers and acquisitions.
In the long run, industry integration is still on the rise, with larger firms with resources, finance, technology, size, and so on, with the division between leading and average firms.
The concentration in the blood industry is increasing, or will increase further. The study on trends and investment risks in the blood products industry in China, 2022-2027, published by the China Industrial Research Institute, shows that the size of China’s blood products market in 2022 was about 51.2 billion yuan (+24.0% of the year) and is projected to be in the city in 2023/2024.
In 2022, the Chinese blood market was the largest in terms of human blood protein, at 66.1 per cent, and the immunoglobin and condensation factors markets, at 22.0 per cent and 6.7 per cent respectively, respectively, with China now having a high concentration of blood products, which together accounted for 45 per cent of the country’s total slurry by the three enterprises until 2022.
As shown in figure 10, a 20 per cent market share for a planetary organism, with a share of 14 per cent and 11 per cent for a Shanghai Leis and a Wallam biological market, respectively, has increased slurry, increased production, and increased domestic blood in recent years through applications for a single-manufacturing plasma station.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, in 2011, the Ministry of Health proposed a “multiplier” plan to double China's total slurry over the next five years. Under the “multiplier” scheme, blood stations and single plasma stations have been built in all regions. In 2011-2016, the number of single plasma stations in the country increased from 146 to 226, with cagr reaching.
11.5%. Businesses mobilize blood donation and focus on increasing single-station slurry over five years, increasing average single-station slurry from 26.4 tons to 31.4 tons, and cagr from 4.4% to a total slurry of 3858 tons to 7,100 tons, basically achieving the “multiplier” target. In recent years, as a result of the epidemic, the rate of national slurry growth has slowed, with the first breakthrough in 2022.
Ton size, but there is still a large gap with actual blood demand, and it will take time for our blood products to become self-sufficient because of restrictions on the import of blood products other than proteins. The clinical awareness of blood products after the epidemic has deepened and demand has increased.
In the future, the blood industry is expected to continue to enjoy a high profile as a result of the expansion of the combined use of plasma in the production industry. The amount and ton profitability of the slurry station is the key to the profits of the blood industry.
After a statistical analysis of the number of slurry stations and annual slurry levels in the three leading companies, we find that the number of slurry stations approved by the planetariums between 2020 and 2023 has increased significantly, that the volume of fueled slurry increased in 2022 and that the peak of slurry at the newly opened slurry stations will take several years, and that the amount of slurry will be fully realized.
According to the announcement of the three listed companies, calculated on the basis of the slurry station (excluding construction in progress): in 2022, the average slurry station produced by the planetarium was slightly more than 33.92 tons/home. 2) Shanghai cuisine has received few new slurry stations since 2017, but the slurry volume has grown in a volatile manner, indicating the average of single slurry stations.
The output increased, with an average single slurry station output of just over 34.2 tons per household in Shanghai in 2022. 3) Analysis from the ton slurry profitability level: the share of other blood products from the planetarium was relatively low, and the total ton slurry profit in 2022 was lower than that from the Chinese and Shanghai cuisine.
According to the company in mid-2023, three research and development topics have been completed, namely, recombinant human cdensation factor viii, human fibre protein, blood cdensation in Lanzhou, blood enzyme compound, and are in the process of being registered in the public domain: immunoglobin, recombinant human cdensation factor viia and Shanghai blood-crete cellulose protein.
We believe that, as the company prepares to build a medium slurry station and becomes operational, the company’s future slurry will have the potential to grow, and the coagulation factor products are expected to contribute to the growth of the blood products business. The net profit from the Wiran Biobloods business, which we estimate from our total profit deducting the net profit from the vaccine business, is not the same as the actual situation; in Shanghai, there were $2.7 billion in imported proteins in 2022.
The clinical advantage of the first four generations of the country, 10% of the concentration of serenity C, which we calculated with the Māori share, was evident.
This is the country's first autonomous R & D production of the fourth generation of selenium (hereinafter referred to as “10% selenium”). Ten percent of the key ceremonium process has autonomous intellectual property rights, and many quality indicators are higher than China's and Europe's pharmacological standards, and the process is upgraded to an international leader. Ten percent of the ceremonium is on the market.
The production of blood products has been completely upgraded by the technique of layer-based separation of purity, which will further increase the purity and recovery rates of products, increase the combined use of plasma and product types, and enrich the structure and pipeline of blood products. 2.1 According to China's Blood Products Public, 5 per cent of the three-generation methcs and 4-generation methcs are visible in the production process and clinically.
Production processes: 10% of the production process is upgraded to international leadership using international leading-level purity techniques (accumulative sedimentation + two-step ion exchange processes) and virus extinction and removal techniques (lowph hatching +20nm filters). Many quality indicators are higher than those of the Chinese and European Pharmacies, high purity, sugar-free seepage, etc.
Risk impurities for all types of adverse effects (e.g. allergies, soluble blood, blood clots) have been reduced. 2) Clinical safety: several studies abroad have confirmed the safety and effectiveness of 10% of ivig under different adaptive conditions, as compared to 5% of the product, which works quickly for emergency response.
1 Hospitalization: high-concentration infusion programmes, reduction of the time spent on infusion, improvement of the efficiency of treatment, reduction of the medical burden, medical conditions: 2 soluble blood: effective reduction of anti-a, anti-b haemoglocrete drops in products, reduction of the risk of adverse effects of soluble blood exposure, and further improvement of the safety of the use of viig by patients with risk factors such as non-o blood, high dose use, etc.
Carnal kidneys are safe: sugar stabilizers affect product penetration, with potential risks for kidney damage.
4 blood clots safe: Effective removal of coagulation factor xia reduces the risk of ivig-related haemorrhage in patients with basic diseases (e.g. past blood clot history, high condensation state, etc.) at large doses. 2.2 Take good note of the expansion of amplosis and the scaling up of clinical use.
Since the twenty-first century, the fourth generation of high levels of static C have been listed. Various high concentrations of static C products have been marketed abroad, and are still listed mainly for primary immuno-deficiency (pid), immuno-spray-reduced violet (itp). In addition, products represent an increase in nervous system diseases, such as chronic inflammation demystosis (cidp), and multiple stoves.
In 2022, another 10 per cent of octagam was newly approved for dermatitis (dm) (nct02728752).
According to the New Consort, the NCP contains a rich antibodies, a dual treatment with immune substitution and modulation, an anti-infection and immuno-regulation function that enhances the organism, and the new crown disease boosts the demand for Qing C and raises clinical awareness. According to China and China, in recent years there has been no significant increase in the country’s overall slurry, and it is still on the level of the hospital market.
Sales have grown rapidly since 2018, reaching $4.921 billion in 2021 for the level of Jing C Hospital (a year-on-year increase shows that in 2021, our batches of Qing C were about 27.6g/1,000 people, in Japan 42g/1,000 people and in the United States 246g/000 people, with a large gap with foreign countries and potential for upgrading.
In our view, there is still much room for improvement in the per capita use of Celebrity C, which has greater potential in the domestic market as the market spreads and adaptive disorders, and the clinical advantages of the Four Generations of Celebrities, which are expected to contribute to an increase in performance.
On the basis of our research into the future development of our operations, we assume that: (1) blood products plates: according to company 2023, corporate income from protein, static and other blood products is 11.96 per cent,
Table 3: Bioprofit predictions from the Sky Forum, which we have chosen as a comparable company for the Waran, Shanghai Lace and the luminous creatures, valued 22.04 times more in 2024 than the average for the industry. The company values more than the comparable company, the leading company in the blood industry, and we think that it is.
The bioblood industry is expected to contribute to the increase in plasma as slurry stations are prepared, and as new products such as high-purity statnium, cretins, etc., are cashed and corporate blood product revenues are expected to grow rapidly. The blood product industry is one of the major industries regulated by the state, and the state is increasingly regulating enterprises in the industry.
If there is a change in the country’s regulatory policy on the sector, it may bring about new changes in the overall industry and have an impact on the company’s production and profitability.
Individual plasma stations are approved and controlled for risk. The continuous regulation of single plasma stations is one of the major factors in the overall operation of blood-producing enterprises.
The single plasma station has established a regulatory management system and processes in the areas of plasma collection and plasma station management, accumulated a wealth of internal control experience, and introduced the strictest system of accountability to ensure compliance. But future changes in the single plasma station regulatory policy have had some impact on companies.
Biopharmaceuticals is an innovative industry, characterized by a long development cycle, high input and high risk, and there is a risk of research and development of new products.
Team sellers have worked for more than nine years and are members of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro in ppcca and paraexel, joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 and was in charge of the cxo industry study.
He is responsible for research on scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine; he is responsible for research on Chinese medicine and biological products; he is a member of the team; he is a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University; he is a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University; he is a member of the securities industry for two years.
In 2022, she became a member of the Cao Jia Lin, a member of the team, a master ' s degree in quantitative economics from the Linnan College of the University of Nakayama, two years of research experience in the pharmaceutical and biological industry, and in 2023 she became a member of the Cindera Portfolio, which was responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl.
Zhang Jong-tao, a member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance at the University of the South, one year of research in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, cpa (professional phase), formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined in 2023 as a credit card covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines. Part of this is not, and is not, relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.