The blood industry has a high potential for growth, and it is expected that profitability will continue to grow.
The company was officially established in 1919, and in 1998 it was listed as the only industry of blood products belonging to Chinese biology. As of 2023h1, the company owned the company in the camp.
With the construction and gradual movement of the three main subsidiary bases, Chengdu Young-Aun, Yunnan and Lanzhou, the company’s profitability is expected to increase. We expect the company to return to its mother-to-be net profit in 2023-2025, respectively.
• The industrial head effect of blood products is evident, and the concentration of the industry has increased globally, with a high concentration and oligopolistic pattern of competition in the blood products industry. Since 2023, the integration of the domestic blood products industry has increased markedly, with the concentration of the industry increasing further.
Bioacquire luminescence: The Hale Group is planning to acquire ownership of Shanghai Lace. We expect that, as the concentration of the industry increases, the scale effect of the blood industry will gradually become apparent.
On September 26, 2023, the subsidiary was approved for listing, with significant technical advantages. 10% of Chengdu was released for high-concentration lysercium, the safety and effectiveness of clinical trials were excellent, the product was fast-acting and the incidence of adverse effects was low.
When used, it reduces the infusion and stay in hospital and reduces the medical burden. The stabilizer formulation is upgraded from sugar to amino acid, does not affect the blood sugar of diabetic patients. The risk is even lower when risk factors such as past embolism, condensation, dosage, etc., exist.
1. The blood industry, the potential industry leader with a large development space of 1.1., the industry leader with a national background, focuses on the blood products business, the Taniyata biological camp business for the development, production and marketing of blood products, the main products of which are human blood protein,
The company, one of the country’s first industrial producers of blood products, was placed on the market in 1998 and has developed over the years to separate the vaccine industry from the blood products industry. The company is under the umbrella of Toyoshi, the Lanzhou blood system, and the Shanghai blood industry.
By April 2023, the company had 102 single plasma stations (including fractional stations) in 16 provinces and autonomous regions of the country, of which 70 were operating single plasma stations.
32, with the number of slurry stations at the forefront of the country. Figure 1: The company has a long history and is gradually focusing on blood products.
Together with the powerful pharmaceutical health industry group, the distribution, retailing, R & D, and production of health-related products such as prevention, treatment, and diagnostic care are the main sectors. In 2023, the company’s controlling shareholders, Chinese biology, were ranked 113th in the world’s top 500 list of companies.
The research and development of the six biological products of Lanzhou, Shanghai and Wuhan, formed jointly, is one of the largest and most comprehensive biopharmaceutical groups in the country, bringing together research, production, and marketing. Based on the advantages of their resources, the company has expanded its slurry stations in various parts of the country.
1.2. The company ' s blood products business flourished after the reorganization of assets 1.2.1 China ' s biological decision in 2016 to reduce competition between other enterprises within the system and the planet ' s organisms through consolidation of assets and pooling of resources for the development of blood products
In 2017, they sold 100% of the shares and 51% of Changchun's shares in cash to Chinese organisms: the company's holdings.
The company, Chengdu Yongsheng, buys 80% of the shares from Chinese biology in Guozhou in cash; the Tianjin creature buys 10% of the shares from Chinese bio-banking: Chengdu Loongshe acquires 100% of the shares in Shanghai, Wuhan and Lanzhou in Shanghai, Wuhan and Lanzhou, using his own shares as a price payment.
In 2021, RMB 2.54 billion of the additional funds raised by the Sky Forum biologically increased the share of Chengdu to 74.01%, further strengthening the control of listed companies over the core holding companies, and increasing investment in Chengdu and the construction and development of 4 blood systems in Guizhou, Lanzhou, Shanghai, Wuhan.
By the end of 2022, the company had achieved 2035 tons of plasma collection at 60 single-sampling stations, representing about 20 per cent of the total slurry in industry. The number of single-slamp plasma stations and the size of the slender remained at the forefront of the country.
In April, the company owned 102 single plasma stations (including substations), which were expanded to 16 provinces/autonomous regions of the country, of which 70 were single plasma stations (including substations) and 32 were slurry-building stations.
Over the past six months, increased sales of corporate products have led to a sustained increase in sales earnings. 1.3. Corporate production lines continue to be rich, with wide distribution channels.
As of 1966, there were three categories of human blood proteins, human immune proteins, human coagulation factors, 14 species, 72 blood product production symbols, and the company ' s main products include human blood proteins, human immunoglobins (ph4), tetanus immunosteopories.
White, rabies, hepatitis B, frozen dry static hepatitis B immunoglobin (ph4), human immunoprotein, tissue amino immunoglobin, human condensate compound, human condensation factor viii, etc.
There is a large market share and a combination of advantages in terms of quality, size and branding.
End-users, such as shops, participate in the bidding process for government procurement at the provincial, municipal, and local levels, in accordance with market conditions, and during the bidding process, determine the winning price, identify the region-designated distributors, and assign regional distribution responsibilities to the distributors.
The company’s effective control of the Human Drug Group is China’s largest, most sophisticated, integrated pharmaceutical and health industry group, which is directly managed by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. The company has a resource advantage based on the Drug Group’s resources and is now growing rapidly. The number of end-points sold by the company continues to be at the forefront of the country’s efforts to build a network of terminal hospitals.
By the first half of 2023, the company covered a total of more than 30,000 sales terminals, covering basically all major provincial and municipal areas except Hong Kong Atota.
2.1. The industrial head effect of blood products is evident in the steady growth of the blood products industry, where the pace of M&A consolidation of domestic firms has accelerated, with a very high global concentration and oligopolistic pattern of competition, according to the 2021 international plasma.
According to the Protein Treatment Association, companies such as Jettbelin (cslbehring), Baxter, Griffols, and octapharma account for 78.84% of the global market. Industry integration has increased significantly since 2023, and industry concentration has increased further.
Parlin Organisms: China's BB acquisition of luminous creatures: The Hale Group is planning to acquire a shareholding of Shanghai Vegetables. We expect that, as industry concentration continues to increase, the scale effect of the blood industry will become apparent.
Blood products are healthy human blood plasma or human plasma immunised with specific human blood plasma, separated, purified or prepared by recombinant dna techniques, as well as the physical composition of blood cells, which consist mainly of proteins, immunoproteins, clogged blood factors, anticoagnosis proteins and protein inhibitors. Blood products originated in the 1940s.
The scale of China’s blood industry is also rising year by year. In 2018, China’s blood market was 28.3 billion yuan, and China’s blood market was 51.2 billion yuan in 2022.
Human blood (whole blood) consists of three components: plasma (50%), red cells (42%), white cells and blood platelets (8%), with plasma consisting of water (90%), sugar electrolysis (3%) and protein (7%). Blood products are separate and pure from 7% proteins, including mainly proteins (62%), immune eggs.
Lein (16%), condensation factors (1%) and other protein components (21%). Human blood protein: clinically, protein is used mainly for the treatment of diseases such as burns, haemorrhage, edema, neonatal soluble blood, and low-protein hemorrhosis. Moreover, it is widely accepted in the country that human blood protein contributes to freeing up.
Influenza, the human blood protein is widely used in the country. Immunoglobin: mainly rehydrated antibodies to boost the body fluids of the body, which can be broken down into normal immune proteins and special immune proteins. Normal proteins can be divided into intravenous immune balls depending on the way they are injected.
Protein (static) and muscular injection of immunoprotein (muscular c). The specific immunoglobin can be distinguished according to the type of antigen, and can be divided into hepatitis B protein (B-b), tetanus immunoprotein (breakout), rabies immunoprotein (fault-free), etc. The clinical use of the more static and special immunoprotein.
Coagulation factor: The blood plasma is directly involved in blood coagulation in tissues. Its effects are mainly activated when blood is heated, and the blood plate is tied together and the leaks on the blood vessels are filled. More common coagulation factors include fibrous proteins, collage complexes, condensation factors seven, eight, and nine. The coagulation factor is currently the only factor.
A blood product that can be extracted from plasma and obtained through genetic reorganization. 2.3. The blood industry has high entry barriers.
The blood-producing plasma is collected through a single plasma station, which is legally established. The single plasma station, which is approved by the Provincial Commission, is the sole resource of the blood-producing enterprise and is managed by a blood-producing company.
The blood products in the country are issued on a batch basis, and each batch of products is certified by the enterprise, and a request for issuance is submitted for marketing only after certification by the Drug Enforcement Authority.
By tracking the amount of blood products issued in batches, you can find out about the capacity of blood companies. Before two votes, blood products were sold mainly by distributors, while after two votes, blood companies began to realize the importance of building their own sales teams and started to build their own sales teams.
Figure 11: The strict criteria for the various components of blood products, the scarcity of resources and the high barriers that cannot be substituted for the blood industry, the difficulty of accessing the slurry station resources:
Each single plasma station has its own slurry area, and the slurry area between single slurry stations does not coincide.
(a) The only corresponding single plasma company for the resident population aged 18-55 in the single plasma milling area is the sole single plasma company, with no more than 26 times per person per year and no more than 580 ml per person per year, i.e., no more than 580 ml per person per year;
The United States has set a single contribution of 690 ml to 880 ml, of which 825 ml is larger, and no more than two plasmas a week, which means that the maximum number of slurners per year is 104, i.e., the maximum total per person per year is 86l. The United States is a very small number of countries around the world that are self-sufficient in blood products.
Our plasma can only come from single plasma stations, where it cannot be used. Recovery of plasma (from blood stations, figure 12: The internal plasma system is independent of the whole blood collection system. Only proteins and recombinant cdensation factors can be imported, with less competitive pressure on domestic blood suppliers.
Non-replacement: difficulty in finding alternatives to the use of other drugs in bed use (especially static). 2.4. There are significant differences in the structure of the use of blood products at home and abroad, and the penetration rate is expected to increase further
In 2021, the global blood market was about $30 billion, with Jettbelin (19.9%), Takeda (19.8%) and Kilifor (17.6%) occupying nearly 60% of the global market. In terms of the number of plasma stations and plasma collection, there are thousands of single plasma stations around the globe, with about 60,000 tons of plasma collected, concentrated in the United States, Germany, and China.
Some 70% of them are located in the United States (over 790) and 10% in Europe. The number of slurry stations in Kilifor (351), Jettbelin (277), Oktma (160) and Takeda (140) accounts for nearly 70% of the world ' s s slurry stations and more than 70% of the slurry.
Sting C is the dominant one, with 41% of blood products sold globally. Li, the main blood product species used are proteins, which account for 58%, followed by immunoglobin, which accounts for 38% of blood, with the lowest use of condensation factors, which account for only 4%.
Clinical outreach is expected to expand the adaptiveness of blood products and increase market capacity. The diversity of blood products varies considerably from one country to another, with the highest proportion of proteins (58%) and the highest percentage of global IDUs (41%). This difference is due mainly to clinical differences in the perception of proteins and mesocs within the country.
It is widely believed that proteins increase immunity, so in addition to some immediate adaptive conditions, the main use of proteins is in low-immunisation diseases in the country, while in foreign countries the use of Qin C is greater, so that growth in Qin C is seen as a clinical extension in addition to the amount of slurry, and we believe that eventually the domestic blood market will also rely on Qing Ping, as it is in foreign countries.
Momentum. On the one hand, in the last two years, there has been a gradual recognition of the market and a rapid increase in demand. On the other hand, we have a very low rate of use for haemophilia and, more often than not, post-menopausal treatment, leading to a high rate of disability, while in the United States hemophilia has been prevented from using drugs, so an increase in city penetration can contribute to the development of the condensation market.
Figure 13: In 2019, the world market sold the highest share of Still C blood products in our country, both in terms of supply and in terms of per capita use, far lower than in the countries of Europe and America. According to the World Health Organization, for protein self-sufficiency, 1,000 people need to sludge to reach 10l/1000, to achieve Still C (ivig)
Self-sufficiency requires 40l/1000 slurry for 1,000 people, and our protein is heavily dependent on imports, with a larger gap in the unimportable immunoglobin and condensation factors. We expect the blood products market to remain in short supply over the next few years.
The growth of the blood industry is expected to be largely due to the increase in the volume of slurry and the abundance of the products. Slurry is the core factor determining the quantity of supplies; material abundance increases the value and profits of tons of slurry. Most of the products currently produced in the country are more common.
Production of high-value-added varieties is low. With future high-value-added varieties on the market, the income and profits of domestic blood companies are expected to increase further.
During the fourteen-five-year period, a number of provinces and cities issued policies to promote industrial development. For example, in Guangzhou, Gansu, and Beijing, policies were adopted to strengthen industrial regulation, and regulatory requirements were further strengthened to facilitate high-quality industrial development.
Industry is expanding, and there are prospects for new slurry stations from which the planetarium organisms can obtain.3 The number of company slurry stations is high, profitability is expected to increase steadily 3.1, new production capacity is expected to move gradually and production efficiency is expected to increase further
The Chengdu Rong Euen plant area has been operational and completed with changes in the production sites for products such as human coagulation viii, human immunoprotein, tetanus, human immunoglobin, hepatitis B, etc.: reorganization of Chengdu Rong Sheng and completion of the acceptance of the sub-workshop project and reorganization of the production of samples for human coagulation via during the clinical period
(a) Reconstructing pre-industrial studies on human clout viii; the Shanghai Blood Yunnan Project to conduct process validation;
Chengdu has invested in the construction of a new Young-Aun plant in Chengjong City Park, Chengcheng City, Sichuan Province, Shanghai blood system in the construction of a new Yunnan project in Fuming District, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, Land State blood system in the National High Technology Development Area, Lanzhou Province, Gansu Province, and three blood production bases have designed production capacity of 1,200 tons, including products.
Protein, globin and factor-type products, have been put into operation in the Young-Ann plant area, and in the future, as the Yunnan project and the Lanzhou project become operational, the company will have three single plant bases for producing blood products with a slurry capacity of over 1,000 tons, and we expect that the company will have 4,000-5,000 tons of plasma treatment capacity when Chengdu Yong-Aun, Yunnan Base and Lanzhou are completed.
The size of the first-line blood company is 3.2, the company's product line is abundant, the first company in the country is listed 3.2.1, the company's product line is gradually enriched, and the plasma utilization rate is expected to increase gradually.
The company ' s product lines were improved and products such as high-level intravenous immune proteins, condensation factors, fibrous proteins, etc. were developed in a focused layout of the project, with static human immune proteins (ph4) (layered analysis process, 10% concentration), and re-assembly human blood factors viii were marketed, fibrous proteins were in the process of being placed on the market for injections under the skin.
Human Immunoglobin, megacellular viral human immunoglobin are in the clinical ii phase, and the company's research and development capabilities are strong. Table 8: The company's product line abundance, 3.3.2.
On September 26, 2023, the Tianhu Biology Company Chengdu was approved for listing and, through a gmp check, became the first domestic listing phase of Ning C, which is expected to increase the company’s profitability.
The low-temperature ethanol protein separation process has been in use in the blood industry for more than 70 years.
In the case of: (1) low recovery rate of 4.5 ggg per kilogram of plasma production (about 50% recovery rate) which does not fully benefit from valuable plasma resources; (2) product quality does not meet higher requirements and product safety is not sufficiently guaranteed. 5% concentration of igg is dominated, patients are fed for long periods of time and the volume of the infusion is large; product supplements are used as stabilizers in sugar, for some
Special patients are at a certain risk; impurities such as iga, igm and other impurities are high and side effects are high; the safety of 2-step viruses (50 nano-filtration and low-ph incubation) products is not sufficiently guaranteed; with increasing attention to the safety of medicines and an in-depth study of impurities associated with the side effects of drugs, blood
Products, especially ivig products, have also significantly increased their requirements for impurities such as iga, and the introduction of a layered process in the low-temperature ethanol-protein separation process has become an industry consensus to address this problem.
Low-temperature ethanol protein separation method. Comparative study of impurity removal of impurities of the various immunoglobin preparation processes (Swordwater, (1) Human hemoglobin removal: 1 ion exchange condensation process with total reduction of human haemoglobin
99.43 per cent, with two lyses as the main removal step.2 The total reduction of human blood proteins in the low-temperature ethanol protein separation process was 97.99 per cent, with the main removal step being ethanol deposition. (2) Elimination effect of human fibre proteins: 1 ion exchange process = reduction of total human fibre proteins
99.3%, the main removal steps are secondary layeration and nanofiltration. The second layering steps reduce the protein content of the human fibrogens by 83.0%2 of the low-temperature ethanol protein separation process by a total of 99.47% of the human fibre proteins, with the primary removal steps being Barcide extinction.
(3)iga removal effect: 1 ion exchange condensation process with a total reduction of 99.51 per cent for ion exchange condensation process, 71.41 per cent for single condensation, and 98.24 per cent for secondary condensation gel. 2 Low temperature ethanol protein separation process with a lower removal rate compared to the ion exchange condensation process.
The ion exchange lycylene process has a clear preponderance of static-propylene production in some plants on the international market, and the traditional low-temperature ethanol method is not able to produce high-level static-propylene concentrations, and the lycene-high-level meth-protein level has been upgraded from 5 per cent to 10 per cent, much larger than the traditional meth-protein concentration.
Dosicular shock treatment, about half the time of the infusion, can be further reduced by using a 15-minute incremental infusion solution. Three-step purification products have a higher purity of ghea, fxia, etc., have lower levels of gluten, are allergic, have lower risk of haemolysis, have lower anti-a/anti-b content, and use large doses of soluble blood wind.
In September 2023, the company's subsidiary, Chengdu Yongsheng, was issued for the control and prevention of haemorrhage among adults and young people (aged 12 years) who are haemorrhagic a (pregenital coagulation factor viii deficiency).
Market access for cluster products is expected to further enhance the profitability of companies. (1) New magma stations are expanding well and slurry is increasing in scale; (2) Yunnan and Lanzhou projects are successfully operational, and the company will have three single plants with a slurry capacity of over 1,000 tons of blood.
(a) The production base for liquid products, with synergies, with a steady increase in corporate plasma revenues and further strengthening of cost controls; (3) stable unit prices for the company ' s main products and stable overall Māori rates; (4) wide market space for genetically restructured products and good sales of eight factors;
We expect that the company will gradually increase its base and constructive input, focusing on blood plates.
The quality and efficiency of the blood products industry is striving to become the world’s leading blood industry. We expect the blood products of the public to have a relatively high value compared to the blood industry of the same company, as contrasts of light, Boya, Wallaan and Shanghai cuisine.
Enterprises, with a large potential number of single plasma stations, are expected to grow further in slurry volume; companies have a strong capacity for innovation, and subsequent product lines are expected to grow further: these are expected to drive further growth in corporate revenue and profits. For the first time, coverage was given, “buying (1) slurry stations did not expand as expected”;
The expansion of the magma station is influenced by a number of factors, such as the size of the local population, the level of economic development, the perception of blood products among the local population, and the ability of the company to become self-sufficient.
There is a risk that products will fall in prices in the future. There is some uncertainty about the extent to which companies are developing products, such as fibrous proteins, static giant cell viral human immunoglobins.
The demand side of a company ' s product is now a relatively free competitive market, and future products are not sold as expected.