\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Three quarters of the chemical price differential is warming, followed by recommendations to focus on demand recovery. The original \triangleright oil prices have remained high since the conflict in Russia, and the prices of the downstream polyester chains have risen overall, but Europe and America have been growing since the last three quarters.
Prices of px, pta, pony/dty (fdy/poy/dty) averaged $316.51 per ton/pta (pta-0.655*px) and ring growth of 19.12 per cent; ranged (fdy/poy/dty-0.86*pta-0.34*meg) in terms of price differentials
9.89 per cent. Price spreads in the polyester sector have increased in the third quarter, and sustained growth policies in the country are expected to increase in the follow-up period, with a rapid recovery in demand and a continuation of the warming of the plates. New energy, new materials and operations have accelerated and production capacity has expanded steadily.
The TCO device, which was successfully delivered in the near future, has now successfully produced qualified products. Polycarbonate is one of the engineering plastics required for the semi-annual report of 2022 with excellent physical and optical properties, and once the second stage of the device is put into operation, the company gathers together.
Carbonate ester production will increase to 520,000 tonnes/year, ranking first in the world. In addition, in August, the company announced its intention to invest 2. Pre-performance announcement for 2021 for Pyrochemicals (002493.sz) Three major medium- and downstream projects for construction: 1) 1.4 million tonnes/year of ethylene and downstream chemical plants containing 1.4 million
(b) High-performance resin project: based on chemochemical phase I, new 300,000 tonnes/year ldpe/eva tubes 3. Research brief from Pyrochemicals (002493)
(c) High-end new material projects: industry moves to new materials and fine chemical platforms to 2021/10/0 containing 4 million tonnes/year catalytic fission devices, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year poe polyolefin elastomers, etc.
4. Precious petrochemicals (002493): Production uphill drivers of refining projects Investment proposals: Corporate revenues \triangleright with 40 million tonnes of petrochemical/annual refining integration projects fully operational
Gradually expanding in size and accelerating the transformation of the company, expanding to new materials and fine chemicals, but taking into account oil 5. Premium petrochemicals (002493): bipolar II production + polyester \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.