Incidents: On the evening of 25 October 2022, Eon Seon Seok-seok issued the 2022 Quarterly Report, and by the third quarter of 2022 Eun Seok-eung (002493.sz), the company achieved business income of $22.5118 billion, an increase of 74.03 per cent and a rise in the ring.
\triangleright’s fear of falling international oil prices as a whole remains high, with Brent crude oil at an average price of 98.16 per barrel, +34.19 per cent, ring ratio-12.34 per cent.
In the case of a research assistant in the Hossaint petrochemical industry, the price of polyester products dropped by 2022q3, pta/poy/fdy/dty market, and the price differentials in pta products were sustained, with the effects of the epidemic on downstream swing demand.
Limited, limited profitability of longline products, price differentials in pta/poy/fdy/dty markets, weak mobility demand, limited price transfer capacity, taking into account the financial costs associated with loss of currency exchange, Emeritus (002493.sz):
Pulse II accelerated, profit and petrochemicals obtained the fifth batch of oil export quotas in 2022, optimizing the supply structure of the domestic and foreign markets.
On 30 September 2022, the Ministry of Commerce officially issued a total of 1,500 “Emergency petrochemicals” (002493.sz): tons, of which 13.25 million were for finished oil exports and 1.75 million were for low sulphur ships.
The profits grew steadily, and the ZP2 fell by 1% a year. Of this, the PELCO received an export quota of 2.18 million tons in three batches by 2022, 130,000 in the fourth, and 5th in the fifth.
Based on a large refining platform, the high-end new material is set up with an export quota of 2022.819 million tons. As the pressure on domestic finished oils increases, our national company produces finished oil.
Portal access is opened again, and petrochemicals are currently the only private refining enterprise to obtain export qualifications and quotas. For geopolitical reasons, for example, despite a slight drop in international oil prices this quarter, the prices of finished products and oil remain high.
The choice is more flexible and can be based on the economic benefits of both domestic and international markets, with the aim of maximizing the benefits and having a positive impact on day-to-day operations.
The introduction of a 260,000 tonnes/year polycarbonate device furthers the company ' s high-quality development. \triangleright cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In Beijing, the 260,000-ton polycarbonate plant has been successfully delivered in recent days. It is located in the city of Choshan, Zhejiang province.
At present, the company's annual production capacity is one of the first in the world. It's one of the world's leading polycarbonate plants.
The successful commissioning of this device will help to upgrade the supply capacity and industry of the company and enable it to continue to promote its high-quality development.
\triangleright and, in the event of excess capacity of finished oils and ptas, the company actively implemented the technology change “reducing the oil”. On 17 August 2022, the company issued an announcement stating that it would petrochemical phase I and issue II.
The main raw material is the chemical works produced by the project, which invested $19.2 billion in the construction of new 300,000 tonnes/year ldpe/eva (pipeline), 100,000 tonnes/yeareva (Buttle), 400,000 tonnes/year ldpe, 200,000 tonnes/year dmc, 3 x 60,000/year pmma and 1.2 million tonnes/year abs
Separating units, 350,000 tonnes/year α-vinyl hydrocarbons, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year poe polyoleene elastics, 80,000/year polybutylene-1, 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid, 2 x 300,000 tonnes/year ethylene acetate, 300,000 tonnes/yeareva/ldpe (pipe) devices, 2 x 150,000 tonnes/year adipic acid
Installations, 250,000 tonnes/year hydrazine devices, 280,000 tonnes/year hydrazine devices, etc., were further expanded on the occasion of the announcement by the company that the controlling subsidiary, ZP, was to invest 1.4 million tonnes/year ethylene and downstream chemical plants (phase II engineering product structure optimization). The total investment in the project was 34.5 billion.
On the one hand, it will contribute to the production of raw materials, such as acetylene, and provide sufficient raw material security and exhibition space for the development of new downstream high-value-added materials and fine chemical industries; on the other hand, it will further reduce the proportion of output of finished oils and achieve efficiency gains in refining oil.
The stock buy-back program has been steadily moving forward, and the holding subsidiary has completed the stock transfer. On March 15, 2022, and August 5, 2022, the company issued two stock buy-back announcements based on future issuances to the company.
Confidence and recognition of long-term values for the future, in order to safeguard the interests of investors in general and small and medium-sized investors in particular, to enhance investor confidence, to promote a reasonable return to the long-term intrinsic value of corporate stock prices, and to promote stable and sustainable corporate development, taking into account the real financial position of the company and its operating conditions
For example, it is proposed that the first and second repurchases of shares of the public interest be repurchased by means of a centralized bid, either on its own or on its own account, and that the repurchase of the company ' s shares of 243 million shares, representing 2.40 per cent of the company ' s total equity, be repurchased by means of a centralized bid account for the purpose of a centralized bid, with a maximum exchange value of 2.40 per cent of the company ' s total equity.
At the end of August 2, 2022, the purchase of shares of the company was made up of 107 million shares in a centralized competitive exchange through the repurchase of specialized securities accounts, which were in accordance with the company ' s established repurchase programme and the relevant legal and regulatory requirements.
On 16 September of that year, the company issued an announcement that Zhejiang petrochemicals Ltd., a company-owned subsidiary of the company, had distributed to all shareholders a gold dividend of $5 billion and that the company had received a cash dividend of 51 per cent of the proportion of its contribution \triangleright \triangleright
As the only private company in the country that is currently qualified to export finished oils, petrochemicals will benefit from the high oil prices of overseas finished products, and the high profile of high-end new material fields and the veva industry will also open up room for second-time growth.
“buy-in” rating for glory petrochemicals Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of demand recovery less than expected; \triangleright
The risk of excess refining capacity; the risk of less than expected completion of the petrochemical phase II project; the risk of less than expected progress in the construction of the company’s construction project; and the risk of slow restoration of profits from downstream products. B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for crude oil prices and oil fields.
Research on industrial chains such as mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemicals project of the China Corporation for the Management of Xinda Assets. 2021 Hu Xiao Yi, assistant research assistant in the petrochemical industry. Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, University of South-West Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, July 2022. Joined the Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.