Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 3rd Quarterly Report 2022 released on the evening of 25 October, with revenue realized in the first 3 quarters
● Loss of raw material inventory and partial price differentials have resulted in overall performance pressure, three quarters overall performance pressure, and four quarters start repair. Income of 77.490 billion yuan, 95.3 per cent, ring ratio decrease of 93.0 per cent, was realized in the third quarter.
The company’s performance continued to grow in the same quarter; the decline in the ring was largely due to stock losses and the narrow price spreads associated with the poor downstream demand associated with the rapid decline in crude oil prices. Since the third quarter, crude oil prices have fallen rapidly, under the global economic slowdown and the pressure of the Fed to raise interest.
The three-quarter round fell by 12.7%, and the rapid decline in raw materials caused the company to lose some of its stock. In addition, the high incidence of domestic epidemics and the high demand for snorting, real estate, etc., caused some products to continue to fall in prices, have low prices, and the company ' s biggest profit plate is the excess of the smelting plate.
Based on our tracking of price differentials in the company’s priority products market, pta and refining and pta plate price differentials, pta-px/polyester-pta-meg price differential/ethylene ethylene price differential/styrene-pure styrene-ethylene price differential/hdpe-ethylene price differential/propylene-propylene price differential
The price difference ring has increased slightly, and the price difference ring has fallen significantly. Q2 prices have fallen, causing the product price differential to fall. The price difference in the fibre plate has been repaired, the Pony-Purethane stock has been eliminated, the crude oil price has fallen and the prices of the products will rebound.
In the first half of the year, it was 300,000 tons of petrochemicals.
The smooth driving of the Project also demonstrates companies’ competitiveness in new material areas, with the pre-investment advantages of sufficient cash flows, the efficient output of high R & D inputs, and the integration platform.
The continuing cost advantage of the advantage, and the scarcity of the material advantage in the context of tight project approvals, will become increasingly apparent. We believe that photovoltaic-leveleva will remain a tight link in the light-voltage industry chain next year, and companies will benefit from the full price when the demand for silicon climbs up the chain rises.
Three billion projects are to be built to speed up the layout of the top-down sophisticated chemical products downstream. On the evening of August 17, the company issued an outward investment announcement, which plans to convert it into a major building with an additional 1.4 million tonnes/ethylene and downstream chemical installations, and two high-performance resin projects with a combined total investment of 117.8 billion.
The company has an integrated oil-head layout and continuously increases capital spending along the long-chain line, increasing the price of oil, and increasing the value added of products, thus driving growth in the medium and long term.
eva, dmc, α-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe, adiamine and adioxin projects are now in urgent need of import of alternative, more rapidly downstream, new energy-chemicals or high-performance materials. We believe that refining the competition of integrated companies in the field of new materials will have a strong advantage.
(1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products: (2) safe production risks; (3) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected: (5) equity incentives are less than expected, and this report is presented independently and objectively using information on legal compliance, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.