Precious petrochemicals (002493.sz):
Precious petrochemicals published three-quarterly reports for 2022: 22.5118 billion yuan in operating income for the company during the reporting period, compared to +74.03 per cent; net profit return of 54.51 billion yuan, compared to 46.15 per cent less for the same period; three-quarters of profit pressure, waiting for improvement in performance at the margins of demand. Company q3 collects.
Corporate cost pressure continues. As of October 24, the price of tar is $93.26 per barrel, the price is stable, and the cost side is recovering. On the demand side, macroeconomic and epidemiological disturbances on demand persist, product prices go down, with prices of poy/fdy/pta/ polyethylene/polypropeneq3 respectively.
With the benefits of the full commissioning of the petrochemicals project, the company has maintained a high level of income from falling product prices in the third quarter, and the company’s profits are expected to recover as future demand improves. Research and development costs continue to grow, and the foundations for long-term development are strengthened.
Cooperation, focusing on R & D, provides a boost to R & D in the first three quarters of 2022, amounting to 3,339 million yuan, to speed up the deployment of new materials projects and high-value-added products to ensure future growth.
Billions of high-performance resins, 1.4 million tons of ethylene and downstream chemical plants (Engineer II) projects, high-end new materials projects, including products such as dmc,eva, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe, abs, adibium, etc., which, while reducing the proportion of the output of finished oils, are below
New high-value-added materials provide raw material security, while increasing the proportion of value-added products in new energy materials, which are continuously extended and completed in the industrial chain, and the company ' s performance is subject to cycles or will be reduced.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective and fair, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.