Wheel tires (601058.sh): Performance gains are steady, and prospects for the sea are great.
In the second quarter, the total price of the company’s four main raw materials, natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black and steel curtain lines, increased by 12.75 per cent and the ring by 5.47 per cent over the same period. In the event of an increase in raw materials, the company continued to optimize its product performance, raise brand power, safeguard its overall drive to globalize, and overseas factories continued to contribute.
\triangleright The additional project will have the capacity to produce 12 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year. Carttire will have the capacity to produce 21 million semi-steel meridian tyres and 1.65 million all-steel meridian tyres per year.
In addition, the three annual production of 3 and a half million steel tires, 1 million full steel tires and 50,000 non-public tires in Viet Nam are also proceeding in an orderly manner, with two projects expected to be phased in in the second half of 2024. In addition, the company's two rounds of anchoring are set up in Indonesia and Mexico. The Mexican factory produced 6 million semi-steel meridian tyres a year.
In the first half of 2024, the company invested $469 million in research and development, an increase of $88 million, and the company increased its investment in liquid gold tyres and non-road tires, targeting different areas of disaggregation and making them work.
With a view to creating more liquid gold tyres of a product type, with a combination of market power and the replacement of the market, with a combination of market power, the Department has entered several domestic and international automobile enterprises, such as Biadi, Chirí, Jili, Chang An, Ulai, North Steam, Vinfast, Viet Nam.
List of tires suppliers. In addition, production of non-road tyres at three bases in Qingdao, Qinl, and SEAL06 and Viet Nam vinfastvf5 and vf3 has continued to grow, and new production capacity can be released in bulk of one full duration.
Supply to companies such as the North Heavy Worker, Trinity Worker, Xu Industries Group, Caterpillar, etc. Race tires (601058): Redevelopment and development of deep farming, Globalizing Wide Layout - Corporate Insight Report
The growth in performance brought about by Zhang and the increased brand power supported by high R & D, maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The geometry-chemicals series (23) of studies by domestic tyre enterprises to catch up with global head processes, using data information on legal compliance, carefully draw conclusions and produce the present report independently and objectively.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.