Racer tires (601058) car Rapid growth in performance, sustained activity in the sea, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
During the first half of the year, the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies ranged from 2,120 million yuan to 2,180 million yuan, with a sharp increase in net profits in parallel with the previous year, both domestic and foreign. In the first half of 2024, the cost of raw materials in the tyre industry was kept under pressure, and the effects of strategic, technological and innovation and branding efforts continued to be felt, with products being increasingly exposed to domestic and foreign customers.
(b) Sales of corporate products have increased by more than 30% over the same period, both within and outside the country, with a larger increase in Māori-higher products. On the one hand, there has been a marked increase in domestic and foreign sales, while on the other hand, there has been a marked increase in foreign sales in the first half of the year.
Vietnam’s base in Cambodia has expanded over the past year’s high Māori overseas market, and corporate net profits have increased considerably since last year’s same period. The company’s performance is expected to increase steadily in the future, as multi-base capacity is gradually released abroad, and prices of raw materials are falling.
• Non-road fetuses have continued to grow and product recognition has increased. In 2023, the technical adaptation of the Qingdao factory non-road wheels has been largely completed, and the project will produce all 49 inches of large-scale, and above-sized, pyrotechnics;
In addition, the company is planning to build non-road tyre production capacity in Qingdao and Indonesia. The company’s non-public tyre products have been successfully matched with Caterpillar, John Dill, Kesnewsland, United Kingdom Jcb, Trinity One.
Nationally and internationally known engineering, mining, and agro-mechanical enterprises, such as the Workers, Co-Engineers, the Xu Group, the Levo Heavy Industries, etc. As the company’s capacity is gradually emerging, non-road tyre products from high-mori and high-tech barriers will further enhance the production capacity of “liquid gold” raw materials, and the company’s range of products will become more numerous.
After the first launch of a series of liquid gold tire truck products in the vast ocean (2024-04-28), the first liquid gold in the country in June 2022.
Tyres by car series, November, liquid gold by electric car tyre series - New Growth pole for non-road tires (2024-03-12) “erangeev” was launched globally in Las Vegas, United States of America, with a further increase in companies in March 2023
Wheel tires (601058): multiple flowering at overseas bases, liquid gold product types, new energy ev series, luxury driving series, urban driving series, super-high performance rapid growth (2024-01-30)
Four new products of liquid gold tyres in the performance series, covering the global mainstream high-end vehicle type. 4. Racer tyres (601058) based on company raw materials: three-quarters of high profit and non-road boom (2023-09-04)
The company’s productive capacity continues to expand, and the process of globalization is improving. For 23 years, the company has invested in a non-road tyre line at a factory in Qingdao.
(b) In December 2023, the company proposed to establish a joint venture in Mexico to invest in the construction of six and a half million steel steels per year, which would produce 21 and a half steel meridian tyres and 1.65 million steel meridian tyres per year.
The Meridian Tyres Project; in March 2024, the company proposed to invest in a project in Indonesia to produce 3.6 million meridian tyres and 307,000 tons of non-road tyres per year. To date, the company has planned to build the production capacity of 26 million steel meridian tyres, 103 million semi-steel meridian tyres and 447,000 tons of non-road tyres per year.
The high-quality layout of corporate globalization further enhances the ability to deal with international trade barriers.
94 million articles. The company ' s tyre products were sold at 210,000 tons, 250,000 tons, 300,000 tons in 2024-2026: it looks good that the full-scale rise in the landscape of steel products has brought prices and Māori rates up in tandem, that the price combination of historical data and the overall supply and demand of the industry, taking into account the changing share of the company ' s different products, the average cost of the entire steel and semi-steroid products is expected to be $354/barrel, and that of $352/.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2024-2026 as follows:
Three listed companies in the tyre industry were selected for valuation, considering the scope of their operations, with sorghum and ling wheels as industry leaders with larger sizes and more leading global layouts; generic shares are expanding their overseas bases. Downstream demand is not as high as expected, raw materials prices are at a high risk, production capacity is not as high as expected, and overseas operations are taking place.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.