Wheel tires (601058.sh): The profitability of the ring continues to grow, with new production capacity equable, and steel production of 17.77 million, ring growth of 12.21 per cent, and industry climates continue to improve.
In January 2024, the company announced an additional investment of 6 million steel semi-medium-line tyres per year in Cambodia, after which the additional project would produce 12 million steel-and-a-half-medium-line tyres per year.
In addition, 3 1/2 million steel, 1 million whole steel and 50,000 non-road tires are in sequence in Viet Nam, with two projects expected in the second half of 2024.
Two rounds of vertical consumption, expanding the global layout. The company two rounds of anchoring Indonesia and Mexico. The six million semi-steel meridian tyres produced by the Mexico factory were laid down in May 2024. The two rounds are closer to the Euro-American consumer markets, more flexible marketing, and more manageable transport costs.
On the other hand, direct procurement and transportation of raw materials from local sources can significantly reduce raw materials, transport performance, and the risk of repeated increases in shipping costs. The expansion will result in an increase in performance and branding, supported by high R&D, to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Cruise tyres (601058) Redevelopment and development of deep-farming, globalization landscape - company depth report 2. Out-of-sea research: The value of tire country product plates continues
Upgraded, “outwarding the sea” is a promising development — the Chemical Series, using legally compliant data, careful presentation of research findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report, without any direct or indirect connection to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.