A record high in sales, with high performance forecast of 2024h1 - A report from the event evaluation of the company ' s wheel tyres (601058.sh).
In the first half of 2024, work on corporate globalization strategies, science, technology and innovation and branding continued to show results, and products were recognized by an increasing number of domestic and international clients:
Production and sale of steel, semi-steel and non-road tyre products were among the best in the past period; sales of corporate products increased by more than 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis, both domestically and abroad, with a greater increase in the higher rate of Māori, leading to net profits for companies in the first half of the year.
Cost pressures have eased, and three quarters of profits are expected to rise further, and two quarters of the main raw materials market prices for tyres are high, with 2024q2 Chinese natural/soon-ton rubber on-the-shelf prices respectively.
Undine rubber at a spot price of $14,700/15100 per ton compared to 30 June.
Energetic Growth in Cambodia is expected to be 2024 - A Globalized Development Strategy firmly implemented to enhance productivity and enable growth 3 and Wheeled Tyres (601058): To build ink
In 2023, the company ' s entire steel plant in Cambodia became operational, while the Vietnamese factory ' s three-phase plant, Sigo, continued to improve the global layout. The entire steel, semi-steel and non-road products were put into production for the purpose, and production capacity is being continuously raised.
In October 2023 and January 2024, new investments were made in Cambodian factories to build a total of 12 million semi-steel mid-life projects per year, and once the project is completed, the plants in Cambodia will have 21 million semi-steel meridian tyres and 1.65 million per year.
In December 2023, the company, through a joint venture established in Mexico, invested in the construction of 6 million semi-steel meridian tyre projects per year. In March 2024, the company planned to invest in the construction year in Indonesia.
Production of 3.6 million meridian tyres and 37,000 tons of non-road tyres. Through the global distribution of production capacity, companies can rely on the combined effects of global production bases to reduce the supply cycle and service existing customers more efficiently and easily.
It can also be effective in reducing the risks associated with inter-regional trade frictions, benefiting from downside risks: the risk of high volatility in product prices; the risk of project construction falling short of expectations; the risk of environmental policy restrictions: downstream demand falls short of expectations
The company's profit projections (millions of dollars) were introduced by the Chemical Group, Zhang Weibao: M.A. Chemical, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of which were researched by sellers
Experience, 10 years of buyer research experience, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.