In the first half of the second half of 2024, the growth rate of performance continued to be high, with a leading advantage in the \triangleright high volume of domestic and foreign sales and a sustained improvement in product structure, leading to high performance growth.
\triangleright sales of steel, semi-steel and non-road tyres were among the best in history over the same period; sales of company products at home and abroad exceeded 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and higher Māori rates led to higher growth in corporate activity
Liu Hai Yong has accelerated the globalization of the production potential and kept the company growing. The company is currently planning for Vietnam, Cambodia, and Mexico.
Four overseas bases \triangleright West, Indonesia, three of which are expected to increase production this year as capacity climbs, and Cambodia, Indonesia, and Mexico are expected to grow in 2025 and become companies.
Performance growth guarantees. And moving forward with globalization helps companies to cope with sudden tariff challenges, setting a flexible allocation between singles and capacity to safeguard their performance.
\triangleright costs 838 million yuan, representing 3.23% of the revenue ratio, up from the high value of publicly disclosed financial records. With high R & D spending, the company’s product capacity is also increasing, and the “liquid gold” that has been successfully developed.
Tyres” optimized the three main performances of “rolling resistance, dampness, grinding resistance” and product performance, as well as technical barriers, leading industries. As companies increase their publicity and promotion of “liquid gold tyres,” consumer awareness of “liquid gold tyres” is gradually increasing, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to benefit.
Research assistant Liu Lungi, who continues to work on the giant tire plate, is now integrated into such well-known businesses as Caterpillar, John Dheere, Trinity Worker, with an average operating time of advanced international standards and a further build-up of the giant product line.
Investment proposals: sustained expansion of the company ' s tyre production capacity, high sea and sea tyre consumption, and company assessment of 24-year-old \triangleright: high and excellent performance
Growing and leading product strength sets the corporate leader - 10x, 8x, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The first three quarters of 2023 (601058.sh) were fast-tracked: strong recovery in domestic and foreign markets, single-quarter performance: net return profit of 691 million yuan in the second quarter.
5. A report on the assessment of tyres (601058.sh): the continuous release of tyres, the performance of liquid gold technology companies-20, the methodological and analytical logic of the study, the presentation of the present report independently and objectively and the responsibility for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.