Robust growth highlights corporate resilience, liquid gold-led technology, and a report from the incident review of the company's 601058.sh.
The benefits of corporate globalization strategies, STIs and branding have been sustained, the competitiveness of corporate products has increased, and products have been recognized by a growing number of domestic and foreign customers. Companies have developed a multiplier of autonomous intellectual property rights.
Three technological development systems for tires, truck tires, and non-road tyres have been developed in a balanced manner in three performance indicators: rolling tire resistance, humid-resistant, millergy.
Tyre production reached 354.1006 million, an increase of 37.89 per cent in the same year, and sales of tyres reached a level that did not seriously affect the profitability of companies due to the rise in raw materials and shipping costs.
In the first half of the year, the shipping market rose by 95.84% compared to the beginning of the year.
1 Racer Tyres (601058): Increases in production and shipping costs, company adoption of price increases, improvement of product structure, etc.
Solving the cost pressures and achieving a reduction in the cost rate while increasing the Māori rate. Corporate Profits: 2024-07-10 and one-quarter report, 2024, with high sales.
On 9th of July, the Shanghai Portfolio Portfolio Portfolio Index for Export Containers was 3253.89 points, with a 2.4% decline compared to the peak of 5th July.
The liquid gold tyres developed by the Cambodian Growing Production 2024 - a subversive technological innovation using the world's first-ever new material on eec, have successfully resolved the three main indicators of tyre problems.
The challenge of optimising at the same time has been widely recognized by domestic and international consumers. Compared to international front-line branded tyres, corporate liquid gold tyres have a similar dry-land performance, wetlands have increased by 8% in braking and manipulation, and are expected to have significant advantages in the area of car safety.
Fourth landmark technological revolution leading to the area of tyres: downside risks in the economy; risk of large price fluctuations in products; under-building of projects; risk of being constrained by environmental policies; downstream demand less than expected
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See. For all consequences arising from the basis or use of this report, Chinese securities and/or their associates