On August 22, 2024, a semi-annual newspaper was published. The company was on board in 2024.
Zhang Yinsheng, re-emerged with short-term fluctuations in shipping and raw materials, and the company’s sustained growth performance remained innovative. There was also a resurgence of the price of 2021q2 raw materials, an increase in shipping prices, and a real increase in profit margins.
Hong Yingdong has had some negative effects, with Vietnam and Cambodia's plant's 2024h1 net return interest rates, respectively, still growing overall profits, with 2024q2 producing, earning and net return profits.
Newly high, Māori rates, net interest rates and ring ratios rise. The q3 shipping cycle has begun to go down, the Yoon Yoo Yoo wave has subsided, and we believe that the next half of the year is expected to rise even more.
Overseas plants continue to contribute more and more, and the domestic product upgrades cannot be ignored. (1) Vietnam, Cambodia, and the three bases in the country work together to promote performance growth. According to corporate announcements and our calculations, the performance of the 2024h1 bases in Viet Nam and Cambodia has improved by the same year.
In addition, the construction of tire production projects such as the company Cambodia, Mexico, Indonesia, etc., is still in progress and is expected to continue to contribute in the future.
The announcement and our calculations show that the net profits from the 2024h1 domestic plant are close to $800 million, or 37%, and the price of materials rises, the net profits from the domestic plant are also high, proving that companies not only make a good trip out of the sea, but they can make a big leap out of the domestic “intra-roll” market, because the “roll” refers to homogeneity.
There is considerable competition, but tyres are not homogenous goods. Companies raise prices and brand space through R & D and marketing, move away from low-quality, low-quality, homogenous competition zones. There is also ample room for a robust growth of the global tyre market in the domestic market.
\triangleright, Michelin Financial Report, China Automobile Circulation Association, Global Tyre Sales in the first half of 2024
1 billion, or 269 per cent more than the same year, of which 794 million were sold as half steel, or 2.70 per cent more than the same year, and 106 million sold as a whole, or 2.61 per cent more than the same year; and global car sales in the first half of 2024
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in the Golden House of A. 127 West Street, there are about 43.86 million vehicles, a 3 per cent increase. In our view, the demand for tire replacement markets benefits from the continuous increase in full-ball car holdings and the demand for tyre-backed markets benefits from the slowness of the car supply chain.
The recovery in car sales after the clean-up, which, in general, represents a steady growth in the global tyre market, provides a vast space for the development of China’s tire industry. Liquid gold tyres continue to grow, and corporate brand power is increasing.
The first chemical smelting technology that solved the 100-year-old problem of the "demon triangle" in the industry was recognized as the fourth landmark technological innovation in the world rubber industry. (1) Performance aspects: corporate liquid gold tyres passed through a number of authorities such as idiada, Germany tüv, and the Smith Laboratory in the United States.
Validation and testing of its superior indicators of oil conservation, comfort, manipulation, and wearability are widely appreciated and accepted by drivers. On average, a liquid gold truck and car tire can reduce energy consumption by 4% or more, respectively, and a new energy car using a liquid gold tyre can increase continuity.
5-10%. (2) Extension: companies have dual-line power in the appliance and replacement markets. In the apparel market, companies have entered the directory of tire suppliers in several domestic and international automobile enterprises, including Biadi, Chiri, Gilly, Chang-Ann, Ulai, North Gas, Viet Nam, and Vinfast.
With regard to the replacement market, the company continues to push down the channel, and the company’s flat gold tires have landed at Camp Dongdong and Qingdao to explore the national cooperative business.
New business models. We believe that innovation drives development, high-end assistive brands, liquid gold wheels show the company’s continued dynamism in R & D, manufacturing, products, marketing, etc. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect the company’s operating income to reach 2024-2026, respectively
\triangleright \triangleright
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years ' experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, and in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries.
Yoon Yoo Yoo, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Nakayama University, Master of Audit, Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, which is partly unconnected, unconsensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.