\triangleright \tangleright \blur0.5 \blur0.5 \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs \bs
Quarterly evaluation: high performance growth with a leading advantage of 1 (1) industry end, resilient import demand in the United States and high Chinese tyre products in the Euro-American semi-styrete tyre market 24 years of reporting: high performance growth sustained, excellent
According to the U.S. Customs, 2024h1 U.S. semi-stealt imports amounting to 82.4780 million, growth and leading product strength create corporate leadership - 2024/04/27
Investment announcement points: Four quarters of performance is higher than expected, and companies are expected to perform fast: a strong recovery in domestic and foreign markets and a single quarter, benefiting from strong industrial demand and the continued release of company capacity; 24q2 tyre products at an average cost of $421.
Performance rating: net return of 691 million yuan, + 5.47 per cent, achieved in the second quarter, further reducing acquisition costs through strategic cooperation with raw materials enterprises, long contracts, etc., while also adjusting procurement strategies in due course, keeping an eye on fluctuations in raw materials prices and raising markets
Predicted accuracy to minimize the adverse impact of price fluctuations in raw materials on the enterprise; Resulting from the company's continued investment in research and development in areas such as liquid gold tyres. 2024h1 sales cost, management cost, R & D cost, financial cost rate of +0.08 pct, +0.03 pct, -0.18 pc--
The company has more than 70 million capacity and capacity in Qingdao, Tungbang, Shenyang, Viet Nam, Cambodia, and currently in production in domestic, Vietnamese and Cambodian factories, building capacity is steadily advancing, and medium- and long-term planning capacity is adequate, as of the end of June 2024 in Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Thailand, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam.
In Cambodia, 9 million semi-steeds, 1.65 million whole-steed steels in Cambodia, and 82%, 90%, 80%, 70% of the progress of the non-road projects. The company has worked deep in the area of non-road tyres for many years, with full product specifications and excellent quality, and has been working with the same gravity workers, the Xu Group, the Trinity Workers, the Sea conch Group, the China Shunhua, etc.
Co-operation has been successful abroad in matching companies such as Caterpillar, John Dheere, Kesnews Netherlands, where 21.00r35 specifications of non-road-based mines perform excellently with rigid tyre performance, achieving 137,460 km of single-born live births Recorded with 15,000 hours of useful life, well beyond the average life of this type of tyre in the market, effectively reducing
One-kilometre operating cost of a mine. Fluid gold performance, corporate branding. Liquid gold tire application. \triangleright.
The study of smelting techniques, the reduction of tyre rolling resistance, and the improvement of humid and grinding resistance have successfully solved the problem of the “demon triangle” that has plagued tyres for many years in the industry, increasing the safety, energy efficiency and comfort of cars.
Performance End, 2022, Pacific Cars performed 100 km acceleration, dry wetland brakes, elk tests,
Roll-blocking tests, high-speed electric power consumption, and six-dimensional tests for noise in cars: the race wheel liquid gold s01 shows good performance in manipulation, safety, and electricity consumption, with wetland brakes and electricity in excess of the remaining five foreign brands. At the end of use, an average of one liquid gold truck passenger and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4% and more than 3%, respectively.
(b) At the end of the channel, since 2024, the company's online downdoors have introduced new energyev, luxury driving, urban driving and a four-fold series of liquid gold-car-borne tyres with super-performance, which have been recognized by a wide range of consumers, with the result that new products have been approved by consumers.
On the side end, the liquid gold-aided vehicle is performing with better performance and is gradually receiving the newest high-end Express model of the East Fenghua car and fixed points such as the ecvt model, high-end Express & Logistics & Main Line Transport swap, electric tractors t680e and t5 light cards.
Investment proposals: The global production and distribution of corporate capacity has steadily advanced, liquid gold tyres together with non-road tyres \triangleright have fallen short of expectations, international trade has increased friction, and freight prices have fluctuated.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.