Double-sink development (000895.sz) 2023 semi-annual review: net return to mothers increased by 3.89 per cent over the same period, benefiting pig prices, agro-forestry fishing, agro-processing
The profit level of 2023h1 has increased significantly and the scheme has been effective. 2023h1 has achieved a total revenue of $30.5 billion, or +9.15 per cent, of business, a net return of $2.84 billion, or +3.89 per cent, to the mother, and a total external sales of meat products of 1.64 million tons, or 7.2 per cent, of the same year, and the increase in sales is mainly on the scale of the pig slaughter.
At the same time, the company is actively adjusting the product structure to effectively implement the "two-by-one rule" and better control.
In addition, the company has released a profit distribution plan, which is intended to develop its fresh business better and achieve excellent profits.
Optimizing the meat business is expected to yield early results, and new operations, such as prefabricated vegetables, are expected to contribute to higher performance. While overall sales of meat products from the public sector have been stable in recent years, the product structure has continued to improve and the share of medium- and high-end products has increased.
This has led to an overall increase in profitability, with the Māori rate of 2023h1 packaged meat products reaching 30.49%, an increase of 0.06 pcts over the year 2022, and the effect of the restructuring. Companies have continued to cultivate new products with potential for growth, such as hot and hot, hot wind, light-face salt sausages,
In addition, in recent years, the company has accelerated the layout of prefabricated recipes, set up a catering department, and introduced freshly adapted products such as big chops, hoofs, and small salami, chopsticks and peppers.
Two Exchange Developments (000895.sz)-2022 and 2023 - Quarterly Reviews: Prefabricated semi-finished vegetables such as net profit, red meat, prawned meat such as prunes, sprouts, blended noodles; Double Exchange Developments (000895.sz)-2021 and Quarterly 2022: Benefits
It is hoped that the market for fast food products, soy sauce products such as chickens, and so on, will open up the room for incremental company performance. The investment proposal is that the company is the leader of the slaughter industry in the country, and in the short term, it is expected to benefit from lower prices than pigs.
Over the long term, the meat industry continues to be optimized, and it is expected that the market will be further enhanced, with new operations such as prefabricated vegetables, new projects in the poultry industry gradually coming into operation, with a long-term price of 2023h1 pigs remaining below the industry cost line and sufficient supply of raw pigs. In addition, the company has been actively restructuring its products to effectively implement the "one-size-fits-all" scheme.
The company’s sales rate of 2023h1 is 17.3%, which is a better all-profit performance. We maintain conservative expectations about hog price performance in the second half of the year, and expect companies to continue to perform better.
Figure 2: Net profit and increase for double-sink development; Figure 3: Single-sink development quarterly operating income and increase; Figure 4: Single-sink development single-quarter net profit and increase
Figure 5: Double-sink development revenue structure (in billions of yuan) Figure 6: Two-sink development major business profitability Figure 7: Double-sink development Māori ratio, changes in net interest rates
Figure 8: Changes in the cost of double-sink development sales and management costs 2016-2020 data retroactively adjusted without changes in accounting policies) Investment proposal: companies are the vanguards of the domestic slaughter industry, short-term, expected to benefit from lower prices for pigs, long-term, meat
The continued transformation and optimization of the product business is expected to lead to a further increase in city occupancy rates and new business layouts such as prefabricated vegetables. Authors ensure that data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future.