With a steady growth in income and a high rate of dividends, on 18 September 2023 (yoy+9.15 per cent), the mother ' s net profit was 2.8337 billion yuan (yoy+3.89 per cent).
\triangleright 1.48 pcts. The meat product ends are growing steadily, mainly because the company upgrades the city’s management through the introduction of new products, canals; the Māori rate is equal, but the company has increased the cost of the hedges by applying the “two-by-one” controls.
Impact. (2) The slaughter business collects $15,889 million (yoy+11.73 per cent), with sales amounting to 77.22 million tons at a low level, the company continues to strengthen its channels, the volume of frozen products is steadily increasing, the storage of frozen products is carried out in due course, the proportion of splits is increased, the size of small packaging products is expanded, and profitability is significantly increased. (3) Other business camps are operating at a low level.
The Māori rate has fallen in comparison with the previous year, mainly in the 23q1 farm industry, which is affected by behavioral effects, adding factors such as low capacity utilization for new projects, additional start-up costs, and the overall loss of operations in the 23q1 branch, while 23q2 is dependent on poultry.
The increase in the Māori rate was equal to the increase in the same rate and the cost rate contracted during the period. 17.64% of Māori (+0.50 pcts) in 23q2 companies.
Research assistant Dushan \triangleright expects to continue to develop new channels such as high-end supermarkets, chains and snacks; and continuously upgrade terminals
1. Double-sink development (000895.sz) is reported in the first quarter of 2022, strengthening web site development and upgrading site quality and quantity. On the product side, companies are actively restructuring their products.
Improved visible 2022/04/27 Focus on resource promotion of lead products; enhanced promotion of new track products such as fast-freezing, new leisure and prefabricated vegetables, promising 2. Two-sink development (000895.sz) company depth: slaughter industry
3. Double-sink development (000895.sz) 2021 Annual Report Review: Prices of fresh and fresh products have fallen, meat products have fallen on average. 20 short-term sharp drops in pig prices have hit profits and long-term operations have remained robust
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.