Double-sink development (000895) company review report 18/08/2023 - semi-annual review of double-sink development
Non-mortality net gain of $1,266 million (+3.14 per cent). The company proposes to distribute a gold dividend of 0.75 dollars per share, with a total of H1 sales equal to +7.2 per cent, and 4031 dollars per ton per packaged meat product 2) with a robust growth in traditional pork operations and a rapid growth in poultry operations. 2023h1, company packaging meat/life
In the past - new projects from the poultry industry continue to be produced. 3) Packaging meat products yield 4031 ton and fresh ton ton ton.
Sales were equal to +63.79 per cent, other operations dominated by poultry products showed improved operating profitability (23h1 to 4) and the number of distributors continued to grow. 2023h1, company direct sales/distribution earnings q2 improved profitability and frozen stocks were released with a loss of value.
The impact on net interest rates is about -0.49 pct, mainly due to the loss of stock prices due to H1 on some of the frozen stocks.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, the price of pork and the price of raw pigs is higher.
The company is expected to release profit elasticity by upswings by 20/15% at lower points in early July, 23 years. 2 meat products have been upgraded at an accelerated pace. The company continues to launch new products that foster light chicken intestines, light energy, sausages, hot dog intestines, fast food, Chinese cucumbers, cod intestines, intestines, roasted intestines, thawballs.
The company takes advantage of the opportunities for the development of the prefabricated vegetable industry, making full use of the branding power of the two-sinks and deep-deep channel system, and developing new products around the eight main dishes plus the pretzels around China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
The North China region is building a marketing network, while planning for the construction of a scalding prefabricated vegetable processing plant in this river city, which will continue to sharpen the competitiveness of the company’s prefabricated vegetable products. The company is the first meat company, with a strong core team, with vertical access up and down, successfully building economies of scale.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional, independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.