The cost of pig + chicken farming has been significantly reduced, and the level of profitability has been gradually warming - On July 15, 2024, the Win-City shares issued an annual performance forecast for the year and a half of 2024.
In the medium-term performance forecast of 2024, it was shown that the Win-Springs had achieved a net return profit of 12.5 - the price of raw pigs and yellow pheasant chickens under the combination of weak consumption and a strong market supply.
The grid is in a low-level cycle, and the profit space is losing. The price of 2024q2 is falling for the mother, and the price of the pig plus chicken is warming, and 2024q2 is showing a strong swing. Pig prices are expected to remain high in the second half of 2024.
At the same time, the chicken is about to enter the season of consumption, and the level of profitability is returning.
The increase in operating income has been accompanied by a combination of pig farming, which has been declining from $7.8-7.9/kg in January 2024 to $7.1/kg in May, as well as the gradual improvement of production management and feed for the main company.
It is expected that pig prices will continue to be high in a context of declining supply, widening the scope for corporate profit increases.
The cost of pheasant farming is falling rapidly, and the profit margin is expected to continue to rise. 548 million chickens (chicks, fresh and fresh) are sold in the 2024h1 chicken industry.
By 1.04 per cent in the same year, the average selling price for chickens was $13.29 per kilogram, an increase of 1.51 per cent in the same year. 2024h1 chicken consumption market was weak and sales fell, but the cost of share chicken farming fell rapidly, with the price of yellow pheasant rising.
A rapid decline of $6.5/kg per month to $6/kg per month in May 2024, with an improvement in profitability, a decrease in debt ratios, a reversal of the 2024h1 wt. shares, and a projected operating cash flow
The Division will use surplus cash flows to cover profitable debt during the period, capital debt ratios will be reduced faster than expected, and there will be sufficient stocking of pigs and the size of the yellow feather chickens, which is expected to further widen the scope for income and profit upswings, and will therefore be given the "buying" option.
Risks of disease in the pig-breeding industry: natural disasters and extreme weather risks: risks of changes in industrial policies; price increases for pigs that are less than expected; market volatility for feed and raw materials risks; risk of macroeconomic fluctuations.
The Agriculture Group presents its research in the field of agriculture, reflecting my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.