The price of pig farming has risen and the cost of optimizing the performance elasticity of productivity 26 August 2024 Win-Stocks (stock code: 300498.sz)
The performance of Xie Zhiyu 2402 was reversed and the Māori rate improved significantly. The 24q2 performance improved significantly, benefiting from the sustained improvement in pig prices, the gradual optimization of the cost of breeding. 24H1 combined Māori rate was 10.84 per cent.
24h1 pig sales are equal to +22% and farm costs are constantly being optimized. 24h1 sells 1437.42 million meat pigs (with both fur and fresh products), +21.96% of the same year, accounting for 3.95% of the country ' s pig production in the same period, and indicators such as msy consider that 24h2 pigs are more expensive than h1 and that the company ' s costs continue to be optimized.
The profits of the pig-breeding business of the follow-on company can be sustained. 24h1 company has slightly reduced the sale of yellow feather chickens and raised the cost of improving profitability. 24h1 company has sold 548 million chickens (poisons, fresh products and cooked foods), corresponding to -1.04 per cent of the total number of poultry out of the country during the same period.
The production of chickens has remained stable and core production performance indicators have remained high, while the impact of the fall in the price of feed raw materials has been compounded, the cost of corporate farming has continued to improve and profitability has increased significantly.
Investment proposals: the company is based on the twin industries of pig-breeding and chicken-breeding, the prices of pig-breeding are in the process of upwards, with continued cost-level optimization, company-breeding operations with elasticity or over-expected profits; and the company ' s overall profitability may be achievable, taking into account factors such as the supply of yellow chickens to low-end positions and seasonal improvements in the h2 end of consumption.
12 times and 8 times the equivalent, maintaining the `recommended' rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.