Wen's share (300498.sz)
Investment rating: superior to Grand City (maintenance)
In the case of the river, all pig farming is profitable at close to $220-240, and the total cost of pig farming is close to $14.5/kg, with a steady drop in costs. 2) The company has sufficient stocks of pig production capacity, the existing farm has a capacity of about 46 million, and the fertility phase has an effective capacity of about 35 million, and is expected to emerge in the future.
Deaths from the epidemic, uncontrollable cost pressures from rising prices of food raw materials, and large fluctuations in prices of raw pigs. 4) Investment proposal: Winchester shares performed well in the first half of 2024, and the cost of pig and yellow chicken farming has steadily declined and is expected to benefit from the booming pig price cycle.
Nearly $220-240, equivalent to the full cost of 2024q2 pig farming close to $14.5/kg, and the average price of commercial pig sales close to $16.34/kg, with a fixed southern distribution area premium advantage; the company is expected to earn close to $3-3.5 for 202402 yellow chicken farming, corresponding to the full cost of 20242 yellow chicken farming close to $12/kg. The company ' s cost of raw pig and yellow chicken farming maintains a steady downward trend at 2024q2.
The improvement in the performance of pig-breeding is evident, and the downward trend in costs is expected to continue, as will the future cost of commodity-based pig production. As the company’s production stability improves, its capacity utilization is increasing, fixed costs and fee-splitting are reduced, and farm-raising costs are expected to continue their downward trend.
With regard to production capacity reserves, the company announcement of May 2024 revealed that the existing pig farm had a capacity of about 46 million (i.e. 46 million pig-bearing products that could be produced by normal production at the current company farm level) and an effective capacity to raise pigs at the fertility stage combined with a capacity of about 35 million. The company has a sufficient stock of pig farm stock, and if it needs to increase the number of pig-growing households quickly, it will have to allocate only an increase in the number of pig-rich and cooperative farmers.
In 2023, the company sold 1,183 million chickens (chicks, fresh and cooked), an increase of 9.51% over the same year, accounting for the country’s chickens (including white feathers, yellow feathers, and small chickens).
In 2024, the company is expected to increase sales by 5-10% from 2023 to 2023, and the livestock stock, which is set at two pairs of open chickens and three pairs of pheasant chickens, has increased to nine new varieties of pheasant chicken, which have been validated by the state, with a wealth of pheasant resources and a leader in breeding technology.
Investment proposals: Continue to focus on the excellent performance of Win-Stock shares in the first half of 2024, and the steady decline in the cost of pig and yellow chicken farming, which is expected to benefit from the booming pig price cycle. We maintain that “excellent industries have an uncontrollable death of pig disease, uncontrollable cost pressures from higher prices of food raw materials, and high volatility of pig prices”
Winch Shares (300498.sz)-2023 and 2024 Quarterly Reviews: The cost of pig production has steadily improved and the yellow chicken farm has led the way - the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.