On September 18th, 2024, Wen's shares issued a copy of the Repurchase Report.
There's $91.8 billion to buy back the company's ordinary shares through a centralized competitive exchange, to build confidence in the buyback schedule, and to stimulate motivation of the workforce.
Repurchases, and repurchases, will be used to implement the employee holding scheme or equity incentive. Repurchases fully demonstrate a high degree of confidence in the company’s own future and its own value.
The company is fully motivated to mobilize good employees, promote team cohesion, and further develop long-term incentives to ensure long-term healthy growth of the company’s team.
H1 performance has been steadily rising, with the birth of pigs growing brightly, with 46.758 billion yuan in operating income for the 2024h 1 W, an increase of 13.49 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of 1,327 million yuan, excluding net return to the mother.
Acupuncture/feed farming achieved business income of $281,576,676 million and achieved rapid growth, with a total of 19,051,400 pig-born in January-August, with both strong and negative returns and a two-fold increase in the level of income earned by pigs and chickens.
Long 2024-08-28, capable of keeping 164.165 million pigs, with sufficient reserve stock. Farming costs have dropped significantly, and profit levels have gradually been reduced.
The cost of pig + chicken farming is on a downward trend, and there is still room for decline in costs: 2024-08-06 2024h1 wt. shares of pork and pheasant farming are on a continuous downward trend.
As the cost of raw material for feed falls, it is expected that pig farming will be integrated.
This would have been further reduced, with the latest combined cost in August now falling between $6.9 and a pound.
This continues to be explored to help further broaden the scope for profitability. ▪ The asset-liability ratio has steadily declined, and the financial position has continued to improve, with a net operating cash flow of $5.809 billion from the 2024h1 W.A.
At the end of July 2024, the ratio of assets and liabilities declined steadily. The risks of disease in the pig-breeding industry: natural disasters and extreme weather risks: industrial policy.
Change risk: the price of pigs rises below the expected risk: the price of yellow chicken rises below the expected risk; the risk of market volatility in feed and raw materials; and the volatility of macroeconomics
Having physical, first-level, first-half-level and second-tier market experience, good at the industrial chain perspective and grass-roots front line, 2024 Wenzheng: Agricultural team member, Bachelor of Science, People’s University of China, Master of Science and Technology University of Hong Kong, August 2024, reflects my research views. I have not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.