The choice of consumer cars and auto parts is evaluated in the Woo-tung bus: the leader keeps the lead, improves the internal performance of R & D, shows a negative growth in performance, and shows a strong rise. The company earns $12.5 billion in the first half of the year, compared to the previous year.
The company sold 254,000 buses in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.62 per cent. According to the China-China Association, sales of large and medium-sized buses fell by 5.9 per cent in the first half of the year on average, and the public sector maintained its leading position, maintaining a negative growth in sales.
Short-term new energy buses will be affected by the subsidy slope. The transition period for new energy buses will end in August, and it is expected that the recovery will be significant before the end of the transition period, while at the same time it will overwrite several futures.
Monthly bus sales. The short-term downside of subsidies has had a negative impact on bus sales and profits, but I believe that excellent firms can gradually make a profit with stronger cost-controlled upwards, stronger R&D high-end products, more advanced overseas markets. Companies keep going beyond the industry.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Total equity/flow (million shares) Inputs, 800 million yuan in R & D in the first half of the year, up 28 per cent from the same period, mainly for t7 commercial total market value/flow (millions)
High-end overseas products are a tool for opening up corporate sales and profits. By the end of the first half of the year, the company had cumulatively exported 67,000 passenger vehicles for sale to Europe, Africa, Latin America, and Latin America.
There are more than 70 distribution networks in Australia and South-East Asia. New energy buses form bulk orders in many European countries, such as the Annual Journal of the Wittenbus (600066), and the overseas market has achieved significant results.
In the post-subsidization era, the leading market is limited.
Woo-tung Bus: Year of Subsidy and Reverse, The New Energy Bus: Strong Head Lead - 2018/04/03
The Woo-tung passenger car has been evaluated for maintaining its leading position and improving its research and development.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.