The reason for the report is: six months of review, increased profitability, active high-end production.
Increased profitability in the first half of the year.
Billion dollars, an increase of 15.71 per cent over the same year, and an increase of 10.31 pct over the same year. In the first half of 2019: the public sector realized an increase of 4.06 per cent over the same year, a decrease of 24.97 pct over the same period in 2018, but the net profit from maternity increased by 10.78 per cent over the same period in 2018, an increase of 34.21 pct over the same period.
On the one hand, the public \triangleright bus product chain is complete, covering not only the needs of 5 to 18 metres in length, but also coverage.
Basic data: 30 June 2019 Breakdown of markets by road passenger, tourist passenger, bus, group commuter, school bus, viewing car, airport ferry, passenger car. On the other hand, at the end of the reporting period, the company was large and medium-sized.
Buses are the first to be sold in the industry, with strong leadership, well-developed distribution channels, excellent cost control and extensive production-line management experience. In the face of the widespread use of the bus market, which is affected by the weakening of demand and the gradual fall in subsidies for new energy sources, competition in the bus market has intensified, public
In the first half of 2019, companies invested in research and development mainly in the design and development of roads, public exchange for new products and t7 commercial vehicles, overseas high-end public transport.
High-end products such as tourism, cl6/cl7 have been developed and refined at a cost of $792 million, which is a significant advance on R & D costs and R & D costs/business revenues compared to the comparable listed companies that have been disclosed in the semi-annual 2019 report in 2018.
The development of an interpolated, pure electric common platform at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, has created an internationally competitive series of 6-18 metres of new energy.
As the results of research and development are transformed, it is expected that the technological advantages of companies will be further expanded. The International Centre, on the 7th floor, actively deploys overseas markets to provide companies with an increase in their performance.
\triangleright Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., with full experience of overseas market expansion; second, bulk sales of products to more than 30 worldwide
(c) Third, the improvement of transport infrastructure in Asia and Africa and the promotion of new energy buses abroad, and the foreign bus market.
So market demand, adding company experience, products and layout, depending on the overseas bus market, is expected to increase the company ' s performance. > As the leader of the bus industry, the industry chain is intact, the overall security margin is higher, and the corporate margin is higher. >
The Division continues to develop high-end products and markets abroad, and is expected to contribute to the production structure of companies. The landscape of the auto industry continues to decline; industrial policies are significantly adjusted; high-end products are not moving ahead as expected; and overseas operations are not moving as fast as expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.