The company released its mid-year report in 2019, with a total operating income of $12.51 billion, an increase of 4.1 per cent over the previous six months.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 680 million yuan, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the same period; the net loss of profits, net return, control of terminal prices by the firm 209h1 ensured profitability, negative sales volume, income and net profits achieved growth, a marked improvement in the Māori rate, which highlighted the company's outstanding managerial capacity, its strong leadership, and the city's strong position.
The price premium, Māori rate and performance have improved significantly. 2019H1 company bus sales were 25,429 vehicles, or 2.6 per cent more, of which 8,834 were new energy buses, or 0.8 per cent more, and companies controlled prices, with 2019H1 revenues equal to +4.1 per cent, and Māori ratios 22.9 per cent.
Compared to +1.5 pct; sales cost increased by +1.8 per cent due mainly to increased mortgage service costs due to longer financing periods; management costs increased by +7.8 per cent due mainly to increased management labour costs; R & D costs increased by +27.6 per cent due mainly to the concentration of companies in completing new product tests during the lower production period in the first half of the year and increased R & D projects
To; financial costs equal to +130 million, mainly as a result of foreign currency assessments affecting exchange gains and losses over the same period last year; Four cost rates totalling 17.9 per cent, corresponding to + 2.0 pct. 209h1 companies recognized non-recurrent gains and losses of $160 million (government subsidies of 90 million, receivables impairments of $60 million, etc.) and net profit returns of the same value.
040 million. The sales volume of 2019q2 passenger vehicles increased by 0.2%, and is expected to benefit mainly from company price premiums, the same rate as +1.4 ptt. 2019q2 income and Māori rates increased faster, and company profits increased faster.
Six months ago, the BMEC market was 39.2%, the same year +3.5pc, mainly the company seized the key nodes of the new energy subsidy policy switch, brokered bill delivery with its clients during the transition period, and seized the opportunity of the tourist bus growth, and achieved a double-dip on sales and occupancy.
The export bus market accounted for 26.4% of the same year - 2.7% of the total, mainly the company's strategic abandonment of some of the low-profit orders, and is expected to increase its Māori-to-city ratio with the end-of-year listing of overseas high-end products. The company's new energy bus market of more than 6 metres is 29.6%, compared to +0.9%.
Sustained investment in R & D, and excellence in integrated management. With leading skill levels, keen market management, and excellent managerial capabilities, companies have been struggling to raise bus sales and Maori rates in the first half of the year.
The company captures the trends in industry and has significant advantages in terms of technology, products, marketing, etc.
The Woo-Ton bus - Subsidy rollbacks are under pressure, attention is being paid to the firm position of the new company and the city's share is expected to increase continuously.
1) Decline in automobile sales; 2) Increase in prices of raw materials, etc.; 3) Significant drop in new energy subsidies.
Automobiles: car-to-cars