The company published its semi-annual report for 2019, which achieved a gross operating income of $12.505 billion during the reporting period.
The same-year increase of 4.06 per cent, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company of $683 million, the same-year increase, negative growth, and the advantage of passenger cars is clear: in the first half of the year, the company achieved 4.06 per cent of revenue and 10.78 per cent of net profit, and performed better than the industry average, showing a clear leader.
This is reflected in: (1) the fact that total sales are higher than the industry average, and the fact that in the first half of the year the domestic passenger vehicle growth showed a clear lead in the long run; (2) an increase in the market share of large and medium passenger vehicles, with a relative depth of 300 indicators for each share.
In the first half of the year, there was a 9.0 per cent drop in the same ratio for large and medium passenger vehicles in the country (MICA calibres), while the company realized that the number of vehicles sold by the company was 216,000, an increase of 2.3 per cent in the same year, with the city accounting for 38.2 per cent, up from last year.
The opportunity for the growth of cars has led to a double increase in bus sales and market access, with the new energy bus subsidy falling in the second half of the year, further exacerbating the industry’s liquidation, and the company, as the van leader of the bus, is expected to enjoy a sustained increase in the market’s share in the success of the industry.
The Māori rate has continued to improve and the profits of bicycles have improved: quarterly returns of $4.84 billion and $7.67 billion, respectively, in the first and second quarters of 2019, representing an increase of 3.85 per cent and 4.20 per cent, respectively, show signs of continued improvement, mainly due to the firm ' s stronger pricing and physical presence as a passenger bus leader.
Good results from efficiency measures. In the context of pressure on the passenger-car industry, the company ' s bicycles have increased its profits, at an average cost of $49.18 million in the first half of the year, an increase of $70,000 in the same year, and aaa_Utunbus (600066).
_aaa_ Woo-train (600066) report strong cost-control capability.
Research and development investment continues to grow, with new areas taking advantage of traditional bus leadership: new trends in domestic bus technology and innovation, such as new energy sources, smart networks, and intelligent transport, are emerging, and companies can only stand up if they continue to invest and master core new technologies.
The focus has been on R & D inputs, with R & D spending in the first half of the year amounting to $792 million, or 6.3 per cent of revenue, up from 1.2 pct in the same period last year, with core technologies in terms of new energy, intelligence, safety, energy conservation, comfort, environmental protection, etc., and continuing to lead the way, with a huge amount of R & D investment each year creating the future.
New investment opportunities, good R & D mechanisms are expected to enable companies to remain dominant in the traditional passenger car market in new areas. The dollar, which corresponds to 13.79 and 11.95 times the pe, takes into account the company’s van’s leading position and the fact that the company’s driving power is still high.
Profitability is gradually increasing, with an “enhanced” rating.