The company's review report on the automobile industry and the new energy technology research and development of the bus (600066.sh) has produced remarkable results.
Li Zeqiang publishes its semi-annual report for 2019. The company achieved business income of $12,505 million, corresponding to +4.06 per cent: net profit from parent company of $683 million. + 10.78 per cent.
(i) The low cyclicality of the bus industry, with six-month-old performance upwards, and the fact that the bus industry is a weak cyclical industry, whose total size depends on the total number of people travelling and the outcome of travel, and is also influenced to some extent by national policies, has led to low sales in the passenger car market.
During the reporting period, according to statistics from the China Bus Statistics Information Network, there was a decline of 5.90 per cent in the domestic market and 6.57 per cent in the export market. In the domestic market, companies seized the key nodes of the country ' s new energy subsidy policy switch.
Working with clients during the transition period to facilitate the delivery of orders, while seizing opportunities for growth in tourist buses, has achieved a double increase in sales and occupancy; in export markets, there has been a decline in corporate sales on an equal basis, mainly as a result of a strategic abandonment of some of the low-profit orders.
(ii) Increased investment in research and development for new energy technologies, with strong domestic and foreign market sales reaching $792 million in the first half of 2019, representing an increase of 27.56 per cent in the same year, representing an increase of 6.33 per cent in operating income and a higher level in the same industry.
In terms of R & D, companies have made major breakthroughs in energy-efficient and new energy passenger vehicles, power cell integration and pipelines, whole-of-car control and energy efficiency. (1) Efficient power systems: cracking down on the electromagnetic compatibility, high-pressure protection and heat design challenges of high integration, and introducing third generation heights.
Pressure integrated controllers, with a 32 per cent reduction in weight compared to the previous generation, with efficiency, power density, protection level, electromagnetic compatibility remaining ahead of the industry; 97 per cent maximum power efficiency through multi-area fine-tuning and high-impact area condition matching design, with average efficiency achieved under common conditions
94.5 per cent, with a 25 per cent increase in torque density. (2) Power cell integration and management: a 24-hour monitoring system for power cells has been developed, allowing full-time, seamless monitoring of battery state, integrated battery system security: battery system self-adapted heat management control techniques have been developed to optimize battery power
In the domestic market, companies have continued to expand and optimize their service networks, building 13 48 central stations and connecting them to Chengzhou, Lanzhou, Guangzhou, Jinan, Changsha, Xian, Changchun, Shanghai, Urumqi, Chengdu, Wuhan, Nanning, Shenyang.
More than 1,800 offers and more than 180 distributors of accessories form a diversified service network with self-help stations. In foreign markets, by the end of June, companies had accumulated more than 67,000 passenger-car products, which were sold to France, the United Kingdom, Russia, Kazakhstan, and the United Kingdom.
Chile, Ethiopia, South Africa, etc.. In the main target markets, companies have become the main bus (1) risk that the automobile industry as a whole will not grow as fast as expected;