Summary of events: April 29, corporate announcement, signing of a framework agreement for cooperation with Indonesia in the fresh water valley, both parties
Co-operative planning for a high-pressure acid leaching project of up to 120,000 tons of metal, with the largest share in the fresh water valley in Indonesia of up to 30 per cent, using the Chinese-American wet process to supply nickel raw materials from the fresh water valley; integrated layout of the nickel chain in the fresh water valley; rich reserves of Indonesian nickel.
\triangleright Smelting Integrated Layout, with products dominated by refined nickel and iron, with nickel deposits in freshwater valleys distributed mainly in Canada, Indonesia and Brazil, with 11 million tons of nickel and approximately 200,000 tons of metal equivalent in 2021.
With the development of the Bahhodopi and Pomalaa projects, there is a high potential for increased nickel deposits in Indonesia. Analysis: technology and resources combined, Chinese friends reinforced nickel supply security.
The rapid expansion of production capacity, improved supply of and demand for nickel, starting in 2020 with the ban on export of nickel from Indonesia, the fragmentation of nickel markets, tensions in overseas nickel mines, excess domestic nickel and a sharp increase in internal and external price differentials with the production of nickel from Indonesia.
China’s future nickel needs are high, working with the fresh water valley to strengthen future supply security. We expect 465,000 tons of nickel to be refined, and the demand for nickel is rapidly increasing, while the company’s nickel is mainly coming.
Cooperation between the parties can complement each other and achieve win-win results. Future perspective: a comprehensive deployment of lithium cobalt-cobalt resources, an extension of the "triple plus lithium" technology two-way approach 1. Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh) event review: incentive scheme
Integrated lithium electric material taps, with high execution power, low-cost advantages, full-scale technical route layout, deep binding, resource plus lithium electrical material layout, long-line clear. 1) high-performance, output growth is determined, performance growth curves are steep: the company's flag is closed.
The 60,000-ton-a-year nickel-metallurgical smelting project had reached production early in March 2022, the Huaco nickel had become the best “record card” in history, the strength of the integration advantage had been boosted, the early start of the Huairai project had begun in April, and the future growth of the company's productive capacity was more certain;
3. China Friends Cobalt Industry (603799.sh) Event Review: The resource layout is well developed with the general public, and the cost advantages of the integrated layout are gradually being highlighted: the company ' s copper and cobalt plates are already in size, and the global tap for the integration of lithium electric materials has been launched with the strong and powerful of Aoyama.
The Indonesia Nickel Project, the Arcadia Lithium Mine Project, and the State-based China-China-China-Chang-Chang-Chang-Chang-Chang-Chang-Chang-Change Project 4. The Chinese-Chang-Change Cobalt Industry: Overperformance, One, etc., are on the ground, and the company will build deep moats in terms of cost; 3) tied to downstream depths, the future.
Production and sales are guaranteed: the company has a joint venture with offshore taps like lg and posco, which is in turn associated with a three-ton pre-disposal drive, with a high degree of certainty about future growth. 4) The technology route is well-structured, and there is no fear of future technological change.
Göring: Together, the company has built 500,000 tons of capacity, acquired 10,000 tons of calcium technology to build capacity, 75,000 tons of lithium phosphate to build capacity, improved downstream battery technology routes, further intensified investment proposals: improved upstream resource layout of the company, successful production of downstream lithium, and expected rapid release.
It's bound to the depth of international resources and automobiles, with a high degree of certainty of growth and a deep moat. We expect the company to \triangleright 1 event: China's friend cobalt industry and the fresh water valley of Indonesia to sign a framework agreement for cooperation.
On 29 April, the Chinese-American Cobalt Industry Bulletin signed a cooperation framework agreement with the fresh water valley Indonesia (ptvi). The two sides plan to collaborate on a high-pressure acid leaching project using lignite ore as a feedstock, mainly as follows: 1) The high-pressure acid leaching project proposes the introduction of humid processes, technologies and configurations in the Chinese-American cobalt industry to deal with the freshwater valley in Indonesia.
The project is designed to produce cobalt hydroxide products (mhp) producing no more than 120,000 tons of metals per year.2 The parties plan to negotiate and sign a long-term agreement between the freshwater valleys of Indonesia, the Wetland Joint Venture and the Chinese-American Cobalt industry.
Supply agreement for exclusive supply of brown iron ore to the pressured acid soaking project in Indonesia in the fresh water valley. (3) The fresh water valley has the right to acquire up to 30% of the shares of the wet-law joint venture. 4) The Chinese-American cobalt industry plans 100% of the cobalm project mhp products, if the fresh water valley becomes a shareholder.
Mhp products should be reimbursed on the basis of equity ratios. (5) During the life cycle of the joint venture, the Chinese-American cobalt industry should consult with Indonesia in the freshwater valley to study solutions using green or low-carbon electricity as a source of power for the project.
2.1 The freshwater valley is integrated, the Indonesian nickel deposits are abundant, the freshwater valleys are selected, smelting is integrated, and the products are sold as refined nickel and nickel. The corporate nickel mine is mainly located in resource-rich areas such as Canada, Indonesia, and Brazil, where the Canadian project is the nickel sulfide mine, Indonesia and Brazil.
The nickel sulfide mine in Canada directly produces electrolytic nickel and, in small part, nickel oxide, which is transported to the UK for the production of electrolytic nickel; the Red Nickel mine in Indonesia produces high-ice nickel intermediates, 80% of the product is supplied to the freshwater valley and 20% of the supply is supplied; friends, Indonesian high-ice nickel is shipped to Japan for processing to Japan for nickel oxide and then to the UK and Canada for processing into electricity.
The fresh water valley, through a Canadian subsidiary, indirectly holds 43.8% of Indonesia’s shares in the fresh water valley. The freshwater valley is mainly responsible for the production of iron ore, nickel, copper, of which the nickel industry is mining, mining, smelting and smelting, and the company’s nickel sales.
In 2021, 36.5 per cent of corporate nickel products were sold to Asia, 33.5 per cent to North America, 27.8 per cent to Europe and 2.2 per cent elsewhere.
Sulphurized nickel mines in Canada are associated with the epidemic, with a marked decline in production. The nickel mines in Canada are sulfated nickel mines, consisting mainly of three projects: sudbury, thompson, voisey'sbay, a multi-metal associated mine dominated by copper and nickel, which has a long history of development in Canada.
Production began in 1885. In 2021, the production of sudbury ore fell by 34 per cent, or tons, almost equal, but by 25 per cent from 2019. The voiseybay project produced 2.06 million tons, a 30 per cent increase from the same year, mainly as a result of the expansion of the nickel project, which is expected to be completed in 2022, or one.
The Brazilian project on çapuma has seen a decline in nickel production as a result of maintenance. The project on apuma contains nearly 1.6 million tons of nickel deposits, with a high grade of 2.11 per cent, a decrease of 2.12 million tons of nickel in 2021, compared with 41 per cent in 2021, and a decrease in storage of 27 per cent. The project on çapuma has a decline in production, mainly as a result of smelter maintenance.
Indonesia’s sorowako nickel mine is used mainly to produce high-ice nickel, with high-ice nickel smelters producing 65,000 tons, a decline of 9 per cent compared to the previous year, because in 2021 the Indonesian government implemented a fall of 4.15 million tons per year, almost the same level.
2.2 Indonesia’s nickel iron production is expanding rapidly, and the nickel supply and demand patterns are improving. The global nickel reserves are relatively rich, with 35 deposits in 2021. Production of stainless steel is rising steadily, new sources of energy are developing rapidly, nickel demand is growing faster, nickel is growing steadily, and global nickel reserves are rising in 2021.
About 95 million tons of metal, yielding 2.7 million tons of metal, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same period, a 35-per cent recovery ratio, a relatively strong nickel reserve, and a declining trend in the nickel mining ratio due to faster growth in the volume of nickel. The nickel mine is mainly located in Indonesia, Australia, and Brazil, with high potential for development in Indonesia.
In relative concentration, Indonesia, Australia, and Brazil account for as much as 61%. Since 2016, as investment in Indonesia’s nickel mine has increased, nickel deposits have grown faster, investment in Indonesia’s nickel mine is currently low, and as demand for nickel has grown significantly, nickel exploration has increased, and Indonesia’s future prospects for increased reserves are better.
The ban on mining in Indonesia in 2020, cutting off the nickel market, has led to tensions and excess domestic supply of nickel from abroad. Nickel companies abroad are largely mining, smelting, integrated production, and international trade in nickel from Indonesia and the Philippines is dominated by nickel.
Since Indonesia’s relatively weak nickel production capacity, the ban on mining has resulted in an oversupply of the country’s nickel mine, while the international nickel market has become scarce and the price differentials within and outside the nickel mine have increased significantly. Following Indonesia’s announcement of a ban in August 2019, the price of the Philippine nickel mine has risen sharply, from US$ 20/wet to US$ 73/wet to 1.5/wet ton in red-earth nickel, while Indonesia has seen a sharp increase in the price of the nickel mine.
The price of nickel in Indonesia is based on a nickel benchmark linked to the price of lme nickel. In Indonesia, nickel smelting is based on fire, requiring a high grade of nickel ore entry, which is more than 1.7%, in response to the excess supply of nickel in the country caused by the ban.
On the other hand, the Government of Indonesia sets the benchmark price for the nickel mine, the base price for the nickel mine is linked to the price of the lme nickel, the price for the nickel mine is different from the price for the nickel mine, and the benchmark price for the nickel mine is as follows: (cf correction factor 1.9 = 20 per cent for the grade, 0.1 per cent for the grade, 1 per cent for the grade, and 1 per cent for the price)
Indonesia’s nickel production capacity is heavily diversified, the nickel market is gradually bridging, and Indonesia and the Philippines have reduced nickel prices. In India, the price of nickel has been set as a benchmark, but the supply of nickel has been strained mainly because of insufficient smelting end-product capacity and the overall supply of nickel in Indonesia, so nickel and iron companies have a stronger bargaining power and prices are generally lower than market benchmark prices since 2020.
With Indonesia’s rapid growth in nickel production and supply and demand patterns gradually improving, the Philippines and Indonesia have a 1.8% graded nickel price differential between $40/twet to $15/twt, while Indonesia’s nickel production continues to expand rapidly.
2.3 The combination of technology and resources, China-Yo Yu's enhanced nickel supply guarantee Sorowako uses an oxygen-rich side blowout process with a high-ice nickel capacity of about 80,000 tons of metal. The freshwater valley in Indonesia consists mainly of Sorowako, Bahhodopi, and Pomalaa projects, all of which are in Soura, which is rich in nickel.
On the Greater “k” Island in Wisi, the mining area covers 118,000 hectares and the mining rights expired in 2025, but the company has the right to extend for a period of 20 years, with only the Sorowako project in operation in the freshwater valley of Indonesia and the Bahhodopi and Pomalaa project in the development phase.
The Sorowako project, which began production in 1978, is a mineral selection, smelting integration project, mainly producing high-ice nickel intermediates, producing about 80,000 tons of metal, is the main project currently under which nickel from the red-earth has been used for the production of high-ice nickel on the aerobic side, which is also produced directly from the red-earth nickel mine to high-ice nickel and no longer converts the intermediate nickel.
Long-term maintenance with a downward trend in production, high-ice nickel production of 654,000 tons of metals in 2021, a 9.4 per cent decline compared to the previous year. Ptvi has 365mw hydropower in Indonesia, mainly to sorowako high-ice nickel supply, smelter energy costs are low, and ptvi hydropower can provide green energy for future cooperative projects.
The fresh water valley is rich in nickel. The calculus-type nickel mine is high, suitable for pyrotechnics, the lignite-type nickel mine, low nickel levels, and low magnesium content, which is more suitable for hydrometallurgical smelting.
The ptvi-carried red-soil mine detects and controls 2.14 million tons of metal, the lignite-type nickel resource is larger, the pomalaa project detects and controls the lignite-type resource volume of about 700,000 tons of metal, and the pomalaa project also contains high nickel-grade mining areas, such as bahodopi, and is rich in low-grade mineral resources.
The nickel mine has only the pomalaa project, the Chinese-American nickel smelting project has been better planned, with a capacity of 465,000 tons of metal and a significant increase in nickel demand. The Chinese-American project has more projects, and this year the Chinese-Chinese-Waco project has a capacity of 105,000 tons of metal and a future Chinese-flying project.
China’s nickel deposits are mainly secured through market-based purchases, which are complemented by long-term supply cooperation agreements. The company’s nickel-mining partners are more homogeneous, with a more concentrated supply of raw materials, and can work with the freshwater valley.
There is a marked decline in the intensity of investment and technological advantage in the Chinese-American Wet Method project. The nickel-wet-smelting technology has a long life cycle, high investment intensity, and many of the operating projects face long-term losses and discourage most investors from doing so.
With the accumulation of technology and the domesticization of some important equipment, investment intensity has continued to decline and the construction cycle has been significantly shortened, as has the investment intensity of China's projects, which has dropped to $210,000/tonne from construction to production for 21 months, both indicators leading the industry and the firm's confidence in large-scale replication of wet-water projects.
The two sides complement each other and work together to win-win. Indonesia’s nickel and iron and wet methods have more projects under way, future production can be sustained, rapid growth, the demand for nickel is strong, and the supply and demand patterns of nickel will gradually change, especially for the high-grade nickel mines used in fire smelting, with relatively small reserves, supply and demand patterns will be reversed, and this collaboration will help the company.
China's advantage in emerging areas of nickel demand, such as new energy materials, is greater, while China's advantage in the field of deep-dry nickel mining and smelting for more than a hundred years is greater in the field of fire smelting such as nickel resources and high-ice nickel, and cooperation between China and China is beneficial both to expanding the supply of nickel raw materials and to the freshwater valley in batteries.
This expansion, coupled with complementarities in nickel smelting, can be achieved.3 Profit forecasting and investment suggest that companies are integrated new energy industries, with larger amounts of energy from upstream resources to medium-sized new energy materials.
The scale layout, which we have chosen for a major share of copper-cobalt-based molybdenum industry and for a large part of cobalt-rich nickel-based mining, as well as for new energy materials in the main battalion, is also available in Greenme, which is a comparable company with the nickel-wetting technology project, which in 2022 was 14 times the average of the company-pe, 11 times higher than that of the company. As a result of the number of projects under construction, the capacity has expanded.
The company’s upstream resources are well-placed, its downstream lithium power expansion is smooth, it is expected to quickly release, and its product prices are at risk of falling sharply.
There are more projects under construction, which can have a negative impact on the company’s profits if some projects are put into production or if the pace of production is delayed by internal or external factors. 3) There is less demand than expected. Companies have more projects under construction, their capacity is growing rapidly, and downstream markets are opening up.
To the extent that difficulties arise or demand increases less than expected, resulting in an underutilization of the company’s capacity and an increase in the one-ton depreciation amortization, thus increasing costs, adding up production less than expected and impacting corporate profitability, the methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.