Resource and Environmental Research Centre Logical Recompilation of the Hua-Yo Cobalt Industry - Lithium Power Integration into the Harvesting Period
The transformation process, with 29,000 tons of pre-21h1 ex-diversion sales, +129% of the same year, jumped to the fourth highest level in the country. The 90% share of raw materials in the cost of the pre-diversion created a significant cost advantage for upward integration.
The Indonesia Wet Nickel Project contributed $120,000 in excess of profit: nickel sulphate costs increased from 24% of the former drive material from ncm333 to 70% of ncm811, and the upstream nickel can be effectively reduced.
1. The q4 performance over-expected, integration continued to advance - China tons of nickel. The nickel intermediate preparation costs were better than the mainstream rkef fire project, with a $6,000/tton nickel competition, with a cost advantage of over RMB 12,000 per ton for pre-ton drive.
2. q2 High Performance, Ex-Drive Expense - In addition to HWA, the company simultaneously earns excess gains from the high barrier wetting project. + Positive material output rapidly released: The company ' s pre-generation lithium production is in the harvest period, 21-23
3. " Quantified uplifting performance, steady promotion of fund-raising projects -- 21-year Quarterly Review of Cobalt Industry in China " , tons, a downward extension + pre-emptive advantage + cost barrier, will continue to increase the market share of lithium electric materials in power companies.
Cycle + growth attributes combined: companies used to be pure-cycle enterprises, with their performance fluctuated considerably with copper and cobalt prices. With the progressive release of pre-drive + positive materials, the gross domestic product of lithium plates increased from 13 per cent in 20 years to 28 per cent in 23 years, and will continue to rise. Lithium growth subdued the profit cycle, and metal prices contributed.
Cobalt Cobalt price pessimism assumes that the company’s profits will continue to grow positive for 22 years, and optimistic assumptions that the profits will grow by more than 70% in 22 years. The company will have both cyclical + growth properties in the future.
During the period, we have revised the net profit from the company ' s return. The forecast for 21-23 years is that the net profit from the company ' s return will fall short of the expected risks, the risk of a fall in the price of copper and cobalt nickel, the risk of currency exchange, and the project ' s progress.
First, completion of the integrated layout of lithium electrical materials, with a significant cost advantage of 1.1 from the cobalt industry tap to the golden transition of the integration of lithium electrical materials.
The Chinese-American cobalt industry, as the global leader of the cobalt industry, has accelerated the process of transformation of the integration of new energy lithium electric materials, based on the advantages of resources and financing sources since its listing in 2015. The current business section of the company involves upstream development of nickel-cobalt copper resources - intermediate cobalt salt/electric copper/sulfurate nickel smelting - downstream pre-drilling and positive material production.
The three main components of corporate resources, colorful, new energy sources have formed vertically integrated chains that complete the global space layout of their headquarters in the village of Kiryu, resource security outside China, manufacturing bases in China and the city.
▪ The transformation of the lithium electricity industry chain has been remarkable: the company has been deploying a new energy business for lithium electricity since 2013, and in recent years the company ' s sales of pre-thirty-dollar excavated products have been rapidly released, amounting to 3.1.29 million tons, compared to +138 per cent/+129 per cent. According to ggii, the volume of global pre-discharges in 2020 was 420,000 tons.
With 330,000 tons of domestic shipments, the Chinese-American Cobalt Industry has jumped to the fourth largest share, accounting for 11%. 1.2 Direct materials account for about 90% of the cost of pre-drivers, which has a significant cost advantage. 1.2 The pre-drilling solution lies in upscaling.
The share of industry costs is about 80% to 90%, and there are significant fluctuations as metal prices change.
It's limited (the Chinese stock has tripled before 18-20 years, and the ton of Maori has not been enhanced by the size of the stock). And comparing the Chinese friend cobalt industry with the Chinese to the Chinese share, it can also be seen that in 20 years, the Chinese stock market is twice as big as the Chinese to make it, and that China should have a stronger size than the Chinese to make it, because some of its raw material is its own.
For this reason, the core of the forward drive-down gain is the extension of integration to the end of the raw material. The core of the integration drop-down is to earn upstream profits + to simplify the process.
The process of disassembly reveals that: 1) the essence of the upward extension is that there is an extra upstream profit, and profits can be further split into resource-end profits (from ore to nickel-cobalt intermediates) and smelting-end profits (from nickel-cobalt intermediates to sulphuric acids). 2)
The layout also has the cost advantage of simplifying the process. Sulphur outgrowers usually crystallize it and package it and sell it in solid form, then transport it to the ex-mobilizer. The latter then dissolves it for productive use.
All three locations in Guangxi have sulfate and pre-discharge layouts, and sulfate solutions can be transported directly through pipelines to the former ex-discharge production workshop, with the cost of intermediate crystallization-packaging-transporting-dissolved, with process simplification providing an additional positive advantage (Chart 6 yellow part).
The profits on the end of the resource are more cyclical, and the smelting end is more stable. The profits on the end of the resource are more cyclical, given that the price of the intermediate nickel is discounted mainly by the price of the metal, the price of the metal is highly volatile and the cost of its production is relatively fixed. The smelting end of the raw material nickel is more cyclical.
Cobalt intermediates and nickel-cobalt sulphate products are priced by reference to metal prices, and enterprises earn only a certain amount of processing profits, and their profits fluctuate with metal prices, but at a relatively small level. Integration has a cost advantage of more than 10,000 yuan in pre-ton drive without consideration of upstream resources.
Instability of source profits and conservative considerations, only the cost advantages of the smelting end are measured here. According to the calculations (see figure 7 for core assumptions), the cost advantages of nickel sulphate and polymetallic sulphate processing are $1441/106 49/1252/9766/t, respectively. Upward integration can be achieved.
The profit from the sulfate process brings with it a cost advantage of about 10,000 yuan/tonne of pre-drive, taking into account that process streamlining brings with it a cost advantage of about 2000~4000/tonne of pre-drive, and without taking into account the profit margin at the end of the resource. Integration brings with it a cost advantage of about 15,000 yuan/tonne of pre-drive.
The sales average price was $63,000 per ton, with a cost advantage of 24 per cent of the average. - Another cost advantage is the integration of the contribution of the Indonesian wet nickel project.
The use of the three elements of nickel cobalt-manganese has changed significantly with the upgrading of the pre-divide species. With the trend of high nickelization of the three-dollar battery, the consumption of nickel by the pre-delete from nc 111 tons. At current sulphate costs, nickel sulphate costs represent 24% of raw materials from ncm 111.
Up to 70% of the ncm811. So, when the former drive-out production business achieved the lower end of the resource through integration, the upstream nickel resource in the layout became the more critical link. Figure 8: The use of metals in the different pre-module drivers has changed considerably.
Figure 9: Nickel sulfate accounts for 70 per cent of the cost of ncm811. Nickel sulfate can be dissolved by acid-based nickel, such as high-ice nickel, mhp/msp, nickel pea/nickel powder, or nickel waste, and the global distribution of nickel in recent years has been concentrated mainly in red-earth nickel.
The combustion process is based on the production of nickel by the mainstream nickel mine, Rkef, which produces high-ice nickel in a conversion process.
Technical maturity and recovery rates are high, but the disadvantages are high in the taste of ore, non-recoverability of cobalt resources, and high energy consumption. Wet process barriers are high, and only a few enterprises can produce.
The nickel-cobalt element in the nickel mine is dissolved mainly by reductive roasting, sulphate leaching, and hpal. The hpal method is the main streaming process used in recent years by new global hydrometallurgical smelters.
The advantage of low energy consumption is the most advanced process in the global treatment of low- and medium-grade nickel in the red. But its production processes are complex and require high temperatures, strong sulphuric acids, high pressure, very high technical and operational requirements and low error tolerance.
Highness and equipment damage have led to fewer Hpal projects operating successfully around the world. 2.2 Happiness's nickel layout — the fire-wet approach parallels, the wet system has been overprofited.  Happiness's cobalt industry has been working on the upstream nickel resource project in Indonesia since 18, and the company has planned three in Indonesia.
Nickel Smelting Project: 1) Wagiya+Hpal Wet Project: 60 000 tonnes of Wagashi Project was put into production in late 21 years and is expected to reach production in the first half of the 22nd year. 120,000 tonnes of Hua Fei Project are currently under construction, which can replicate China’s successful experience and is expected to start production in the first half of the 23rd year. 2) Wakorkef Fire Project:
Four hundred and fifty thousand tons are still under construction and are expected to be operational in the first half of the year. By the end of the year 23, the company is expected to be able to achieve 225,000 tons of controlled capacity in the upstream nickel sector, with an equity capacity of 12,69 million tons of gold combined, and the company is also laying out fire and wet production lines.
In the event that it is mainly through the fire process, we believe that the Huaco Fire Project helps companies to earn regular profits from the nickel end of the resource. And the cost of preparing nickel intermediates for the China+Hawa Wet project is significantly better than that of the mainstream fire process, contributing to the company’s excess profits from the nickel end and creating an additional cost advantage of integration.
The market is generally concerned about the level of costs of the  Wagashi project, which was put into production at the end of the year. However, due to the relatively small number of cases where the hpal project is currently running successfully, and the fact that other projects were launched earlier, with different locations and lack of greater comparability, there has been no good reference for the cost of the Huagami project.
Ningboll submitted a listing application to Hong Kong, providing a better reference for the cost of the Chinese project. The cost is more comparable with the Chinese project.
We believe that the hard work project is comparable to the Chinese project and can provide better guidance on its costs. The 65% + depreciation + 17% + labour + 9% of raw materials constitute the main operating costs, based on the composition of the wet method items cost disclosed by hard labour.
The contrast effort project and the Huaiyan project found that: 1) both collaborated with Nfi in the design and planning of the project production line in China, which is expected to be more consistent with the technology route. 2) Both sites are located in Indonesia and are expected to be more consistent with the local procurement of the red-earth nickel mine, raw materials and labour costs. 3) Total investment costs for both tons of nickel are expected to be more consistent.
The cost of depreciation of fixed assets is less variable. The cost of preparing nickel intermediates for the hype hpal wet project is approximately US$ 0.5 million/tonne of nickel, and there is still room for further downs. Based on sharebook information disclosed by the manual, we prepare for its nickel intermediate (mhp)
Cost is measured. Because of the impact of the by-product cobalt price fluctuations on nickel cost offsets, we have conservatively calculated the cost of cobalt at a lower price level in recent years for 20 years. According to our measurements, the cost of mhp preparation in 21 years of operation of the project is approximately $0.51 million/tonne nickel (considering by-product cobalt offsets).
Given that its project designed two production lines together, the first in May, the first in July, the second in October, the expected completion of production in December, and part of the company ' s capacity to climb the slope, there is scope for further downswing in the estimated costs of fully reaching the post-partum stage.
The cost of preparing nickel intermediates for the pyrotechnic process is about $110,000/tnitro-nitro. The rkef process, because of its routed annual operating data, calculates the cost of producing nickel for the rkef at about $10,000/tonne nickel.
The cost of preparation is $110,000/t of nickel. The wet route has a cost advantage of 120,000 ton of pre-drivers. Given the high initial investment value and the high technical barriers available in the hpal wet process, the future supply of nickel intermediates is expected to be the main route.
It's still about fire. The wet-hpal process produces nickel intermediates (not considering the difference between mhp and high-ice nickel intermediates in processing fees for subsequent nickel production of sulphuric acid) with a cost advantage of about $6000 per ton of nickel, corresponding to the cost of ncm811/522/523/333
Figure 15: The wet process has a pyrotechnic intermediate of US$ 5880/ton nickel cost advantage The company earns profits from the nickel smelting end through integration (which has been measured in Part I) + profits from conventional nickel resources (as previously noted, the resource end profit is not quantified due to its high cyclicality).
The cost advantages of the wet process have also resulted in overprofits of around 1 to 20 million ton of pre-drivers, which have taken a step forward in establishing pre-drive cost advantages.
3.1 The pre-drive + positive material capacity expansion parallels the increased certainty of production and sales + financial power + cost advantage to promote a higher rate of pre-drivers in front of leading firms. The pre-diversion investment requires a stronger financial power.
For example, projects (50,000 tons of pro-poor construction plus 50,000 tons of pro-bond construction), with a ton of investment of 3.1/290 million yuan each, are demanding higher levels of corporate capital. And, as pre-driving products continue to evolve, firms need to invest continuously in new product R & D and production, leading firms can connect.
Overstretched financing channels and financial power rapidly expands capacity, leading by certification into downstream supply chains, and through integration to achieve low costs to sustain competitive advantage. The concentration of front-loaded firms in front-loaded markets is expected to increase continuously.
Figure 17: In recent years, there has been a steady increase in the concentration of the country's pre-driver market, and China's friends continue to increase their presence in both the front-driving and downstream positive materials fields by increasing their capacity, and by continuing their integration, through the cost advantages of upward integration and locking them down.
By the end of the 23rd year, the equity could reach 270,000 tons. Since 13 years of pre-dismantling, the company has continued to expand rapidly in recent years through self-constructed + joint ventures.
Yes. Prior to control at the end of the 21st year: 55,000 tons of self-constructed capacity + 45,000 tons of assets + 64,000 tons of capacity and corresponding equity capacity. With the full-sourced state of New Energy 50 + 50,000 tons, Guangxi 100,000 tons, and the joint venture of two 25,000 tons in Huapo, it is expected to be public by the end of 2023.
The Division was able to achieve 325,000 tonnes of former drive-control capacity and 270,000 tonnes of equity capacity.  Joint venture + acquisition + self-building + deepening the positive material layout, with a 3-dollar positive equity capacity of 104,000 tonnes in 23 years. 1) Joint venture: 18 years of joint venture with Pug and lig to build pre-construction drivers and positive material products.
Yes, at present, two joint ventures, Puhua + Lei-Yung Yu, have produced 450,000 tons of production capacity, matching the joint venture ' s 45,000 tonnes of ex-removable capacity, and Poo-hwa ' s 24 million positive/demote capacity matching the 25,000 tonnes of pre-removement capacity, are under construction. 2) Acquisitions: 21 years of company control over BAM technology.
At the time of the acquisition, Bamo had 135,000 tons of lithium cobalt-acid plus 43,000 tons of positive and end energy, and 50,000 tons of high nickel could be built. 3) Self-building: 22q1 issued a transfer fund to build 50,000 tons of high nickel projects in Guangxi Bamo, which will achieve positive and end-of-life capacity in the future.
The company acquired 38.62% of the BAM shares in 21 years and acquired 26.40% of the BAM shares held by the parent company's friend and friend of China's shares, corresponding to the voting rights, with the company controlling 65.02% of BAM's voting rights together and co-existing with BAM in August.
In 21 years, BAM reached 12%, the second highest in the country. And with better customer resources, it has established long-term cooperative and stable relationships with major domestic and international battery companies such as lg, Biadei, catl, Crown, Mobil, atl, 100 million latitudes, Power God, etc., and can rely on the company ' s own pre-construction drive products.
Tobamo cuts down into a high-quality customer's industrial chain.                                                           :
100% shareholding of the ancient sacrosanct and 100,000 tonnes of lithium phosphate material produced in the master plan of the intra-Mongolian sacrosanct, built in four stages, with a total of 40,000 tons in one or two, 3 tons in three expected to be produced in 22 years, and 4 tons in construction. 2) Joint venture: November 21 between the company and the Heating Group signed a framework agreement.
It is proposed to invest in the integrated industry of phosphorus extraction, phosphorus phosphorus, phosphate, iron phosphate and lithium phosphate materials, in collaboration with Yichang, North Lake, to build 500,000 tons of iron phosphate per year, 500,000 tons of lithium phosphate per year and related packages.
Establishment of a 300,000-ton/year iron phosphate project, with 100,000-ton/year. The company ' s layout in the tri-dollar area is well developed, with continuous refinement of the lithium positive-polar material map through the integration of the phosphate lithium. 3.2 Cobalt lithium nickel resource plate contributes upward elasticity.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo has its own copper-cobalt mines, which are less costly and relatively fixed. 2) Procurement from local Congolese mining companies, brokers and its own procurement points, which are higher than the cost of its own mines and fluctuates with the price of cobalt copper. 3) Procurement from international mining companies or large traders, with the highest cost
The price of cobalt copper is the most relevant. During periods of fluctuations in the price of cobalt copper, the cost of mining part of the company ' s own mine is the relative fixed + inventory value fluctuations that allow the company ' s performance to further magnify the volatility of metal prices, showing a steady increase in the company ' s production of copper and cobalt products in recent years as capacity increases.
The typical cyclical fluctuations are the main cause of the large variation in the gross profits of the company over the years; the overall upward trend in the Maori rate of copper products is mainly related to the increase in the self-sufficiency of mine-owned minerals and the optimization of the product structure, and as the marginal effects of these two factors on the copper-rich ratio have diminished,
Māori rates for future copper products will also fluctuate cyclically with copper prices. Figure 21: The company’s production of copper and cobalt products has continued to increase in recent years (tonnes), and HWAY International has acquired full shares in the prospective lithium mine.
Tens of thousands of lithium quartz concentrates, 94,000 tons of technical-grade lithium glycerine concentrates, 24,000 tons of chemical-grade lithium glyphosite concentrates and 0.3 tons of tantalum concentrate are expected to be operational in 23 years. Meanwhile, HWAI has been a member of Australia’s listed company avz in 17 years, with a current share of 7.45% of avz and ownership of the Congo.
As the company moves forward with its integrated layout, we need to rediscover the company's traditional copper and cobalt industry, which, because of its cyclical properties, clearly causes higher volatility in corporate profits.
The material product continues to be released, and it is expected that the profits of the lithium plate and its share will continue to rise, effectively smoothing the fluctuations in profits resulting from changes in the price of metals such as copper, cobalt and nickel (the sensitivity of the metal price is used to validate this view in the fourth profit forecast).
The profit growth from the discharge of electrical materials compensates for the loss of profit on the end of the resource; the company’s performance is sufficiently resilient during the week-long period of metal prices. Companies will have both cycle + growth attributes.
Nickel: The 21-year average tax on electrolysis nickel is $140.0 million per tonne. The 22q1 nickel stock maintains low + supply price levels. The price of electrolytic nickel continues to be innovatively high, with a January-February average of 171,000 tons. Consider Indonesia ' s higher nickel production capacity released by 22 years, and supply and demand patterns are expected to reverse nickel prices slowly.
Cobalt: The 21-year average of 24.3 United States dollars/pounds of cobalt and the lack of capacity of 22 q1 has led to supply constraints. Cobalt prices are high and run at a January-February average of $34.6/pound. Given the current low stock-keeping in the industrial chain and the continuing disruption of supply due to the global epidemic, the cobalt industry is expected to operate in 22 years.
Maintenance of a tight balance pattern. Cobalt prices are expected to fall in 23 years as logistics in South Africa eased. Copper: 21 years averaged $9319 per tonne of lme copper.
The annual copper price is $9500/9,000/tonne, respectively, +2/-5 per cent of the same ratio.  (Cobalt is measured in tons of metal and former drivers and positive materials in tons) Cobalt: the company currently has 21,400 tons of coarse cobalt production, 39,000 tons of cobalt salt production and major external sales
Cobalt salt. Corporate cobalt salt production has been stable in recent years and is expected to continue to grow in the future.
The company ' s nickel sulphate product is used entirely for self-supply and is not exported. Thus, the gross profits from the manufacture of 60,000 tons + 45,000 tons + 120,000 tons of nickel intermediates are recorded in China, Indonesia, and are expected to produce 8.0-165,000 tons of nickel intermediates in 22/23, respectively, for sale to zero.
Pre-occupation: The production and marketing of the company’s ex-property was constrained by the production capacity, which drove it 22-23 years ago during the harvest period. It is expected that 50 + 50,000 tons of the new energy state will start production in 22 years, in Guangxi Bamo 100,000 in 23 years, and in Huapo 2 tons in 23 years.
Between 21 and 23 years ago, there were 7.8/12.5.215,000 tons of excavated products respectively. Positive material: 21 years ago the company did not produce positive materials. 565 million tons of positive materials were purchased in 21 years, and an additional 50,000 tons in three phases are expected to be produced in 22 years.
▪ Cost and Māori: 1) Cost of raw materials for copper, cobalt and nickel is calculated on the basis of metal price discounts, assuming that the cost of smelting remains relatively fixed. 2) The cost of pre-discharged raw materials varies with the price of metals, and since companies supply some of their own raw materials, it is not possible to calculate accurately the historical level of processing of pre-discharges.
The difference is smaller, with reference to the Chinese ton of Maori for extra-purchase raw materials. In mid-18-20, the sum of M ton pre-discharged was $116.115.03 million per ton, which is stable overall. 21 years of pre-feed drive production is expected to be slightly higher than  metal price sensitivity: the company ' s profits and metal prices are high in the layout of the upstream resource plate for copper and cobalt nickel.
We measure the sensitivity of the net return profits of the company to the price of cobalt nickel (for the time being, copper is more volatile because of cobalt and nickel prices than copper). Under pessimistic assumptions that the average price of mb cobalt is 26 yuan/pound and the average price of electrolytic nickel is 110,000 yuan/ton, the 22-year net return of the company will still be positive.
In the case of mb cobalt at $34/lb and electrolytic nickel at $1.9 million/t, the net profit on the company’s return will increase by more than 70%. The logic of flattening the company’s profit cycle, with metal prices contributing upwards, has been demonstrated.
Rainpe is 22 times lower than the average 30-fold valuation of a comparable pre-drivers and positive material manufacturer, combined with a market value of $164.7 billion, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Downstream new energy demand is less than expected.
The resulting sales are dependent on a sustained and rapid increase in the production of new downstream energy vehicles, which, if demand falls short of expectations, will have an impact on the performance of the company’s lithium plate. The risk of a fall in the price of copper-cobalt nickel.
The company’s business is highly internationalized, its subsidiaries’ purchases of raw materials abroad and some of its exports are mainly in United States dollars, and if the dollar fluctuates sharply against the renminbi’s prices, the company will perform.
Due to the successful completion of projects, companies face less than expected risks in terms of sales and performance if projects are not as fast as expected due to the political environment, epidemics, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment