The best report card in history, the strength of integration, \triangleright, 24/04/2022.
Copper, Cobalt, Pre-Drived Products, Inc., has made the best performance in history. (1) Volume: copper sales \triangleright, 9.34 million tons of metal, an increase of 19 per cent compared to the previous year; cobalt sales, 251,000 tons of metal, an increase of 11 per cent compared to the previous year
+ Joint venture ex-vessel capacity accelerated uphill with 591,000 tons in kind before 2021, corresponding to the increase in the same amount \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright with the full layout of lithium cobalt and copper resources and the extension of the two-technology route “triple plus lithium” \triangleright
Material leads, with clear future growth paths under high-performance, low-cost advantages, and a comprehensive technical route. 1. China's Friends Cobalt Industry (603799.sh) incident review: high-performance with the general public, 1.
The nickel metal wet-smelting project reached production early in March 2022, and the Waco nickel industry in April.
The first phase of the Fire and Hua Fei project has started, and the company's future capacity growth is more certain; 2) the resource layout is complete, the lithium-emitting power material is well-developed, and the cost advantages of the integrated layout are becoming more evident: the company's copper and cobalt plate is already in size, along with the Indonesian nickel project,
The Chinese-American Cobalt Industry (603799) announces that there has been a significant increase in performance.
4. The Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799) announces that copper + pre-drilling companies will build deep moats at cost; 3) tied to downstream depths, future sales will be secured, and q4 profits will continue to increase significantly.
Impairment: Company joint venture with lig, posco, etc., and successively with Yon-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu (603799) announcement: A strategic agreement was reached between copper+pre-drive customers to lock in 6415-92.65 million pre-discharges for 2022-2025.
Continue to expand, improve performance, and be sure of future growth. 4) Technology routes are well laid, and there is no fear of future technological change: the company works together to build 500,000 tons of capacity, buys 10,000 tons of production capacity and 75,000 tons of phosphorus.
Acid lithium is in the process of producing capacity, and the technology route for downstream batteries has been refined to further enhance future growth. The investment proposal is that the company’s upstream resource layout is perfect, that the downstream expansion of lithium materials is likely to be rapidly released, and that it is tied to the depth of international resources and car giants, with a high degree of certainty of growth and a deep moat.
One incident: the company published its 2021 annual report. In 2021, the company achieved a revenue of $35.317 billion, an increase of 66.69 per cent in the same year; the parent ' s net profit of $3.898 billion, an increase of 234.59 per cent in the same year; and the non-mother ' s net profit of $3.853 billion.
Accumulation increases equity by 3 shares per 10 shares for all shareholders.2 Analysis: the climate increases and the growth of the exponentially uplifted companies.
Dollars, the core point of gain is mainly at the Maori end (+3868 million, mainly benefiting from copper and tri-products and higher copper and cobalt prices throughout the year), and other/investment earnings (+551 million, mainly for joint venture costs, R & D costs and sales costs of tri-materials), and at the corporate income tax end (452 million, mainly for the current period).
The same-year profit points are mainly Māori ends (+1,544 million), out-of-business profits (+11 million) A single-quarter round comparison: 628 million yuan more than the parent net profit ring ratio of 2,021q4. Million dollars more than the performance ring, and extra-business profits (+16 million).
2.2 Māori disassembly: volume increases and cost increases 1) Overall, the company achieved Māori $7.185 billion a year, an increase of $3.868 billion a year, combined gross, in terms of volume of production and sales: there was a significant increase in the company ' s pre-triple drive in 2021. 1) The company produced copper in 2021.
10.29 million tons of metal products, 4 per cent more than the same year; 9.34 million tons of metal sold, 19 per cent more than the same year; cash in stocks, steady growth in copper block sales; 2) small decrease in the volume of cobalt-based commissioning industry, acceleration of the pre-removable capacity of cobalt self-supply plus joint ventures, with a total of 64.5 million tons in real terms in 2021.
88%; sales of 59.1 million tons in kind, an increase of 77% in the same year; prices: the average sales price for corporate cobalt products in 2021 rose by 49.5% from RMB 224.5 million per ton in 2020 to RMB 38.4 million per ton per year.
The average cost of sales of nickel products was $134,000 per ton, an increase of 133.27 per cent from the business cost of $10.09 million in 2020 and a decrease of 48.41 per cent in the business cost of nickel products. According to our estimates, the pre-tax cost of cobalt products in 2021 was $229.3 million per ton, compared to 177.2 million in 2020.
This represents an increase of 29.36 per cent in the same year; the pre-tax cost for copper products was $29.2 million, or 31.07 per cent, compared to the 2020 rate of $21.2 million per tonne in 2020. The increase in the cost of raw materials and fuel resulted in the pre-tax cost for each product unit was estimated at $105.5 million in 2021, or 47.2 million in 2020.
The guidelines are relevant; management costs have increased by 514 million yuan, mainly in terms of salaries and incentives for employees, fees for services, etc.; financial costs have increased by 82 million yuan; and research and development costs have increased by 445 million yuan, mainly in terms of increased research and development inputs, and employment salaries, materials, etc.
With high R & D input, the company ' s positive material products are well under way, with super-high nickel products successfully delivered to clients. (1) High nickel products: companies develop and produce a large amount of 8 series, 9 series of pre-drivers, and store a large number of new high nickels, ncma pre-drives; 8 systems of high nickel positives continue to expand their production, and the development of a large amount of nickel high voltage crystals in their reserves continues to expand.
Positive material, 9 being ultra-high nickel positive material, pioneered the achievement of 9 high-grade, super-high nickel ncma dry-ton levels capable of delivering tri-mode material and delivering it to world-renowned battery customers; (2) cobalt-acid lithium products: mastering and developing fourth-generation high voltage tetra-cobalt blending technology, producing 4.48v high voltage tetra-cobalt products, consolidating high-end customer markets, stocking
Production of 4.5v and 4.5v+ products to achieve a technological lead for high voltage cobalt products. Lithium with 4.48v high voltage cobalt acid and increasing market share, and lithium 4.5v has completed dozens of tons of customer certification, leading to an increase in the inventory level of lithium cobaltate products at 2.4 companies to prepare for up-to-date risks for raw materials
Depending on the company's future operations, the company is well-prepared to counter the risk of subsequent upscaling of raw material costs. Starting with 2018q4, the company's inventory volume has been declining on a seasonal basis into a “downswing” phase, mainly due to both falling prices and declining stock size.
(c) In 2019, cobalt prices fell first, and stocks of raw materials dropped significantly; and in 2020, cobalt prices remained volatile, although the trend remained high.
As a result of public health events affecting the import of some raw materials, stocks of raw materials have been largely absorbed by 2020h1, stock movements have been levelled off and maintained at a stable level, and the decline in stocks has been mainly due to the decline in the value of raw materials from companies, resulting in a significant improvement in net cash flows for corporate operations; and in 2021, Bamo was included in the merger and
The company’s stock level has been increasing to counter the risk of uplifting raw materials. The price of metals rose sharply in 2021, the company’s raw materials were kept under pressure, while the company’s inventory has increased to facilitate the risk of further price hikes in future raw materials.
In 2021, corporate operating cash flows fell to 19 per cent, mainly as a result of the growth in the size of the company and the purchase of large quantities of raw materials at the end of the year, as well as an increase in the end-of-year receipts resulting in cash outflows, excluding the impact of this component, the net operating cash flows of the company amounted to $1,258 million and the adjusted net operating cash flows amounted to an increase in revenue.
1.8 pct to 10.0 per cent Contract performance costs 2.5 extended industrial chain with high returns on long-term equity investments
The company ' s share participation in upstream nickel resources and park services, joint ventures with lg and posco are mainly in the form of equity participation, shown in the company ' s long-term equity return, contributing significant investment returns to the company, and is expected to continue to grow as nickel prices rise, pre-drivers and positive end capacity release. (1) The company ' s main owner is the park service participation company.
iwip, with a 24 per cent shareholding, is located on the island of Hamahila, North Maluku, Indonesia, with an investment return of $6.178 million recognized under the 2021 equity law; (2) the main owner of the energy supply participation company is Viston, with a 24 per cent shareholding, with an investment gain of $61.36 million recognized under the 2021 equity law; and (3) the Red Earth nickel resource participation company is
By holding 30% of the new technology and 15.39% of the interest in penetrating the holding project, the project has 9.3 million tons of metal nickel + 42,000 tons of nickel and iron production capacity, and an investment gain of $310 million has been recognized under the 2021 equity law. (4) Lithium electric material participation companies are mainly Phuhua Corporation and Friends Company, with a share in the 2021 equity law.
Don't recognize investment revenues of $8.76 million and $165 million.3 The integrated industrial chain builds deep moat rivers, and the cobalt industry becomes the leader of lithium electric materials
The company owns the most complete integrated industrial chain layout of the lithium positive materials industry, from minerals to smelting ends, from pre-drive to solid materials, combined with resource recycling plates, where efficient collaboration up and down is the company’s core advantage. The lithium electric materials industry presents “resource development abroad, R & D manufacturing in China, and market customers in China.”
As a typical feature of the global phenomenon, technological innovation and cost advantages are key competitive elements in the industry, in recent years companies have continued to extend from the head of the cobalt industry to the integrated industrial chain, completing the spatial layout of their headquarters in the village of Kiryu, the safeguarding of resources outside the country, the manufacturing base in China and the market around the globe, resulting in resource development, colour refining, and the creation of new ones.
The industrial chain of high-, medium- and downstream integration in energy material development has been shaped from cobalt-cobalt resource development, green smelting, three-dollar drivers and positive materials to the new energy lithium electricity industry for resource recycling. The company is expected to complete the cycle-to-growth transformation, reducing the volatility of the profit cycle, which is larger than that of similar enterprises.
The company has become the only full-blown upstream resource, such as lithium cobalt and copper, and the tap of integrated lithium electric material extending the two-way "triple plus lithium" technology. The splits show that the company has now formed a copper and cobalt resource plate, a nickel and cobalt plate, a lithium resource plate, a three-dimensional frontal drive plate, a three-bit straight pole plate and a phosphate lithium plate, with copper in it.
Cobalt plate and triad drive, orthodontic plate are already in size. Copper and cobalt plate: deep plowing Congolese gold to ensure a stable supply of copper and cobalt resources. Resource plate is mainly engaged in the extraction, selection and initial processing of non-ferrous metals such as cobalt, nickel and copper.
Operations, after years of tireless efforts, have led to the establishment of a mining, mineral extraction and cobalt copper smelting system in the main mineral areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which effectively secures the supply of raw materials in the country’s manufacturing base. The company’s cobalt operations are concentrated in the African Congo’s subsidiary, cdm, mikas.
DG, whose main product is hydroxide and copper, the African resource plate has now developed into a business model complemented by mine ownership and mining company procurement in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which owns 2.140,000 tons of hydroxide production capacity in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, 66,000 tons in cdm and 30,000 tons in mikas.
The power of copper production, combined with domestic copper smelting capacity, has created an annual capacity of about 110,000 tons of copper and 39,000 tons of cobalt, and the copper and cobalt “cash cow” business has provided a moat for the expansion of the capacity of the company. Cobalt nickel plates: the capture of the integrated layout of the company’s industrial chain and the construction of core corporate barriers to the company’s nickel and cobalt project in Indonesia.
Launched in 2018, the company Indonesia ' s development of nickel resources in the red earth has evolved from upstream resources, park services to smelting. The main projects include: park services (Lat Dabel Industrial Park), energy supply (Visestone), nickel resources in the red earth (Long Da Bay nickel industry), nickel smelting in the wet method (Tahren, 60,000 tons, Hua Fei, 120,000).
Tons), fire smelting, etc. Park services, energy supply, and nickel resources of red earth are mainly equity projects, and are shown as long-term equity investment returns of companies, contributing significant investment returns to companies. (1) Park Service participation is dominated by iwip.
The Department, with a 24 per cent shareholding, is located on the island of Hamahela, North Maluku Province, Indonesia, with an investment of $61.36 million recognized under the Annual Equity Act of 2021; and (3) the Redscopic Nickel Resource Participation Company, which has 30 per cent of new technology, 15.39 per cent interest in penetrating the holding project and 9.3 million metals in the project.
The company ' s nickel project is progressing well and will make a significant net profit to the company. (1) The district of Indonesia ' s submersible submersible submersible submersible test product, which, as of the end of March 2022, had full capacity for production of the four-series core devices, is expected to reach production by the end of June of this year; (2) the Waco Fire Project is progressing well, as of this year, in 2022.
At the end of March, part of the sub-project was started with a pilot project and the full process is expected to be completed in the second half of the year; (3) the Chinese Hue Wet project is fully operational and is expected to be ready in the first half of 2023. (4) The state-wide project for raising funds produced 30,000 tons of battery-grade high-sulphate nickel per year was deactivated in March 2022
At this time, under high nickel prices, the rapid commissioning of the company’s nickel project is expected to release profits. Medium-smelling: yielding efficiency gains. The company now has a full range of new energy sources, such as cobalt, nickel, lithium, etc.
Core material smelting capacity, mainly in deep processing of cobalt, nickel, copper, lithium, etc., concentrated in the company ' s factory in Huayuan and Kiyosu, with the main products being cobalt salt, including cobalt oxides and cobalt sulphate, copper production of 10,000 tons of battery-grade nickel, and the construction of an additional 80,000 tons of battery-grade nickel production capacity for sulphuric acid (in the state sector).
The project to produce 30,000 tons of battery-grade high-purity sulphuric acid was in its commissioning phase in March 2022, and the project to build 50,000 tons of high-nose-powered nickel sulfate per year has advanced rapidly and is expected to deliver test material during the first half of this year.
Supplying crude intermediate products or minerals. Coloured business plates play an important role in the integrated industrial structure, consolidating the company’s global market share of cobalt salt products while also providing raw materials for new energy panels downstream, guaranteeing a stable and low-cost supply of raw materials for new energy materials such as pre-drivers and positive materials.
The company is actively developing a lithium battery recycling operation. The company's subsidiary, Hua Yuzhou, and the resources regenerative, are included in the first and second batch of the company's list of companies that meet the requirements of the New Energy Automobile Integrated Use Industry.
Battery reclamation, a strategic model of cooperation in waste-for-material exchange with a number of well-known battery companies, has entered into a partnership with a number of national and international whole-of-the-board companies for recycling of decommissioned batteries. As business opens up, companies are creating new sources of energy from cobalt nickel, lithium development, green smelting, pre-drive and solid materials to resource recycling and recycling.
The rapid growth of the global demand for new energy terminals, both downstream and positive benefits, is at the heart of the company’s shift from cycle to growth. (1) Productivity: the company is keen to capture industry trends, increases the layout of high nickel product models, increases in pre-K$3 production capacity from 55,000 tons in 2019 to 100,000 tons, and triple positive material production capacity from 0.5 million tons in 2019.
Ten thousand tons increased to more than 110,000 tons (including BAM) and the proposed acquisition of titanium phosphate in Mongolia, which is 15,000 tons of lithium phosphate production and 60,000 tons of capacity in construction. (2) Clients: part of the company ' s pre-triple drive product, which is used through the posco-lgc battery industry chain, for the popular meb platform, the Renault Nitrogen Coalition, Volvo,
The company signed a long-term supply contract for a total of about 90,000 tons with bosco and its affiliates, and a number of long-term strategic collaboration agreements with Yon-chul, Kwang-chung, Moose-Technology. The company’s high nickel material supplied lig new energy sources and catl to the world.
A well-known branded car industry chain. The multiple high nickel super-high nickels, the series of positive and very new products of the single crystal high voltage of middle nickel have entered into the chain of important customers like lig new energy sources, catl, ve, moulen energy, and the automobile industry. 4 “Five years of the ten-year mission, fast-tracking high-implemented extension projects.
We believe that the company's core competitiveness lies mainly in strong moats under high executive and integrated management. (1) The company's slogan is “five years of ten-year mission”, in efficient management and high executive power.
The company’s culture and spirit are the soul of the company. (2) The company has become the only fully deployed upstream resource, such as lithium cobalt-copper, an integrated lithium electric material company that expands the "triple plus lithium" two-way technology, coupled with the company’s depth with downstream capacity and rapid expansion.
The high-implementing extension project is moving fast and the future growth path is clear. (1) In the short term, the company ' s pre-construction projects are focused on nickel and cobalt plates, lithium plates, downstream front drivers and solid plate blocks, and it is expected that the cars (China) and the Qingshan Holdings Group will work together in a strategic manner on the direct and downstream chain of the power cell material industry.
The company has also signed investment agreements with companies such as lig new energy sources, lig chemistry, and Poe’s holdings to build the battery industry value chain, with clear long-term growth paths.
Core competitiveness one: “Five years of the ten-year mission”, continued to exceed expectations of the company’s expansion under efficient management and high executive capacity. Sub-operational panels showed that the company was well on its way to the construction of the project and would be able to release it in the future: Cobalt Cobalt plate: Indonesia’s nickel project was well on its way, China’s Wet Method Nickel project, the Waco Fire High Ice Nickel project advanced.
(a) Construction began in the first half of 2021 and was expected to reach production by the end of 2022, with a 32# electric stove officially set on fire in April 2022, according to the company ' s announcement; and (b) the 60,000-ton nickel metal sub-humid smelting project in Indonesia was launched in early 2020
Construction began, and the four-series core set of high-pressure acid leachate was fully loaded by the end of March 2022.
It is expected that the 120,000-ton nickel wetting project will be ready for release in the first half of 2023, earlier than originally planned, and that the nickel cobalt plate: a synchronized pilot production of the mid-swap nickel smelting package, which is expected to be rapidly released. The company currently has a package for the Indonesia-swap nickel project, mainly the 30,000-ton (metal) battery-grade nickel project.
And the state-of-the-art (metal) high nickel-powered battery-grade nickel sulphate project, which was put into production in April 2022, will be complemented by the Indonesian nickel project, which will provide strong support for the high volume of nickel and cobalt in downstream trio material, and enable fast-disbursing companies.
Figure 31: 30,000 tonnes of nickel sulphate produced in April 6, 2022 in the state of Hua Fate. Figure 32: 50,000 tonnes of nickel sulphate produced in the state of Hua Fy in April 2022.
Lithium plate: The acquisition of 100% of the rights of the arcadia lithium mine, and the completion of the puzzle of the layout of the lithium resource, which is expected to be rapidly released. The company currently has two main features in the layout of the lithium resource plate: the ownership of the arcadia mine with 100% of the ownership of the Democratic Republic of the Congo manono project, the acquisition of a 100% share of the company for the future lithium mine in Zimbabwe, we believe.
As of October 2021, Arcadia project jorc (2012) standards were published by Foresight, amounting to 72.7 million tons, lithium oxide grade 1.06 per cent, and tantalum pentaoxide grade 121 ppm.
Tons. Of this amount, 42.3 million tons of lithium oxide grade (1.19 per cent of tantalum pentaoxide grade 121 ppm), 504,000 tons of lithium oxide metal (1.24 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent) and tons of tantalum oxide metal optimization feasibility study, 2 years of project construction, 18 years of production, open-air mining
Tons of lithium quartz concentrate, 94,000 tons of technical-grade lithium glycerine concentrate, 24,000 tons of chemical-grade lithium glyphosate, and 0.3 tons of tantalum concentrate.
We believe that this project, based on the firm’s high performance and the forward mid-term test production line, is expected to reach production rapidly and, at a high lithium price, will help the company to grow rapidly.
Downstream triad drive and positive materials: construction projects are progressing steadily and future levels of sustainable growth are likely to grow: The company ' s pre-generation lithium power materials project is dominated by joint ventures, of which four are jointly run with lg, Pochi and Pojima: and lig chemistry (Hwakin, 51%/lg49%, 40,000 tonnes) and posco
In this case, Phuhua, a friend of music, entered into a stable production phase; Joaquin and Huai Pu actively promoted the certification of mass production and the gradual release of project capacity; and Pu Xuan jointly financed phase II.
The project is also officially under construction. The later company ' s lithium electric materials project is dominated by full- or held shares, (1) of which in June 2021 the company purchased 38.6175 per cent of BAM ' s shares in BAM by paying cash and BAM agreed to hold BAM ' s shares.
The right to vote, etc., of the representatives of the S & T 26.4047% shareholdings was entrusted to listed companies to exercise the company ' s formal control over the BAM technology of the Lithium Electric Dragon Company in the country, to establish a full-scale integration of the material of the BAM in the Chengdu district in three phases of the 50,000-1 phase, and to complete the completion of the construction of the building and the construction of the plant in phase 2 with a promise of rapid growth. (2) Public 2021
The Department's proposed project to raise funds for the construction of a 450,000-year high-ice nickel project for the nickel industry in Huaco, Indonesia, a 50,000-year high-nose-triple-premium drive material project for the state, and a construction project for the Chinese-friends headquarters, in which the 50,000-ton high nickel-premium drive material project was partially tested in January of this year. (3) March 2022
Completion of the release of $7.6 billion in public distribution of convertable bonds for the construction of 50,000 tons of high nickel positive poles per year in Guangxi, 100,000 tons of materials for the integration of trinity drivers, 50,000 tons of high-performance trinity drivers per year in the state, of which 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells are produced annually in Guangxi, and 100,000 tons of pre-removement material
By the end of 2021, ton/year, the company will have planned a fully-funded three-dollar pre-removable capacity in the future.
Up to 255,000 tonnes/year, and up to 130,000 tonnes/year, or 385,000 tonnes/year, of pre-occupancy excavator capacity for joint construction. If the company’s announcement of March this year is taken into account, it will work with the Volkswagen (China) and the Qingshan Holdings Group to reach a strategic cooperative approach (with an expected output of 160 gwh) on the upstream and downstream cooperation of the positive material chain of the power cell industry.
Together with lig new energy, lig chemistry, and the Korean Poetry Holdings, etc., to build the battery industry value chain, a significant growth is expected by the end of the year, with the company growing in time, and lithium electric material coming out. Lithium phosphate is positive: complete downstream technology routes, without fear of future technological change.
Its high-value, high-security and ctp and blade-cell technology breakthroughs, the rapid rise in market shares, the ability of companies to seize the opportunity to complete downstream battery technology routes and further build up their resilience to future changes in risk and demand. (1) On 5 November 2021, the company agreed to sign the Stock Exchange between its controlling subsidiary, BAMST and HWAA.
BAM intends to purchase 100 per cent of its holdings of sacrosanct technology by paying cash or adding new shares to its holdings, 15 to 000 tons of iron phosphate to produce capacity, and the total planned annual production. Tons have been built and are expected to be produced by mid-2022; (2) the company is working with the phosphorus head industry in the country.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with Eichan, North of Lake, to invest in the integrated industry of phosphorus selection, phosphorus, wet-law phosphoric acid, iron phosphate and lithium phosphate materials, to build 500,000 tonnes/year of iron phosphate, 500,000 tonnes/year of lithium phosphate and related accompanying projects, further expanding the capacity of phosphate lithium production.
Core competitiveness II: Full deployment of upstream resources such as lithium cobalt and copper, operation of parks, development of an integrated layout extending the dual “triple plus lithium” technology route, establishment of strong corporate moats, integration of future cost advantages into raw materials: corporate integrity of cobalt and nickel resources and large-scale smelting capacity for security
The company is already operating in countries rich in cobalt-rich nickel, such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Indonesia. The company is China’s largest producer of cobalt products, with the highest capacity in the world, and can better meet the demand for cobalt from the pre-triad drive.
In 2021, the Mission cooperated in the production of nickel resources such as the 60,000-ton nickel metal hydroxide cobalt-wet smelting project, the acquisition of 100-per-cent interest in the arcadia lithium mine, the presentation of lithium resources to complete the puzzle, and the steady supply of the company’s triad drive and positive raw materials.
Industrial park regionalization: The company ' s offshore nickel construction project and domestic smelting capacity are based on mature industries, parks, the company ' s access to the entire industry chain, pipelines, transport, packaging, crystallization and dissolved costs are effectively reduced, and production integration strategies and economies of scale give companies a low-cost competitive advantage.
5 Profit forecasting and investment proposals Core investment logic: The company's future performance contribution will be driven together by the four main plates of “Cobalt from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, nickel from Indonesia, lithium from Zimbabwe, tri-dollar drivers and positive lithium electric materials and low-cost copper”, in which the company's future will be driven.
The core growth logic of profits revolves mainly around the integrated layout of the new energy materials for lithium electricity, with the core growth points mainly related to the risk of a sharp fall in product prices as a result of Indonesia’s nickel-cobalt project, Africa’s lithium mining project and the integration of lithium-electric materials, the company’s growth path 1.
There are more projects under construction, which can have a negative impact on the company’s profits if some projects are put into production or if the pace of production is delayed by internal or external factors. 3) There is less demand than expected. Companies have more projects under construction, their capacity is growing rapidly, and downstream markets are opening up.
To the extent that difficulties arise or demand increases less than expected, resulting in an underutilization of the company’s capacity and an increase in the one-ton depreciation amortization, thus increasing costs, adding up production less than expected and impacting corporate profitability, the methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.