Performance rating for the first half of 2023 by the Merchant Bank (600036)
Business income of $178.460 billion, a 0.35 per cent decrease in the same year; net profit attributable to the bank ' s shareholders rose at a rate of 757.52 net profit recovery. In the first half of 2023, merchant banks realized operating income of $178.460 million, a 0.35 per cent decrease in the same year. Net interest income slowed down to a similar rate as net interest differentials continued to hold.
Commission revenue decreased by 11.82% from the same year, mainly due to the cost of wealth management operations.
Millions of households, 326% more than at the end of the year, and the base of the customer base has been further strengthened. The net difference continues to weigh. In the first half of the year, the net interest of the hiring bank was 2.23%, a decline of 21bps.
The average annualized rate of return on interest-bearing assets was 3.83 per cent, a decrease of 9bps from the same year, owing mainly to the continued downward adjustment of the lpr ' s December peak and insufficient demand for effective credit, the continued downward pricing of new loans and the average collection of loans
In the first half of the year, banks have strengthened their risk controls in priority areas such as individual housing loans, consumer credit-type operations, micro-credit, local government financing platforms and asset quality.
At the end of June, the rate of non-performing loans to commercial banks was 0.95 per cent, a decrease of 0.01 percentage points from the end of the previous year: provision coverage of 447.63 per cent, a decrease of 3.16 percentage points from the end of the previous year, a reduction in risk coverage; and a decline in real estate recovery, which was expected to result in weak credit demand and pressure on the quality of bank assets
Risks; lower market interest rates lead to lower returns on banks’ assets, with a continued risk of net interest differentials. Research reports, “positive” investors, who are only suitable to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors, who are individually and objectively aware of their qualifications in securities investment consultancy or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, for example, in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.