Incident: On 25 August, the Bank of Merchants published its semi-annual report for 2023, which was collected and pre-positioned in the first half of the year, and was established in 1987 at the forefront of China's reform and opening of China — the Shenzhen Snake, the first enterprise law in China.
The deceleration of non-interest-bearing income supports a narrow fall in income and increases in net profit from the provision of anti-breeding. 1h23 Merchant Bank, a stock-holding commercial bank, is also an extra-institutional push by the state. The drop in income is minus -0.4 per cent (q1-1.5 per cent), with a narrower round; net profit is 9.1 per cent higher than in the same year.
In the 35 years since its inception, the ring has been raised by 1.3 pct. As a result of a slight slowdown in scale and a continuing downward trend in net interest differentials, net interest is charged.
Growth slowed further; but other non-interest-bearing income recovered as a result of the stronger debt market performance in the first half of the year
Bank groups with financial plates, such as finance, finance, and subsidiaries, have continued to decline, contributing to a recovery in net profits. The world has a distinct development character and important market influence.
In a single quarter, the 2q23 battalion registered an increase of 0.8% in the same year, with an increase of 2.3 pct over the same year. Of this, net interest income increased by 0.7% over the same year, with a decrease of 1.1 pct over the same year. Net non-interest income increased by 1.1% over the same year.
The number of customers with sunflowers and more, aum, increased by 10.39 per cent and 9.37 per cent, respectively, and the number of private customers and impairment losses decreased by 25.9 per cent and the net profit increased by 10.5 per cent and the acceleration of 2.7 pct. Retail loans returned to warmer and individual credit loans increased.
Billion. Mainly as a result of the fall in interest rates on the paper market, the discount on q2 instruments fell by 96.6 billion; the loans were warmed by 92.1 billion new q2 billion, an increase of 27.2 billion over the previous year; and 24 billion new public loans. At the end of June, the main contributions of human loans came from micro-client loans and consumer loans, commercial housing loans, automobile loans, etc., and so on.
The share of total loans was 26.27 per cent and 25.39 per cent, respectively. Public loans were invested mainly in manufacturing, capital, and personal time deposits were growing faster. Bank deposits kept growing faster, with the balance at the end of June rising to +14.1 per cent.
The former pessimistic economic outlook has seen an increase in the willingness of the population to save and a certain passivity in the periodicization of the population’s deposits. But taking into account the positive balance of prices of companies, the ability to manage the cost of indebtedness is strong, the negative impact of structural factors is expected to be limited, and the cost of indebtedness is expected to remain stable.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn mortgages are heavily priced, interest rates on new mortgages continue to drop, and consumer lending competition increases, with a sharper drop in returns (-28bp to 5.16%).
Residents and businesses are more willing to save, with deposits on a regular and long-term basis; on the other hand, despite falling interest rates on renminbi deposits against the background of a downward adjustment in the registered interest rate, interest rates on foreign currency deposits are higher than overall deposit costs.
The lower asset rate of return continued, the cost-improvement effect of the lower deposit pricing at the end of the liability was gradually apparent, and the net interest differential for the second half of the year was expected to continue down, albeit at a narrow rate. The overall asset quality was robust, and the credit card negative ratio declined.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is 0.95%, the ring balance; and the quality of stock assets remains stable. Of this, the negative loan ratio for public loans increased by $4.4 billion, or 101% of all the negative growth in the public sector, and the bad rate for real estate was higher.
The credit card failure ring drops by 8bp to 1.68%. In the first half of the year, the non-performing loan generation rate (annualized) was set up with a strong security cushion and a profit release space.
Compared to improvements; while the net interest differentials are still under pressure, other non-interest income is performing better than expected, supporting a small recovery in the growth of the crop. On the basis of sound asset quality and adequate provision, lower provisions for anti-breeding profits are reduced, and net profits are rising slightly.
Under the “active capital market” policy, recovery growth is expected in capital market-related operations with traditional advantages. Given the robust quality of the assets and the adequacy of the provision, profits are expected to be released smoothly in the second half of the year, owing to the demands of the sustainable economy.
In the medium-to-long term, retail business development is expected to further optimize income structures, stabilize asset quality, and synergize the growth of public and investment activity to support increased profitability.
Continuing good news, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Figure 6: Unsatisfactory bank ratio at the end of June, with interest ratio - 10bp Table 1: Indicators related to wealth management in commercial banks tracking sources of financial and intellectual growth in the East
Bank of Merchants (600036): Net profits are growing at a smooth pace, assets are of good quality, Eastern financial resources are flourishing, Eastern wealth is flourishing.
Merchant Bank (600036): Net profits are growing at a smooth pace, and the quality of assets is good.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.