27 August 2023 Nim pressure is still in place and the quality of wealth management operations is excellent Bank of Merchants (600036.sh)
The incident company issued its semi-annual report for 2023, with a steady performance, a provision for pressure to mitigate the ongoing anti-feeding profit of 2023h1, company operating income of 1st Lat.
The same growth rate of 9.74 per cent. A negative growth in revenue from middle business, but a narrow decline in revenue, was 25.12 per cent lower than the previous year, with net spread pressures remaining, asset-to-public and retail sales weak, with companies realizing net interest income.
The difference is 2.16%, a decrease of 13bp over the same year, mainly influenced by a combination of high rate of return mortgage lending and heavy pricing and deposit periodicization. The asset end is growing at a robust pace, while maintaining a weak pattern of public power and retailing, which is heavily affected by the decline in housing loans, with the overall rate of return falling as of 6.
At the end of the month, the company’s loan balance stood at $636 million, an increase of 5.02% compared to the beginning of the year, with an average interest rate of 3.83% and 4.36% on the public loan balance and the average interest rate, a decline of 9bp and 26bp from the same year. The increase in the periodicization of debt-end deposits resulted in higher costs. As at the end of June, the company’s customer deposits totalled 803 trillion.
The middle business performance was weak, the quality of the wealth management business was excellent, and retail non-deposit aum accounted for more than 70 per cent of the net non-interest income of the company, $69,464 million, a decrease of 2.71 per cent, compared with the corresponding rate of service charges.
The net revenue from commissions was 47,091 million yuan, a decrease of 11.82 per cent from the previous year; the income from wealth management fees and commissions, as well as movement gains and losses, net gains on exchange and rent-for-money rental operations, increased.
By the end of June, the company had provided 447.63% coverage, a decline of 3.16 percentage points from the beginning of the year, maintaining a high level.
A modest scale, well-structured”, focused on value creation, and further strong capital-intensive business, good capital business. The retail financial system has a clear advantage, wholesale financial values are visible, wealth management and asset management are becoming more competitive, and “digital recruitment” is being built to promote the company’s medium- and long-term business.
We look forward to the future of the company, give a “recommend” rating, forecast 2023-I promise to present this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and clearly and accurately reflect my research views. No part of my remuneration has been, is not or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.