In the first half of 2023, merchant banks increased their net profits by 9.1 per cent over the same period, with a 0.4 per cent decline in the same year, and firms increased their profits and profits, with a narrow drop in revenue, business competitiveness, and income and profitability remained resilient. The interest differentials fell, but the interest income continued to grow, other non-interest-related investments increased rapidly, easing the pressure on the downside of fees.
The stock provision is adequate, the non-lending provision is low, and the anti-breeding contribution is profitable. The corporate asset quality is generally stable, the forward-looking indicators are improved, the real estate stock risk is accelerated, the stock loan provision is stable, the full stock is flat, and the level of the provision is slightly lower or is still the best in the industry.
Market concerns about recruitment arise mainly from real estate risks and pressure on wealth business: the size of a company’s real estate business continues to drop, stock risks are actively cleared and wealth and related revenues are falling. The two business directions are largely consistent with market expectations, but have a better-than-expected impact on performance, and revenue and profitability continue to perform better.
In an environment of improved financial regulatory systems, financial digitization, and domestic and foreign economic and financial complexity, the relative value of companies is more pronounced.
The two-quarter interest differential has increased significantly, and the absolute advantage is still highlighted. The external environment has led to a pressure on the volume of banking, with company interest income rising by 1.2 per cent over the year, maintaining a positive growth, with loan returns of 4.31 per cent dropping by 10bp, and deposit rates of 1.63 per cent to 4bp.
Change shows that the spread control and customer base are still excellent. Focus on future stock mortgage reductions.
The total market value (RMB million) is also high. The same base was higher last year, and the pressure was also high.
Hong Kong Central Settlement (Agents) Ltd. recorded a decrease of 3.1 per cent, other surrogates and fund revenues by 25.6 per cent and 17.8 per cent, respectively, and a decrease of 37.7 per cent, compared to the same period, in the charges for indulgence, securitization of credit assets, consulting consultants, etc.)
The balance of income from management, bank cards, settlements, trustees, etc. The stock risk has been accelerated, asset quality has improved, and the advantages of the provision have been maintained evenly, with pressure mainly from real estate and credit cards, with interest in loans accounting for 1.02 per cent, compared to the one quarter.
10 bp. After risk classification management, concern about marginal changes can be defined. Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. 90bp, which has a larger upswing than in the first quarter, accelerates exposure to stock risk. Non-loan provision for nursing.
The equity investment consulting business is qualified to be profitable, the loan provision is flat, and the full provision is slightly lower than the best in the industry.
Lower economic performance, higher overseas risk than expected. Net profit returns of the merchant banks increased by 9.1 per cent in the first half of 2023 over the same year, net interest income decreased by 1.2 per cent over the same year, non-interest income by 2.7 per cent over the same year, operating income by 0.4 per cent over the same year, total assets grew by 5.9 per cent from the beginning of the year, loans grew by 5.0 per cent, and deposits grew by 6.6 per cent, and poor lending by the end of the year.
In the first half of 2023, merchant banks increased their net profits by 9.1 per cent over the same year, with a 0.4 per cent drop in revenue on the same year, higher corporate profits, reduced revenues, business competitiveness supported, and income and profitability remained resilient. Interest differentials declined, but interest income continued to grow, other non-interest-related increases in investment were sustained, and pressure was eased down on fees. The stock allocation was adequate, the non-loan provision was low, and the counter-feeding contribution was profitable.
Steadyness, improved forward-looking indicators, accelerated liquidation of real estate stock risk, stable stock loan provision, modest level of full stock provision Market concerns about recruitment are mainly related to real estate risks and pressure on wealth operations: corporate real estate operations continue to fall in size, stock risks are positive, wealth and related revenues are declining. Both business directions are broadly consistent with market expectations, but have a better than expected impact on performance.
In a complex environment of improved financial regulatory systems, financial digitization, and domestic and foreign economics, the relative value of companies may be more pronounced. In the past, concern is about the future.
In the proposal portfolio, the increase in ratings is maintained. 1 - The profit rate increases, the harvest falls are narrow.
The improvement over the increase of 10.5 per cent was evident from the first quarter, when corporate operating income fell by 0.35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, by 1.1 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, and by 0.8 per cent on a single quarter on a year-on-year basis on a year-on-year basis on a year-on-year basis. Performance contributions were mainly derived from growth in scale and provision. Roae was 17.55 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and profitability remained high.
By category, public loans (excluding instruments), retail loans and the same share increased by 12.0 per cent, 7.7 per cent, the base figure rose, and the discounts dropped by 16.9 per cent from the same year to the same year, and general loans increased faster from the same year to the same year. For public credit, the trend towards increased manufacturing, transport and electricity has been reversed since the beginning of the year.
The volume of mortgage loans fell by 0.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, driven by an increase in major consumer and business loans, driven by an increase in repayments and sales pressures, and a continuing trend towards the periodicization of retail deposits.
The sharper decline in interest differentials in the 3rd and 2nd quarters, and the absolute advantage, still highlights the fact that, in an environment in which the external environment has led to a pressure on the volume of the banking sector, corporate interest income has continued to grow steadily, with the high interest differentials in the first three quarters of last year, creating a relatively high base pressure for this year. But, given the absolute level of interest differentials and the changes in loan holdings, interest differentials are managed.
And the client base is still excellent. In terms of the decline in corporate lending, the interest rate on retail loans has fallen even more because of the low interest rate on corporate stock to public loans.
Periodicization and higher foreign currency interest rates suppress the cost of deposits and liabilities. 2-quarter single-quarter debt cost 1.74 per cent, 6bp over 1-quarter, with savings cost 1.63 per cent, 4bp over 1-quarter; peer liability cost 2.16 per cent, 19bp over 1-quarter. Foreign currency deposit interest rates and foreign-currency peer-to-peer dismantling rates have increased, increasing cost pressures as foreign-currency deposit cost controls and overseas interest increases
Stopping, subsequent foreign currency pressure or easing is expected to ease the pressure on deposit costs from falling public demand costs and retail time-to-time pricing, with the Division benefiting slightly less from the low cost of stock deposits.4 The reduced fees continue to be pressured, resulting in an increased investment income contribution
Revenues and benefits decreased by 10.2% over the same period, agent insurance income increased by 3.1% over the same year, while income from the rest of the business fell, and the same income fell in the form of sales, fund income, bank cards, settlements, trustees, etc.
High, and this year’s growth pressure is also high. Exchange-related gains are growing faster, and combined gains are increasing faster among owners.5 Stock risk is accelerating and asset quality is improving
At the end of the six-month period, the interest in loans was 1.02%, the size of real estate continued to deflate, and the risk of stock exposure accelerated. The company ' s negative value of public real estate loans was $19.6 billion in the first half of the year, compared to the end of last year.
Growth of $4.3 billion, with a negative rate of 5.52 per cent, is 114 bp more than at the end of last year (5.45 per cent of the company ' s calibre real estate, up from one quarter, 90 bp, up from one quarter). Real estate-related loan and non-lending business balances with credit risk amounted to $43.6 billion, a decrease of 5.9 per cent compared to the end of the previous year. Financial contributions, loans entrusted, sales trusts managed by cooperating agencies on their own initiative,
The business balance of non-credit risk, such as debt financing instruments, which is the main underwriter, totals $247.5 billion, down 17.6 per cent from the end of the previous year.6 Non-loan provision for counter-feeding profits, loan provision is flat, and the full provision is still the best in the industry for non-loan financing for anti-breathing profits. Losses on asset impairment decreased by 24.8 per cent in the first half of the year and 0.8 per cent in credit costs in the first half of the year, up by 9bp in the same year.
The main causes of this shortfall were the non-lending component, which increased by 19.7% in the first half of the year as compared to the same year in terms of loan impairments, reduced losses on off-the-shelf operations, less feeding, less non-lending by $14.8 billion as compared, and less major financial investment and off-the-shelf. Lower economic performance and higher overseas risk expectations.