Sinji Mountain Signals, transport, circular express (600233.sh)
Reasons for the report: Three-quarters report points. Business growth maintained at a high rate, with robust performance in the first three quarters. Description of events: 3-quarter reports issued by companies in 2020 and 23,420 million operating revenues achieved by companies in the first three quarters.
Dollars, 8.34% increase in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 1,386 million yuan are realized, and the volume of business has continued to grow at a high and stable rate.
8001 million votes, an increase of 34.95 per cent over the same year, exceeding the industry ' s growth rate of 7.05 pct, of which q3 completed the express delivery price battles continued with a significant increase in cost. Company q3 single vote revenue of $2.15 was the highest/lowest in the year:
21.82% of the industry continued the fierce price battles of the first half of the year. The company ' s revenue from q3 courier operations amounted to $7,231 million in liquidity a/total equity (billions): $M, an increase of 11.80% over the year, but the company ' s net profit was realized because the cost increases outpaced the growth in operating income.
Cost controls are good and the cost rate ring is better. Company q3 rates are better than q2 and, as of the end of the third quarter of \triangleright, company sales rates, management costs, financial costs are 0.31%, 3.31%,
-0.08%, with sales and management rates down by 0.03 pct and 0.16 pct, respectively, from the end of the second quarter. Ali is the second largest shareholder and continues to promote strategic cooperation.
The group held 379 million shares, or 12% of the company’s total equity. Previously, the circular-carrying shareholders, the Xiaoyu Group and the real control person, had transferred 379 million shares of the company’s shares to the Ali’s network agreement and had completed their registration on 18 September.
The overall share ratio is 22.5%, and the partnership between the two sides is deepening and is expected to further enhance the agreement Investment proposal: the company’s volume of couriers continues to grow at a high rate and the city’s share is rising steadily. By fine-tuning this control continues to reduce the cost of single tickets and to maintain greater competitiveness among first-line couriers.
The “buy-in” rating is maintained at the 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, and at the 28th China Sea State, Pé, 21.84th and 18.97th West West Street, Beijing City.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.