Short-term fluctuations have not changed the growth trend, the ability to release the rise in yield, the good rate problems associated with the fit-out of newly imported equipment has affected the decline in productasp, which is equivalent to 8 inches for 25q1 companies, which is $933.25 per piece, ring ratio - 8.95 per cent.
In the second half of the year, product asp is expected to be gradually repaired. 25q1 company ' s monthly production capacity is equivalent to 8 inches, representing an increase of 19.47 per cent in the same year; crystal-circle capacity has increased to 89.6 per cent in the use of movable property, compared to +8.8 pt. The release of output efficiency has driven a total volume of 2.29221 million crystals, a significant increase in the same amount.
At the same time, the company’s capital expenditure for the current quarter, at $10.157 billion, remained high. q1’s performance for 25 years achieved efficiency gains in multiple areas of revenue collection.
The demand for bulk electronics accounts for 40.6% of the demand, compared to last year ' s +9.7pt; the automobile industry has gone through a pool of pct; and the ratio of smart phones, interconnections and apparifiable equipment has fallen slightly, to 24.2% & 8.3%, respectively, compared to +2.5pct, where the structure of the product continues to tilt towards the upper and middle ends.
Rapid performance rating: performance met expectations, 24q1 ring ratio trend, with the ratio rising to 84.3 per cent in the China district, compared to 2.7 pct; affected by geopolitical disturbances, United States 2. In-depth report by Midcore International (688981.sh): national production turnover
In relation to the trend of national substitution, the associated downstream demand is expected to improve continuously, driving the industrial chain back to warmer. The profits and losses of minority shareholders have improved significantly over the period, and advanced process profits have been released gradually. 38.52% of the shares in 2025 q1 G., with the remaining shares being the major minority shareholders’ interests in the center core international.
In the future, in a context of geopolitically driven arithmetic autonomy, advanced process demands are expected to be further q2, with companies building on the core logic of advanced process development, and growth prospects are still good.
Investment recommendations: The company's performance over 25 years q1 performance is slightly less guided by the “recommended” rating maintained in \triangleright, taking into account crystallized prices and the relatively competitive short-term labour sector in the market, the logic of long-term growth is clear.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.