q1 Unchanged long-term demand for transistor localization due to sudden events Investment rating: increase (maintenance) of $2.2 billion in operating income achieved by Mid-Key International in the first quarter of 2025, 2 per cent increase in ring ratio; parentage
Net profit of $200 million, or 74 per cent ring increase; Māori rate of 23 per cent, or approximately flat ring balance; yield capacity increase to close to 90 per cent, ring increase of 4 pct (in accordance with IFRS).
The company’s q1 crystal ring income ratio grew by almost 5%. Of this, 8 inches, 12 inches, or 18% and 2%, benefited mainly from the withdrawal of goods from customers as a result of changes in the international situation, rising demand for large-scale products driven by policies such as the exchange of old and consumer subsidies within the country, and industry.
q1 plant production fluctuations will continue in q2, but the actual total asp has not materialized.
The q1 company as a whole delivered 2.29 million pieces (equivalent to 8 inches), with a 15% ring increase, but the fall in the second half of q1 due to fluctuations in factory production resulted in a failure to meet the guidance period, while the actual total did not change fundamentally.
According to the Semi data, China’s 12-inch crystal production capacity will reach 25% globally in 2026, leaping to the top of the world. As a home-grown crystal maker, the company has for many years been able to produce it.
The long-term focus on the development of integrated circuit technology, maintaining an increase of 50,000 metres of capacity per year, providing 8 inches and 12 inches of crystallized industrial services to clients, and gaining a good level of industry awareness, are expected to benefit fully from the crystal circle of national production in the future.
The recovery of the industry has been slower than expected, and geopolitical conflicts have intensified.
Li Mei-hyun, a Master's degree from the Chinese People's University, joined Hua An in January 2024. He worked in East Hing Securities, with four years of research experience in the electronics and communications industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.