The Industrial Internet leads the manufacturing revolution - Dong Jiazawa - summary of the study of the Bosun software.
Research guest: Dr. Cto Squire, Mr. Luko Tung
Networking offers golden opportunities. Industrial Internet is a big data-based smart system built up by equipment, networks, platforms, software, and models. How to combine data with users and industry to bring it together on the platform, and to stay close to business to actually analyse it, is to make business transformations. Industrial Internet enabling intelligence.
Ensuring product quality, controlling manufacturing costs, flexible production of customer demand, and rapid response determine the competitiveness of manufacturing firms in the market. The industrial Internet, by changing the role of humans, improves the synergy between the various links of manufacturing enterprises, promotes the accumulation of knowledge and continuous cost control by the enterprises themselves, and ultimately helps to create new and old dynamic energy transformations and enhances the core competitiveness of firms.
In the process of manufacturing intelligence, BS shares focus on three areas of synergy: (1) increasing the level of synergy between the single-base processes, such as steel refining, casting, rolling steel; and (2) building synergies between the four main bases: Bosan, Aoyama, Maysan and Dongshan.
Building; (3) achieving synergies in cross-enterprise supply chains with downstream car manufacturers, home power producers, building smart factories and digital supply chains. Treasure software, starting with client services, customizes eight-fold targets and promotes smart shop planning, including: unmanned on-site operations,
In the process, there is one key to the process, the safety of the personnel, the support of tele-engineering, the refinement of plant management, the visualization of quality costs, the manufacturing of pipelines, the co-generation of process services. In this case, the 1580-hot-rolling smart factory for the stockholding is the first steel demonstration engineering application of the Ministry of Technology. The Xinsight is also built into the White Paper on the Industrial Internet Implementation Structure as a reference framework for the steel industry.
The aim of the project is to integrate operations by building an industrial Internet platform with wireless coverage, no storage, large number of robotic applications, and fully industrially connected basic platforms.
The recent shock on the table was caused by a debt-to-equity shift, which meant that the release of bonds was meant to increase market liquidity and not to cover it. But based on the country’s characteristics, the stockholdings of boars and steels need to be guaranteed absolute control, with less active trading in the market, amounting to about 80 million shares.
2. The impact of the price reduction on the Treasure: First, the collaboration between the Treasure and Ali Baba and the Tung Tse is contracted through three major operators, with a single signature for 10 years, with the price unchanged; second, the Tung Tse cloud, as a latecomer, has to catch up at the expense of some of its interests. Two approaches can be appropriate to reduce costs: first, the operator.
Third, there are three elements to idc’s business development: land, utilities, and energy consumption targets. The Treasurestone software has a ready-made land advantage, energy consumption targets depend mainly on the additional energy-saving emission reduction commitments of the BMW Group.
As a result, the downturn in the price of tungsten clouds has had little effect on the Treasure Letters. 3.mes orders: 80% more information orders in the quarter than in the same period last year, and more automated operations.
Industrial Internet Theme : Monita tmt-Basin Software: Industrial Internet Quality, idc Performance Progressive Release of Chip National Product Theme
• One of the Punitatmt — a series of national production of chips of 03 June 2018: Big Power, Power Semiconductor, Small Industry Opportunities — Final results of the investment of Monitatmt — Government Fund, 26 February 2018: Substitutable trends in national production — Monita tmt — River of mlcc autonomous control — breaking the ice of state enterprise reform
• Monita tmt-mlcc price hikes sustained on 10/04/2018, Fenghua High School performance is expected to break out – Monita tmt-mlcc price hikes sustained on 28/02/2018, industry leaders benefited — Monita tmt - rise of national production and overseas M&As on 17/04 2018, two-wheel drive to the future
• Monitattmt - Unmanned Propulsion Time Depth Analysis, 15/03/1917; Monitatmt - Automobile Sensor Welcome to Spring, 31/10/1916, Towards Integration .Monitatmt - Unicorn Thematic Series II - Unicorn Quality Enterprise Deconstruction and Valuation Explorer
• Monitatmt - One of the Unicorn Series, 19/03 2018 - Analysis of Unicorns and Cdr Initials, Monetatmt-2017 Annual Electronics & Communications Strategy, 12/01 2017
• Monetatmt-led Multi-Purpose Layout Opening the Lighting Market Growth Space on 10/08/2017.
The theme of the literal message — Monitattmt-ray communications depth series (ii) 22 September 2016 - data age, lightware entering the new landscape cycle — Monitatmt-light communications depth series report (i) fibre-optic industry supply and demand depth analysis