Industrial Internet quality, idc performance by thank you for the report of the intern, Mr. Wu, on the release of the Treasure News software proceedings.
The company was the first high-technology enterprise in the country, the National Enterprise Technology Centre, and the National Technology Innovation Demonstration Enterprise, which for many years had been in the forefront of the selection of the top 10 companies in China's autonomous brand of software products and had been awarded the Shanghai City Mayor's Quality Award.
The country’s large and medium-sized steel companies, transportation, medicine, mining, colouring, chemicals, equipment manufacturing, finance, public services, water and water services, etc., as well as Shanghai Telecom, mobile etc.
The company’s business concept is to build a stable, profitable and respected intelligence service that will focus on smart manufacturing and intelligence in the coming years. The city’s two business areas focus on three new business directions: cloud computing services, big industrial data, financial software, and financial uniforms.
In this regard, the following activities have been undertaken: (a) To build four strategic operations: idc, humanization, object networking, and intelligent transport, and to consolidate the five traditional businesses that make up the core competitiveness: informatization, automation, information services, intelligence, electromechanical integration; (b) To increase the investment of smart manufacturing resources to meet the opportunities for industrial Internet development;
With regard to the industrial Internet, companies have made a major effort to promote smart manufacturing-related research and development projects and to promote smart equipment and industrial robots.
Applications, multi-base distribution platforms and related application systems go online, industrial big data platforms xinsight combines applications to implement extension, process consistent quality analysis, cloud big data application services, and so on. Companies are fully involved in the Treasure Steel stock, 1580 Heat Rolling Smart Workshop Demonstration Project, achieving key technological breakthroughs in eight areas, including logistics automation, and the system is operational and gradually operational.
Use. In 2018, the company will invest more resources in the field of smart manufacturing, seeking to form an overall program of full-process intelligence in metallurgical plants; and using the smartness of metallurgical plants as a gateway to achieve smart solutions and radiation to other industries and fields. In the first quarter of 2018, there will be a significant increase in performance and a positive trend in the development of the main business.
The company grew its performance in the first quarter of 2018, with a record rate of 32.03 per cent, mainly benefiting from the recovery of steel and steel industry, where the company’s main clients are engaged, and from increased computerized revenues; and from the increase in the number of hangars on the Treasure Clouds II and III projects, whose revenues have increased significantly over the same period last year. The company’s lines of business have developed well, and the idc is a new business that the company has opened in recent years and will be considered for adoption in the future.
In 2018, efforts were made to get all three of the first ones, and the benefits were fully released. The company provided idc services to Alibaba, and there were some exchanges with Aliun on cloud computing and intermediate technology.
In 2018, the company will focus on core business, strengthen external sources, identify project resources that have synergies with existing core business, build up core business size growth and improve asset efficiency through acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures, etc.
The gold factory’s whole-process intelligence program, a massive expansion of idc, smart equipment and smart city business, continuous optimization of corporate governance and system support, and efforts to explore business models and product development models innovation.
• Monita tmt-mlcc price hikes sustained on 28 February 2018, with industry leaders benefiting from Monita tmt - Global Auto-Driving Industry Combination — Monita tmt - Rise of National Production and Overseas Merger and Purchase on 1704 2018, with two-wheel drive towards the future
• Monitatmt - Unmanned Propulsion Time Depth Analysis, 15/03/2018, Monitatmt - Unicorn Series II - Unicorn Quality Enterprise Deconstructing and Valuation Research, 19/03 2018
• Monetatmt-2017 annual strategy for electronics and telecommunications, 12 January 2017.
The mobile phone industry chain theme: "Munita tmt-iphone 8, 09.05. 2017, brought vcsel into the consumer electronics industry."
• Monitatmt-ray depth report series (ii) of 22 September 2016 -- data age, optical devices entering the new landscape cycle: Monitatmt-light communications depth report series (i) of 07 September 2016 -- fibre optic industry deep supply and demand resolution — Monitatmt-industry depth report of 14 July 2017 -- domestic layout networking, whole industry chain and accelerated national production substitution
• Monitattmt — Event Review — nb-iot Industrial Union List of Issues and Alliance Answers, 30 August 2016: Monitatmt — Industry Depth Report, 28 June 2016: Smart street lights — another entrance to Smart City — Monitattmt — First Quantum Fingerprint Identification & nb-iot through Event Point Assessment, 23 June 2016