Self-generating income boosts performance, investment banks, and financial management features.
On the evening of 23 March, the Stock Exchange issued its annual report for 2017, in which the company achieved business income of $21.576 billion, performed significantly better than the industry, and self-generated revenue and floated outperformed performance, operating robustly and showing significantly better performance than the industry. In 2017, the securities industry recovered and net profits fell by the same year.
5.08%, 8.47%, with a positive increase in widely issued securities, with revenue and net profits ranked four and five, respectively, while highroe demonstrated the company’s ability to operate. Performance was largely attributable to: 1) self-employment gains of $5.45 billion, a significant increase of 36.3% in the same year; 2) due to industry factors, the main business was down, but below.
The profit/loss on the fair value of other available-for-sale financial assets is $680 million, compared to -1216 million during the same period last year.
(b) The company will continue to consolidate its advantages in the area of high-quality SME clients and increase its exposure to large size.
As of March 24, the Ipo tutorships were registered in 91 cases, ranked 1st. Self-investments were bright and equity gains were high.
The portfolio transformation quality, the active management capacity, is still in the forefront of the industry, with the pooled management plan ranked 1st in size, the active management size ranking 2nd, the active management ratio 65.4 per cent, and the industry ranking 1.
In 2010, the company took the lead in establishing a wealth management centre, which now forms a four-wheel-drive wealth management system for science and technology finance, wealth management, agency brokering, and integration. In financial science and technology, the company’s Internet finance strategy is structured.
Earlier, the platform was fully built, and diversified financial terminals, including mobile securities, Beta cattle, trading platforms, online transactional financial end-pages, official micro-credit and gold-picker platforms, were completed. By the end of 2017, the ratings were: performance was better than industry, investment and management.
The company is well-run, the lines of business are in the forefront of the industry, the ipo, and the active management of the capital are characteristic of the company, which has no real control, is the only non-state-controlled bond dealer of the top 10 coupons, and is marketable.
Xiaoping, a mid-level economist, and a master’s degree in economics at the University of Xian Transport, who worked at the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, which is responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research.
In 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory practice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, sought to be objective, impartial through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and that the conclusions were not influenced by any third party.