The decline in performance was in line with expectations, with low valuations of high-configuration value, a quarterly performance rating of a wide range of securities, a summary assessment report/non-bank finance
On the evening of 24 April, a performance announcement was issued for the first quarter of 2018, resulting in operating income of $3.864 billion, a decline in operating income for the main battalion and overall performance in line with expectations \triangleright
The company ' s net profit return for the first quarter was 28.7 per cent compared to the 28.7 per cent ratio, and the monthly report data for the months of January to March was 22 per cent compared to the 22 per cent margin, but as a result of the adjusted income structure of the monthly report, there was a decline in the ratio of investment and credit operations, as well as an increase in self-employment, brokerage, management, investment and equity-based trading markets, leading to a small increase in the revenue from brokering activities.
\triangleright, in the larger context of the low commission rate of brokering, the net revenue from the company ' s brokering activities during the first quarter was still small, at trillion yuan, or +9.3 per cent, compared to 4.6 per cent in the city, compared with 4.3 per cent in the same period last year.
The market ' s ipo pass rate is low, delaying the investment bank ' s performance, launching four companies in the first quarter of the year, raising a total of 2,098 million yuan, compared to 11 in the same period last year, raising $6,628 million. In April, the ipo pass rate was 57.9 per cent higher than the level of one quarter, adding up the public.
As of 24 April, the number of company ipo reviewers stood at 147, ranked 1st in the industry. Equity market fluctuations affected self-employment performance, with a narrow credit spread.
In the case of credit operations, the net interest income from narrow interest differentials is the same as -54.5 per cent, as a result of the increase in interest payments on corporate debt financing.
Due to industry factors, the company's performance has declined year-on-year, but we believe that the company's business as a whole is sound, while investing in an ipo business project with a strong reserve and active management capacity in asset management is of high quality, that the Fund holds warehouse data for a quarter, that the stock of the voucher is low, and that the build-up of the recent cdr business is pending.
1. People Living and Silver Weekly: 20180416: tax success pilot, opening up to the outside world, boosting mood, 2. People Living and Non-Banking Financial Sector Report: Equity
Xiaoping, a mid-level economist, and a Master of Economics at the University of Xian Transport, formerly in charge of macroeconomic and industrial research at the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of Strategy and Development of the Large State Enterprise.
In 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory practice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were based on compliance channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial, and the conclusion was not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.