The gradual transition to wealth management, investment and capital intermediation contribute to major performance gains The structural growth of investment operations, equity and derivatives trading operations, on a year-on-year basis, contributed to the growth of public sector performance. In 2017, companies achieved a net return on investment of 9.406 billion.
Gains and derivatives trading operations: net return on investment of $1,517 million, corresponding to the increase in investment operations: 29 new equity investment projects with a cumulative total investment size of $2.246 billion, with four projects listed through ipo; investment research operations: realization of revenue
Market share, 5.46 per cent, fifth in the consolidated calibre of the industry; financing coupons achieved with a balance of $26,582 million in stock pledge buy-backs through self-financing, with brokering falling beyond the industry as a whole and moving slowly towards wealth management
Type. In 2017, the corporate agent bought and sold securities with a net income of $3.310 billion, compared to the year, the company continued to promote the reform of the retail sector, with a four-wheel drive of “Techno-finance, wealth management, institutional brokering, integration” to drive business transformation and aggregate sales.
Financial products amount to $4,851.45 million, resulting in a net income of $123 million, a decrease of 21.92 per cent over the same period, and a decline in the size of public and private fund-raising following the decline in industry.
In 2017, the company achieved a net income of $3.982 billion from entrusted client asset management operations, with management plans and dedicated asset management plans down by 33.76 per cent, or 8.82 per cent, respectively; and monthly average management by size
Industry sixth, management of a pooled plan is ranked first and management is ranked second. In the case of public funds, open funds under the corporate flag (51%, holding shares) and the Fonda fund (25%, participating shares) have achieved excellent performance in 2017.
By the end of 2017, the size of the public fund managed by the Open Fund totalled $27,9938 million, a decrease of 8.14 per cent in the same year; the income earned was $2,952 million, an increase of 19.19 per cent in the same year;
Adding 1,251 million yuan; generating 1,436 million yuan in revenue, an increase of 13.321 per cent over the same period; following the decline in the market, equity financing was significantly reduced in volume but net revenue; bond financing was increased in reverse direction; and bond financing was slightly reduced in size in 2017.
Production restructuring transactions amounting to 85,248 million yuan, with industry ranked second in the post-centre ranking; net M & As financial consultant income of 314 million yuan, an increase of 4.86 per cent over the same period.
In financial science and technology, companies continue to deepen their layout in the area of artificial intelligence and mobile trading terminals, in which robots developed autonomously by companies are on the second phase of the Beta cattle front line; and complete the creation of a platform supported by a “brain-brain-brain” intelligent application strategy;
A number of intellectual applications, such as "intelligent customer service", "intelligent voice helper" and "precision information" were released. By the end of 2017, the number of users of company mobile phone securities had exceeded 15.7 million, an increase of over 50 per cent over the same period; the number of users of micro-mail platforms was over 3.17 million;
During the period, the sale and transfer of financial products from the gold-picker platform amounted to $115.57 billion; so far, the company has acquired one new, practical patent, six software copyrights.
Broadening global capital to build offshore ficc investment platforms, with asset allocation covering 20 countries and territories in Asia, Europe, and the United States, covering multi-metametric investment areas such as bonds and structured products. We believe that companies are in financial science and technology and ficc operations.
Developments are expected to generate further momentum for companies. Profit forecasting: entering a “deleveraging” complex business environment in 2018, firms will depend on investment and credit operations to some extent, and companies will be affected (combined widely).
The assumption that the market balance remains stable, that the market style maintains the logic of value investment, and that the rapid growth of the financial science and technology and ficc operations of the Department of Public Information provides a new impetus, I will give it a “prudentially recommended” investment rating for the first time.
The decline in the share of business performance management; the less-than-expected development of new business such as financial science and technology and ficc; and tighter regulation of the securities sector. Pan Yong-la: Nine years of experience in securities research at Xiamen University, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, with a major focus on research and follow-up
The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. The accuracy and completeness of interest is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is not consistent with the views expressed.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.