The main reasons for the steady growth of production operations are the vigorous opening of markets, the acceleration of structural adjustment, the acceleration of transformational upgrading, the vigorous development of capital ppp operations, and the accelerated landing of orders:
In recent years, companies have been increasing their capacity to handle the ppp business model, taking the lead role in financing the construction of infrastructure markets and integrating social capital into the rapid development of infrastructure operations. The company accumulated a new contract of approximately $28,778 million in January-July of 17 years, an increase of 29.34 per cent.
A large number of representative projects in the areas of fast roads, orbital traffic, municipal engineering, etc., such as the Chengdu orbital transport 18 ppp project ($33,624 million) and the North Sector ppp project (11,013 million) of the Cary Roundabout in Guizhou Province, where the ppp model has become the company's accelerated transformation.
At the same time, the company took advantage of the opportunity of the “one-way” summit for international cooperation to sign Argentina.
The Tharovolt project, the Kathmandu-Hetolda highway project in Nepal, and the Rambing Coal Power Station project in Kenya, among others, continue deep-ploughing overseas markets, and the company’s long-flung effects will become more apparent or more evident. The water environment governance operation has begun to bear fruit, creating new growth points:
With the impetus of the new National Environmental Protection Act and the Water 10 Act, water and environment operations have opened up a trillion-dollar market. The company funded the establishment of the China-Cable Water Management Corporation at the end of 15 years, and increased its registered capital from $600 million to $3 billion in May this year, actively setting up the water environment.
In the first half of 2017, the company signed a cumulative $8.76 billion contract in the water and environment sector, and as the company strengthens its profile in this area, it will become a significant performance growth point in the future. In the first half of the year, the company planned to build the largest pc project in China’s water and environment industry, the Shenzhen Mau River.
In addition, the company has increased its research and research efforts, and has set up an experimental centre for research and research on the management of the aquatic environment in China, with the aim of helping to build a beautiful China with technological innovation. The company has also set up a working group, a preparatory committee for the new area, and an active study of the governance of white yang.
China Power Construction: Newly signed singles to accelerate landing and promote performance should be 15 times as high as pe in 2017, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Chart 1: Changes in corporate operating income in a single quarter (billion yuan)
Figure 2: Change in net profit for a single quarter of a company (millions of yuan) Figure 3: Any portion of the Māori rate for a single quarter of a company, changes in net interest rates are not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to specific recommendations or views in this report.
New Age Stock Industry Rating System: Recommendations, Neutrality, Avoidance of New Age Stock Company Rating System: Strong Recommendations, Recommendations, Neutrality, Avoidance Analysis, Limitations of Valuation Method
The analysis contained in the present report is based on various assumptions, and different assumptions may lead to significant differences in the results. The various valuation methods and models used in the present report have limitations, and the valuation results do not guarantee that the securities in question can be traded at that price.
This report is provided by New Age Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as New Age Securities) to its institutions or individual customers (hereinafter referred to as “New Age Securities”) and is not intended to target or violate laws and regulations in areas under the jurisdiction of the United Nations, countries, cities, or other laws. The New Age Securities do not need to be treated as a customer by the recipient of this report.
The full text contained in this report is for the information of the customer only, does not constitute an investment recommendation for the customer and is not an invitation or guarantee to buy, sell, or purchase securities or other financial instruments. The new-age securities are prepared on the basis of public information or information that is objective and impartial, but does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the content of that information or information.
This report does not constitute an investment, legal, accounting, or tax advice or guarantee that any element is appropriate to the client, and it does not constitute a personal advice to the client.
The information contained in the present report reflects the judgement of the new era securities as at the date of publication of the present report, which may issue other conclusions that are inconsistent with or different from what is contained in the present report