Longsilong's ambition is to be a leader in the long-range smelting of the layout.
Liu Woo-Chor’s performance will increase. The company, as the leader of the civil elixir industry, completed an integrated whole-chain layout of crude oil, aromatic aromatic hydrocarbons, polyesters, silk.
Zhang Myung-sung, we expect a further significant increase in corporate performance in the future for three main reasons.
First, companies create differentiated, high-end elixir brands that are more profitable than competitors. The company’s top-end Fdy product, with a Māori ratio of more than 17%, is far ahead of the industry.
The recovery of textile apparel has led to a positive rise in the future growth rate of 12% in the industry. Second, the country’s largest pta equity capacity will benefit fully from the industry’s landscape.
Pta prices and price differentials are on the rise, driven by positive factors, both supply and demand. In August 18, pta’s third, 20 million tons of refining projects are about to come into operation, with a clear market advantage for integrated layouts.
• The Helium petrochemicals project enjoys co-benefits such as self-built terminals and self-propelled thermal power plants, with annual savings in the operation of the total equity/circulation unit (millions of shares) project using the all-hydrogen process process, based on medium-heavy oil, “multi-arocarbon production”, key technologies
The Accompanied Ethylene Project is expected to make a net profit of almost 5 billion yuan a year. It will be fully productive and will greatly enhance the company’s performance.
Significant growth in performance, and a promising process of refining integrated production, pta: integration taps 2018-07-27.
Eung-heung's In-depth Report, Heung-jung shares (600,346): Long-sleeved Dragon Head is a leader.
The three-step development strategy resulted in the production of the polyester industrial chain and the roll-up of the chemical fibre with the shell. In March 2016, the hemospheric fibre loan, the Great Company with limited shares in rubber and plastic machinery, was placed on the market and renamed the Helium and Pulse Company Ltd. The original rubber and plastic machinery was associated with the roll-out.
All business assets were placed on the public market, and the company ' s main business was changed to more profitable polyester fibres, plastics and thermal power, taking the first step in the company ' s growth into the chain of polyesters.
The company’s cash acquisition of Condom Pulsifiers Ltd., in 2016, competed for the optimization of the new Pulsifier Operations Structure, incorporating 160,000 tonnes/year pbt engineering plastics and 200,000 tonnes/year bopet film into the Pulse downstream product structure.
In order to strengthen upstream raw material security and to enhance the enterprise’s risk resistance and profitability, the company issues shares to purchase pta and refined assets that actually control constant refining and constant investment under the flag of control.
The company announced a major asset reorganization in January 2017 and successfully transferred the assets to the home in February 2018, together with the original 12,000 self-researched state-of-the-art knitting machines and 8,500 multiplier machines and accessories in the textile industry.
The company completed an integrated whole-chain layout of “Crude oil aromatic hydrocarbons-pta-polyesters-wiring” that opened the way for industrial synergies and cross-growth. The Helium Group is the largest shareholder, with a very concentrated equity structure.
With the completion of the portfolio, the Stewardship Group and the Convergence Actors hold 73.79% of the company’s shares, with a strong concentration of shares, which is conducive to the implementation of major decisions and long-term growth of the company. The Stewardship Group, with 33.04% of its shareholdings, is the first largest shareholder, with real control over Chen Jianhua and Fan Hung Wei.
Figure 3: Structure of the Helium Stock Company, Van Red Wei Chen Jianhua
Not International. Wall investments. St. Paul investments.
Helium petrochemicals, Inc., Helium petrochemicals, Inc.
Jiangsu's silicon fibers, confusive petrochemicals, salivation.
In 2017, the Helium Group collected $30.79 billion in total, currently the world’s 500th largest producer, and for the fifth year in a row, China’s Changshek became the first industrial competitor. There are constant shares under the flag, two listed public ministers with the same travels, and more than a dozen entities, with production bases in Suzhou, Dalian, Cebu, South China, Campus, etc.
By means of the Stretch Group platform, the benefits will be both at the capital and product ends. 2. Corporate performance level 3 jumps. Corporate performance will be at the tertiary level.
Every step on the road to industrial chain integration began in 2016 with a loud sound. With the test operation of the 2000 million tons/year refinery at the end of 2018, the company is about to complete a third-level jump in size and performance, an increase of 45.73% over the same period.
The polyester product is a support point, with a single foot to complete the first jump of the third stage. Quite a step forward in performance in the first quarter of 2018.
With a profit of $1.88 billion, an increase of 132.6% over the same period last year, annual revenues are expected to reach $58.490 billion, and the company’s business performance is about to take a final leap forward after the official launch of the 2019 refining project. With the return on the full chain of aromatic hydrocarbons-pta-polyesters, we expect the company to earn $152.016 billion a year.
Figure 5: The size of the company’s assets is expanding, and the company’s main business is being run from point to point. As the company’s business is expanding, the company’s revenue structure has changed dramatically, from being predominantly wiring with civil scrubbers to being a refinery integrated venture.
Polyester revenues reached 54.9% and 34.4% respectively, and pta jumped to the heart of the business. With the launch of the refining project, future sales of finished oils and chemicals will be eliminated from the company’s head office.
In addition to seizing the opportunity of this dynamic of the polyester industry chain, the company’s high-profile integration of the whole industry chain, “px-pta-polyester.” We believe that the company has a number of advantages in major product layouts and refining integration projects that will help it to become more competitive and perform well.
The structural contradiction between our industry, “low-end products are crowded, high-end products are lacking.”
Although not absolutely top-notch, the production capacity of the silhouettes has taken over the market through differentiated, high-end products, so as to avoid the fierce competition for low-end civilian longlines. 3.1.1 Specialized teams have created high-end civil silk brands.
Fertilizer fibres are widely used in modern textile industries, and are divided into long wires and short wires, where they account for more than 80% of them. Depending on the method of subsequent processing and use, they can also be divided into pre-opinion (poy), extruding (fdy) and stretching deforming (dty).
Table 1: Description of the main product categories of civil scrubber silk, the source of financial prosperity in the East, which currently has a total production capacity of 2,743,000 tons in the country's civil long silk market, the leading industrial companies, Kiyokun and Shinfung.
With 1.4 million tons of production capacity at present, the country’s top five, the total is not the top. But companies, based on professional, differentiated, high-end development lines, are locked in the market by high-end products of the Fdy.
The price is most expensive for dty, which is obtained by the ballistic process, and the most profitable for poy. The average price difference (excluding taxes) for the year 2017 is $1911, $1460 and $2647, respectively, and Fody is significantly more profitable than Poy.
The company has a technology research and development team of more than 1,000 people, and the ability to develop science and technology is ahead of its domestic fibre-optic counterparts. The company has successfully developed a high-quality, super-lighted civil long-width, super-light.
High-tech barriers and high-quality products give companies a stable source of customers and a stronger bargaining power, compared to the city.
The production performance is expected to double, with horizontal reinforcements to consolidate the position of the elixir leader. Sun's new material is expected to produce 1.35 million tons of multi-purpose high-quality new textile materials per year, including: fdy.6 million tons, Poy 300,000 tons, etc.
The project has invested $12.3 billion in a multifunctional, high-quality, differentiated chemical fibre market. The project is expected to start gradually in 2020, further consolidating the company’s leading position in the detergent industry.
3.1.2 Downstream ecological improvement leads to a recovery in the textile and clothing sector as a result of an overall increase in domestic demand. Downstream demand for long strips is divided into three main categories: textiles for garments, textiles for decoration, and textiles for products.
The retail upturn ended six consecutive drops in 2017, a 7.8% increase in the year-on-year period and a steady recovery in warming. In the first five months of 2018, based on data from the ants’ gold suit net, the index of clothing shoe caps, needles, textiles has risen, and e-commerce has become an important channel for driving textile and clothing consumption.
• With the liberalization of the second-child policy, the gradual release of the demographic dividend will boost the consumption of textiles and clothing, mainly in the case of infants and children.
Demand-side benefits improve supply and demand relationships, and the purge market continues to be good. Usually in June-August, the textile and apparel industry was weak, the Eastern financial booming season, but the level of industry was “low” this year for the same period.
In the area of inventory: currently, the stock of Poy and Fody in the long silk market is under 10 days, and dty's inventory is only between 15 and 20 days, and the number of days of the product stock is significantly lower than the same level in previous years. In the area of prices: the fall of the stock significantly supports the price of the long wire.
150d/48f and Fdy50d/48f tons, respectively, at an average price difference of $10930 and $14,000, after having experienced a peak in investment in 2011, the polyester industry as a whole moved into supply-side reforms around 2014
Starting at the end of 2016, the recovery of end demand has led to a large increase in demand, and the purge of silk production has moved into a steady expansion phase. It is expected that output growth will be slower than demand growth throughout the year 2018, with industry starting at a rate already in place.
The main driving force behind the market for polyesters in 2018 is the financial boom in the East. Given the fact that the textile and clothing industry will be in place in the second half of the year.
In the month’s golden season, we predict that the fire will continue. On the supply side: capacity is expected to increase by 10% over the same year. A further 3.25 million tons are planned for 2018, mainly from the elite, and industry concentration will increase further.
3.1.4 Increased production capacity is dominated by poy, and supply and demand improvements are more pronounced. The long line of production in the last two years has been dominated by poy, which has led to more competition in the market. Fody ' s relatively large investments and higher technical barriers to high-end products have resulted in fewer new production capacity.
The company’s fdy product will have a greater profit margin. East’s financial and intellectual source 3.2 pta: The world’s largest monolithic plant will enjoy the industry’s full potential.
The company’s company’s Pta production base in Changing Island has an existing pta capacity of 6.6 million by the end of the year, following the infusion of capital investment assets. With the planned new 2.5 million tons/year pta-5 project, pta’s total capacity will reach 11.6 million tons and industry leadership will be maintained. The company will benefit fully from this round of pta by virtue of its size and cost advantage.
3.2.1 Demand rises to a good catalytic pta landscape
Production of polyesters is expected to increase by 5.8 million tons in 2018, which is a significant stimulus to the growth of pta demand. The production of polyesters reached about 41 million tons in 2017, corresponding to the demand for pta by 35.6 million tons, an increase of 11.4 per cent over the previous year.
The production of detergent fibres and polyester bottles increased by 12% and 14%, respectively. The new pta production capacity was more limited by 2019.
Only 220, 220, 280 and 3.7 million tons, respectively, and only 4.2 per cent of Cagr, with production growth at a low rate, are the sources of financial prosperity in the East, including the new production capacity in Sichuan Shada and Ningxia Pagoda in 2018, which may not be ready for production due to the supply of raw materials.
At the end of 2019, the expected time of production for the new production capacity of Tae-kyung Yu and Xin Feng-min was almost negligible, and the impact on the 2019 pta market was almost negligible.
The supply and demand situation is reversed and gradually improving: the capacity start-up rate is increasing, and social stocks are falling to historical status. The pta industry has entered a new pattern of tight balance between supply and demand, with high loads and low stocks becoming the norm in the pta market.
Prices of pta have also risen with water, due to the rise in crude oil prices and the devaluation of the renminbi, which has raised the import price of px of pta raw materials. Meanwhile, a shortage of spot prices in the pta market has caused pta prices to rise to $8790, or close to 50%, and the company’s receipts in September have risen to $9,000 per ton.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is currently in a high price range for pta, which is ranked first among all private enterprises because market supply and demand are unlikely to change significantly in the short term.
Profits will increase by 660 million, benefiting fully from the pta landscape. 3.2.3 Large-scale plant production costs are more common products, with highly transparent costs, and competition for production prices is mainly based on competition for production costs.
At the same time, 40-50 kg of acetic acid is used as a solvent. Catalyst consumption is equivalent to US$ 10/t, and the sum of packaging materials, fuel, labour costs, etc. is around US$ 60/t. The company pta device has a cost advantage in processing.
The company’s pta installation has a construction cost advantage. Depreciation of the production equipment is also included in the production cost.
Tons of investment costs are falling, while the constant share pta devices are built in the Grand Company’s Changing Island Industrial Park, with capacity concentrated in management, construction costs, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In the case of the planned pta 4 production line, for example, 2.5 million tons of capacity is invested in only 2.9 billion dollars. In 15-year production cycles, the cost of depreciation of a ton of products is less than $100, which is significantly better than that of the industry.
The pta industry now has an oligarchic pattern of “four + four,” with more than 50% cr4 and 77.2% cr. The future large-scale expansion of pta’s capacity will be concentrated in 2020, and industry concentration will increase further.
The oligarchic pattern will help to increase the market ownership of leading firms, and the bargaining power of the oligopoly firms will increase. In addition, firms will be able to reduce storage costs through larger production scales, and profitability will increase, with 3.3 px: 4.5 million tons of productive capacity making a profit.
Compared to the pta industry's current upturn, the px industry has experienced a great deal of resistance. The industrial chain was only 13.9 million tons of domestic px production in 2017, corresponding to 10 million tons of production. And in 2017, pta was the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The production of 34.55 million tons corresponds to the demand for px of 22,63 million tons, there is a demand gap of 12,63 million tons, with self-sufficiency of only 7.6 per cent of the cagr between 2010 and 2017, compared to 18.9 per cent for the pta downstream.
With a large demand gap and an irreplaceable px as an upstream pta raw material, the px industry in South Korea and Japan is already close to 60% of the year. The px industry is taking advantage of this opportunity to expand and occupy the market, with 80% of exports flowing to the Chinese market, from which a large profit is made.
Figure 26: px capacity and speed of increase Figure 27: px production, imports and import dependency
The profits are concentrated at the px end, where the price difference is more than $250 per ton, which is more than the price difference between the px-pta and pta-polyester processes. So the px procession of the px has a very good return. And the 4.5 million tonnes/year px capacity of the perseverance project will be tested by the end of 2018 and will be fully contributed in 2019.
Px will expand productive capacity, and the integration apparatus will be profitable. With large-scale refining integration, such as perseverance, Zhejiang petrochemicals, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
A total of 21.3 million tons of new px production capacity will be added to 35.29 million tons per year. By that time, px domestic self-sufficiency will be higher, and the full industrial chain layout of the “px-pta-polyester scrubber” will be consistently concentrated, with high profitability and full benefit of the px-pta-polyester industry chain dividend.
Other polyester products of the company are equally profitable. Fertilizer industrial silk is a huge market for car silk as an industrial textile. It can be used mainly in the areas of car safety belts, airbags, tyre curtains. In the long run, with economic development and the improvement of people's living standards,
A steady increase in the number of cars will result in a new demand for industrial silk. Meanwhile, with the accumulation of technology and the advantage of value for money over the years, the scrubber industry is expected to move gradually towards replacing Pa66 in the area of car silk.
Three. At the same time, the company seizes market opportunities in a timely fashion, and plans to implement an industrial silk conversion project with an annual output of 200,000 tons of high-performance vehicles.
The company’s industrial silk business has been contributing steadily to the company’s performance, and the price of pta prices in 16 and 17 years triggered a significant improvement in the profits of the bopet film. The country’s bopet film industry has experienced an annual productivity increase of only 9%, 10%, and 3%, and has seen a marked improvement in the sector’s earnings since 2018, after adjustment.
Driven by a sharp increase in pta prices, the price of the bopet film has been rising. The latest 12-metre membrane offer reached $16,000 per ton, which is close to a 100% increase in the same year.
At present, the company will benefit fully from the current industry landscape. Figure 32: Bopet membrane capacity and speed of increase. Figure 33: Bopet price trends
4. The refining project has four main advantages as performance flashpoints: 4.1 Strength One: Integration synergies reduce costs Refining integration refers to production patterns combined with crude oil refining and pyrocephalic fission production chemicals. Stemmification is complete.
Upstream refining to the overall and optimal layout of downstream chemical products is more advantageous in terms of fixed investment, combined energy consumption, product grouping, etc. than in traditional small-scale oil refineries. Locations are supported by transportation facilities.
In the Liaodong Peninsula, facing the Bay, there is a strong geographical advantage. • Alongside Dalian Harbour, the most important integrated foreign trade port in the north-east; Qin Island, the world's largest energy export port, an important hub for our “North Coal South” corridor.
The island is connected to the land - natural and unfrozen ports, well-developed railways, road networks, good port routes and cannings.
Px and pta are adjacent to each other, and there are cost savings in the transportation of the tube halls. The Px annual production capacity of the Helium Smelting Integration Project is located in the park, where there are significant synergies in upstream/downstream production.
The import of px contains tariffs of 2% and fees of US$ 20/tonne for onshore transportation, which alone will cost more than $900 million per year.
The cost of handling tons of cargo in the industry is $15-20, and the chemical products are relatively high.
After that, large-scale imports of raw materials into and out of the port will save 700 million yuan in logistics costs. Electricity and steam will supply themselves.
RMB/degree, while the cost of generating electricity from the power-based thermal power plant is only 0.3 yuan/degree. Based on 2.1 billion degrees per year, the cost of purchasing electricity is over $700 million.
The main installations of the Helium Project include 20 million tons of constant depressure and 11.5 million tons of heavy oil plus hydrogen (hydrogen-containing diesel, wax and boiling-bed oil-added devices), 3 3.2 million tons of recombinant units, 2 2.25 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, and 1.3 million tons of mixed dehydration units, all of which have the most advanced and mature application packages in the world.
Source of Eastern wealth and wisdom 4.2.1 Boiling bed plus hydrogen fission technology
After a constant decompression distillation of heavy crude oil, the residual depressure slag oil is about 20% of crude oil. Maximizing the use of this 20% is the key to the refinery’s profit margin.
Online substitution is well suited to deal with materials with higher metal content. Hydrogen can be used to treat the world’s heavy crude oils, the worst crude oils, tar sand, shale oils, and even solvent-friendly slurry.
Medium crude oil and 2 million tons of marin crude oil. According to data from the Economic Evaluation Parameters for China Petroleum and Gas Consortium’s Construction Projects, the price of crude oil equivalent to raw materials at different Brent crude oil prices is about $281 per ton more expensive than that of light oil in Iran, with a clear cost advantage.
In the past, the slag oil was used only to produce low-value-added asphalt and coke, while the only way to convert the slag into light-quality oils would avoid producing coke was to increase the hydrogenization process. The constant use of advanced axens refining processes for hydrogenification of slag oils would increase the rate of return on light oils and produce higher value-added products.
There are currently three types of slag oil plus hydrogen industrialization in the world. The boiling bed plus hydrogen is the most difficult of these, but the slag oils are the most transformed and the most successful.
The conventional refining process, which received only 13 per cent of the scerebral oil, increased the constant process significantly to 45 per cent and, in the absence of any change in crude oil processing, allowed for the basic self-sufficiency of the scerebral oil and addressed the problem of the external purchase of scerebral oil bottlenecks. 4.2.2 Long process production of px is highly profitable.
The px, made from crude oil, also needs to go through the intermediate stages of quartz oil and mx. In each section of the processing process, the manufacturer will earn a lot of profits. So the longer the processing process, the more profits the firm will get, the more the East will be rich and resourceful.
The domestic px processing industry, mainly outside of the country, purchases petrocephalus for raw materials, some of which use fuel oil and condensate as feedstocks. The constant capacity 4.5 million tons/year px project uses crude oil for raw materials, with the longest process. According to our calculations, the single ton of Maori that produces permanent px would be $80-100 higher than that of traditional refining companies.
4.2.3 The design capability of the total hydrogen-added domestic refinery is at the first-class level in the country. The processing capacity represents the technical complexity of the refinery and the ability to process the product further.
Preparation of 240,000 tons of pure hydrogen. Added to the scale of hydrogen recovery of 730,000 m3/hours of psa installations, annual recycling of 520,000 tons of pure hydrogen, far ahead of other refineries. nwasburgey
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is the advantage of the cost of coal-based hydrogen. Based on industry-related estimates, the cost of scale-based hydrogen is around 0.8 yuan/m3, compared to 2 yuan/m3 of gas-based hydrogen and electrolytic hydrogen, with a significant cost advantage.
The cost of acetic acid produced by coal-fired hydrogen is also well below the market price level for acetic acid.
Tons/years and 600,000 tons/years of methanol. The price of acetic acid from the Hualu Heungl in June this year amounted to $545 per ton, nearly double the average in 2016. An adequate combination of hemospheric petrochemical ingredients would significantly reduce the overall cost of a refinery and its downstream production capacity.
The process of approving and approving projects is lengthy and slow and vulnerable to public reaction.
The only projects that are actually in the construction phase and are close to production are the Great Longsoon Project, the Zhejiangzhou Project, and the China Sea Oil State Refinement Project II, in which Huezhou's second phase of refining is the new project, where constant refining is progressing the most rapidly.
By the end of December 2015, the installation equipment has now reached its full capacity in the first quarter of the year and is expected to start at 80% throughout the year.
Figure 40: Highlights of engineering progress on the Hemolysification Project: The sooner the project comes into production, the better it will be able to enjoy the current tropical polyester chain. Currently, there is a shortage of oil and px in the country, and prices are high. 4.5 million tonnes/year px capacity is expected to contribute nearly $4 billion a year, the sooner it will be able to do so.
The sooner we get into production, the sooner we get it, the sooner we get into production, the better way to take over the distribution channels for the finished oil. Figure 41: Stereochemical state-of-the-art 4.4 advantage four: The Ethylene Project is the last puzzle to refine integration.
In order to take full advantage of the by-products of the refining project, the maximum capacity to utilize the benefits of refining integration has been to plan for the construction of 1.5 million tons of ethylene per year in Dalian Changing Island Industrial Park.
The Ethylene project will generate substantial profits for the company. The project is expected to run successfully by the end of 2019.
Under the US$ 50 price system, the internal rate of return on project investments (after income tax) will also reach 29.18 per cent. 5. In order to measure the profitability of constant refining, we selected the China Petroleum and Gas Corporation.
The price levels of Brent crude oil raw materials and major refined products at $40, 60, 80, and 100 were used as a reference in the system of the Economic Assessment Parameters. A profit forecast was made at current oil and product price levels. Some of the key assumptions of the profitability projection model are as follows:
• The cost of imported crude oil is as explained above; the main sales price of chemical products was selected for sale at market prices in the East China region at a cost of 0.5 per cent; the repair rate for installations was 3 per cent.
The average salary per person is calculated on the basis of the market of $150,000, the total duration of the project is three years, 15 years of production, and the residual value of the equipment is 3 per cent.
Value added tax (VAT) is calculated at 12 per cent for water, liquefied gas and natural gas and 16 per cent for other products, raw materials, utilities.
Long-term loans and short-term borrowing rates of 4.9% and 4.35%, respectively.
5.1 The most profitable at current oil price levels is that we calculate the profit range of the constant refining projects at $6,012 billion, based on the corresponding product prices at different crude oil prices. Even with higher oil prices leading to higher production costs, net profits remain above $6 billion.
At the Brent crude oil prices of $40, 60, 80, 100 dollars, the constant refining project had a one-ton oil gain of 426, 518, 552 and 329 dollars, respectively. The project was profitable under the middle oil price.
At this year’s average crude oil price (Brent oil of $71.43 per barrel), the project’s average annual net profit could be $11.4 billion. At the higher crude-oil price level, the project’s return fell as the cost of production rose significantly.
With more than US$ 130 per barrel, the country’s control of the price of finished oil will further reduce production profits. At about that point, the start-up rate will need to rise to over 38%. 5.2 Actively expand the distribution channels for finished oils and refine the central profit centre to close to $10 billion
The company is actively expanding its sales channels for finished oils. The sale of finished oils will not be problematic on the basis of an oil and petrochemical marketing platform.
The company is working with China Oil and China Oil to build oil storage tanks in Jiangsu. If an agreement is reached, and the sale price of the finished oil will be reduced by around $300/t, the refining project’s average annual profit centre will be between $8 billion and $10 billion.
The company has completed its application for a quota for the export of finished oils, which is expected to be exported in 2019 for more than 5 million tons of finished oil.
Analysis of project uncertainties also shows that prices of products and raw materials have a greater impact on project profitability. In practical terms, prices of crude oil raw materials and petrochemicals tend to change in the same direction, at 5%.
At this rate, the internal rate of return on the project’s finances fluctuates between 21 and 24 per cent.
The project’s income tax and value-added tax (VAT) have been returned in full for the first four years and in half for the next six years. On the basis of the profit estimates at the previous oil price level, the tax return benefit for the first four years is more than $4 billion, and for the next six years it will be possible.
The company is the leader of the long silk industry and completes the whole chain integration of crude oil, aromatic hydrocarbons, pta, polyesters, silk.
The layout opens the way for industrial synergies and growth. Since 2017, the recovery of the downstream textile and clothing industry has led to a rise in the silhouette landscape, with company differentiation, and high-end civil-service silhouette products benefiting fully.
Substream polyester demand is strong and pta has had limited new capacity in the last two years. Pta prices and price differentials are rising, driven by both supply and demand. The company owns 6.6 million tons of pta equity, ranking first among all private enterprises.
It is expected that the project will result in a net annual profit of $9 billion to $10 billion, and that the company’s performance will increase significantly. And the company’s refining integration project will enjoy synergies, technological advantages, and priority investment advantages, with market competitive advantages.
The price of crude oil fluctuates significantly, production capacity does not materialize as expected, and the industry has a low-intensity intervention period.
M.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, two years of experience in chemical engineering, starting in October 2015 in the basic chemical industry.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Cinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, cfa holder, three years of experience in chemical engineering. Many international leading academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, and more than 10 papers from leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, LL.M. in Chemical Engineering, Talsa University, United States of America, four years of experience in chemical engineering overseas, joined Dong-hing, Xu Kullen, May 2018. Benko and M.A. were both in the Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, formerly at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three years of experience in chemical technology development and management.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.