Incident: On the evening of 30 August, the Postal Bank disclosed that in 2023h it realized operating income.
At the end of the month, the Bank ' s assets totalled 15.12 trillion yuan, an increase of 15.6 per cent over the same period, of which corporate loans totalled 3.07 trillion yuan, an increase of 22 per cent over the same period, mainly in high-end manufacturing, emerging industries, small micro-finance, etc.; at the retail level, the Bank ' s general letter to farmers, its focus on rural credit, etc.
Finance, with personal microloans of 1.32 trillion yuan, an increase of 22.6% over the same year, supports the growth of retail loans. The Reserve Bank’s annual focus on the “Three Agricultures” service system, with the agricultural-related loan balance exceeding 2 trillion yuan, an increase of $23,296.4 billion compared to the end of the previous year, up from the same period in previous years; and the balance of inclusive microloans of 135 trillion yuan.
Q2 net profit ring up, clear of one-off elements of the net financial transformation, with a sharp gain in transaction costs of $1 billion, 1.8 per cent more than the previous year, mainly due to financial drag and a net value transformation of the financial business.
The one-time impact of Wang Qing Dynasty has been a 24.17% increase in net revenue from the year to year, which is still strong. The difference ring q1 has dropped by 1 bp, and the cost of the debt is down again.
At 2.08 per cent, asset-end earnings continued their downward trend compared to the 19bp down in the same period last year, mainly in the context of economic environmental stress, with the first half of the year having a lower yield of 28bp to 8bp down in the same period, to some extent mitigating the impact of the downside interest rate on loans.
At the end of June, the rate was 0.81%, at the end of June q1 and at the end of last year, it was 1 bp and 3 bp, respectively, with a negative loan generation rate of 0.78%, and the group was set to increase the price of 45 billion yuan, all of which was used to supplement core-level capital and support expansion.
At the end of June, the core-level capital adequacy rate of the Postal Bank was 9.42 per cent, an increase of 0.06 pct from the end of the previous year.
Sinda Securities Inc. is very good, and has excellent storage skills.
\triangleright 5:q2 single season net interest income contribution (millions of yuan)
Figure 6: q2 single-quarter net revenue from handling fees over the same period of decline (millions of yuan) Figure 7: q2 single-quarter net profit growth loops down slightly (billions) yoy (right axis)
Figure 9: q2 loans and more new loans (millions of dollars) Figure 10: Decline in poor rates and increase in concern (billions) Figure 11: Sustained recovery in provisioned coverage
Figure 12: The bottom line of capital adequacy at the core level covers mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance management, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments.
Liao Chiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as a course of study at the Royal College of Honour and Financial Science.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-China Portfolio Research and Development Centre. Part of it is unsatisfied, unsatisfied, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.