Poster Bank incident: 28 August, the Poster Bank published the 2023 semi-annual report, 1h23 was collected and pre-positioned
The Reserve Bank is located at the service of the Three Farmers, urban and rural residents and small and medium-sized enterprises, with a deficit of 381.28 per cent and a negative rate of 0.81 per cent.
In the first half of the year, there was a shift to a new retail bank with zero connection and efficient operations. The bank owns the bank.
+2.0%. Large retail commercial banks are China’s leading, mainly as a result of the relatively rapid growth in size, the narrow decline in net interest differentials, and the equal quality and significant growth potential of their assets.
+2.3 per cent net non-interest income +0.9 per cent, of which net fee income +1.8 per cent is the same, with promising strategic opportunities in the industry, the Bank will deepen its approach to new developments, deepen reforms and innovations, and accelerate progress towards “specialization and integration”
Value change gains/losses are delayed. At the same level of asset quality and adequate provision, the provision for anti-breathing profit convergence, lightening, digitization, intensification has been transformed into a larger one, with net profits growing at a steady rate equal to the q1 rate of 5.2 per cent.
Continue to improve the economic performance of the service entities, invest in the ability of service clients to build trust, distinctiveness and soundness of their clients.
Gross, innovation-driven, high-value, large-scale retail commercial silver revenues have improved as a result of a stable and steady increase in net income spreads. The book value of fees and commissions has fallen by 24.7% over the same period.
Impact, after elimination of the median yield ratio + 24.2%, maintaining double-digit growth. q2 credit impairment loss retail lending was better than in the same period last year. Of this, public loans were mainly invested in infrastructure (four major industries), circulation b/h (ten thousand shares)
The net difference has decreased slightly, by less than comparable counterparts. The first half of the year was 2.08 per cent, with the ring q1 falling by only 1 bp, and by less than 1 bp; it fell by 12 bp over the 22-year period, less than the comparable large flats.
Average. Lower interest differentials, mainly asset-end rate of return, are higher than the cost of the liability improvement. 1 down 7bp, lower deposit cost is due mainly to lower interest rates on deposit, which drive high-cost deposits, lower interest rates, and positive value-balancing relationships in companies, with better cost-control capabilities for liabilities.
At the end of June, the negative rate was 0.81% and the ring was down by 1 bp;
A 5bp drop in the ring margin; provision of security mats with profit-free space. tianxy@dxzq.net.cn investment proposal: retail features are strong, accelerated transition upgrades are accelerated.
S14805070003 model, with close to 40,000 outlets, leading in number and deep down, provides a solid customer base and a liability advantage. Under the five different growth strategies, companies are deep-growing in the three agricultural markets and small and medium-sized micro-enterprises.
Industry, faster lending in the context of insufficient demand for effective credit: accelerated transition upgrading, structural excellence, and relatively stable levels of net interest differentials. On a stronger client base, with the upgrading of wealth management systems, it is expected to lead to steady growth.
In the second half of 2023 pb, we continue to watch as the Postal Bank continues to grow in large businesses and maintain a “strong push.”
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the east: Figure 6: Reduction of the PBRD basket of coverage by 0.2 pct to 381.3 per cent by the end of June. Figure 7: Reduction of the PBN ring by 1 bp to 0.81 per cent by the end of June
The Eastern Bank (601658): The balance of interest is stable, the bright eye of growth is removed from the one-time impact, the source of the East's rich and bright.
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.