Chang An (000625.sz): Not a bad season, not a bad one, not a bad one, not a bad one since the main brand resumed in July, new energy sales were showing off, Chang An (000625).
In July, the Chang An vehicle produced 20 million vehicles, corresponding to +11 per cent, ring to 2 per cent, and cumulatively produced in January-July 1327,000 vehicles, corresponding to 4 per cent.
Luk Ka Min's policy led to a slow season in the sale of cars in July, bringing about a total of 201,000 vehicles, i.e. + 13%, ring 3%. According to FMC data, 2165 million vehicles were sold across the country in July in a wide range of vehicles, i.e., the same number.
+40%, ring ratio - 2%, 12,492,000 in January-July, wholesale sale + 8.3% in the same year; corporate brands are sold up in July, the share of autonomous cars is higher, and new sources of energy + higher overseas. \triangleright, for autonomous branding, \triangleright
Autonomous brands sold 159,000 vehicles in July, corresponding to +19 per cent in the same year, and cumulatively sold 1059,000 vehicles in the month of January-July, corresponding to 4 per cent in the same year; of those, 758,000 vehicles were sold in the same year, with a slightly better performance than the company. Total sales were 6.3 per cent in the market for passenger cars, compared to the same period last year + 0.2 ptt; Autonomous Sea
123,000 vehicles sold abroad, +66 per cent; 23,000 vehicles sold in July, +84 per cent in July, and 108,000 in January/July, + 116 per cent in January/July. For joint ventures, 24,000 vehicles sold in July by Long Anford, + 9 per cent in January/July, 136,000 vehicles sold cumulatively in January/July, + 7 per cent in Long Anjota.
In July, 0.8 million vehicles were sold, compared to 20 per cent in the same year, and 72,000 vehicles were sold cumulatively in the month of January-July, compared to +2 per cent in the same year. 11 + Deep Blue 03 + Lumin were fully covered by the low end market in high schools in Aveta. 1) Aveta 11: 3 pure electric motor vehicles were officially released on August 8, respectively.
Thirty-five, thirty-seven, four hundred and forty-one thousand dollars, Aveta 11 running under the banner of the Chen platform, co-built by Chang An, Hua, and Ningde, with a wealth of intelligent configurations that allow consumers to feel uniquely emotional.
On July 25th, Dark Blue Sl03 officially released four versions of the model, 1,200 incremental, 515 pure electric, 705 pure electric, 730 hydrogen electric, 16.89 to 699,000 dollars in sales, with a cool lookout, the techno-plus-extreme price plus-up program to ease the leeway anxiety, and deep bluesl03 won a massive elimination.
Costers like it, we expect to start delivery officially in August, with steady-state annual sales at 15-20 million. 3) Lumin: As a national-grade primer, it's been very popular from the very beginning of the market. According to the owner's household data, it's 160 and 1707, respectively, in June.
The sales are expected to continue on the slopes against the indicator Mitsubishi macromini.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Corporate Autonomous Branding and New Energy and Overseas Sales \triangleright \Triangleright
The volume has been rising, and with the gradual release of Lumin and the start of delivery of Dark Blue Sl03 and Aveta 11, the company is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the second half of the year. We expect that the company’s risk factors are: lower than expected in terms of vehicle sales, higher risks in terms of industry competition, price volatility in raw materials.
\triangleright Figure 1: Total monthly sales (vehicles) and accelerations of Chang An vehicles
Figure 3: Monthly sales (vehicles) and speed of increase for Fatty Chang, Figure 4: Monthly sales (vehicles) and speed of increase for Hebei, Figure 5: Monthly sales (vehicles) and speed of increase for Chang Anfort
Figure 6: Long-Amada monthly sales (car) and speed increase of four team core members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry are good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Automobile industry chains are fully covered, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, etc.
Cao Zijie, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering, among other things, smart cars, car networks, and new developments in car construction, has not been and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.