Significant increases in sales, rapid landing of new energy strategies Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) and full restoration of brand sales and rapid increase in new energy sales.
With regard to autonomous brands, Chongqing and Fatty have achieved sales of 95,000 and 20,000 respectively, representing an increase of 43 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively, while the first half of the year saw sales of 900,000 and a fall of 4.6 per cent, respectively, of 27,000 and a 25 per cent increase, respectively, of the long Antford.
10,000 vehicles sold, a 3 per cent increase in the same year. In June, the company sold 18,000 new energy vehicles, a 33 per cent increase in the same year, and in the first half of the year, the company sold 85,000 new energy vehicles, a cumulative increase in prices compared to 300 per cent.
With the gradual recovery of the supply chain system, the corporate sales ring ratio continues to improve. The new energy source is growing, reaching its peak in the second half of the year.
At the same time, the company is expected to achieve rapid growth in the new energy sector in 2022, and now the company has completed a brand-style branding of the new energy market. In the middle-to-high-end smart electricization field, the company Aveta brands have brought together Chang An.
In the area of small cars, companies are investing in the development of a national limousine, and in the future they are planning to launch four brands of brand new products, which will be rolled out in lumin in 2022. In the mainstream car market, companies have introduced a brand of brands with new numbers and electricity that are long and blue.
To plan for five models, of which sl03 and c673 will be rolled out in 2022, fully supporting vehicle sales below expectations; new models will be on the market at less than expected risk.
Quantified Quantities, New Energy and Automobile Research Group: Coverage of the Electric New and Automobile Industries
The data and information used in the present report, which is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, are from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.