Chang An (000625.sz): Second quarter performance is within target period, waiting for the second half of the year for new energy vehicle use Incident: 15 July, corporate disclosure of semi-annual performance forecast 2022, expected to be returned in the first half of 2022
Luk Ka-min, 7 per cent less than the same year, of which Chang An autonomously sold 629,000 vehicles, 5 per cent less than the same year, and 85,000 new autonomous energy vehicles, +12 per cent more than the same year; and 113,000 sold by Anfort, a joint venture brand.
The high growth in the performance of the 22h1 company was mainly due to: (a) continued upwards of the company ' s brand, continued optimization of the product structure and continued increase in the profitability of the autonomous brand; and (b) continued decline in raw material prices and a gradual reduction in chip shortages.
The q2 company sold 472,000 vehicles, 19 per cent less than \triangleright; 52,000 of them, 8 per cent less than in the same year, and 21,000 of them, respectively.
Deep blue sl03+Avita will open the New Energy Year, and the acquisition tax policy will drive overall sales upwards. Looking ahead, new smart electric models like Deep blue sl03 and Avita 11 will be on the market in the second half of the year.
First delivery: At the same time, the company’s fuel vehicle base plate will continue to benefit from a favourable acquisition tax policy and is expected to achieve an overall upward trend. Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company performed well in the first half of the year and the fuel vehicle in the second half of the year benefited from the purchase
The policy of tax incentives is expected to be sustained; new models, such as Deep Blue Sl03+Aveta 11, should be marketed 20 times, 15 times and 11 times, respectively. Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, shortage of chip supplies, less than expected outbreak mitigation, sale of models
"Sinda Cars: Chang An's New Energy Breakout, Deep Blue, Aveta Helper, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Four years of research and research in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities.
The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the CSRC-resumed equity advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.