Chang-Ann (000625.sz): Three arrows in the deep blue + Avita + Lumin and upward of the Help-Ann brand incident: corporate disclosure of semi-annual performance report 2022 on 31 August, company 1 realization camp 2022
Land Kamin q2 received $21,998 million, or 11.15 per cent of the total; mother ' s net profit was $1,321 million, compared to Cao Zixie ' s Vehicle Industry Research Assistant
Practice No.: s15001220700113 Addressing the adverse effects of the epidemic, supply chain disturbances, and good performance of autonomous new energy sources and overseas sales. Companies cumulatively sold 1327,000 vehicles in January-July, i.e. 3.78% of vehicles;
During the same period last year, +0.2 pct; cumulative sales of 108,000 new autonomous energy sources, i.e. 116% of the year; autonomous sales abroad, i.e. 123,000 vehicles, i.e. + 66% of the year.
New upwards”, 7 new and alternative products of the second generation of cs75plus, uni-kiddd, uni-v, Oshanz6 and Chang Anlumin were listed in the first half of the year, falling below the price of bulk commodities such as stacked copper and aluminium, 19.8 per cent of which was sold by h1 in 2022 and +4.5 ptt, ring +3.2 pt
On a solid technological basis, we believe that companies are expected to continue to be highly profitable in the future, emerging from autonomous brands. Deep blue + avita +lumin, with electric transformations beginning to bear fruit.
The Lümin, Dark Blue Sl03, Aveta 11 pure electrical products, covering low-middle and high-end areas. The Lümin model sold 160, 1707, 7412 vehicles in May-July, with continuous capacity climbs, and the Dark Blue Sl03 was delivered at the end of August, with orders over 40,000; we expect them to be sold in May-July.
Avita 11 was delivered in December, and by the end of August, 20,000 orders had passed. We believe that Deep Blue+Avita+Lumin demonstrated the determination and ability to move to a long-term electro-dynamic transition with the prospect of future ownership of Sinda Securities.
Continue to benefit from opportunities to upgrade the automobile industry in the context of the electric wave.cindasecuritiesco.,ltd Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: As a core subject in the area of automobiles, Changyan will continue to benefit from 1
Building No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing, where brands have increased sales and profitability, 2 valuations from electric transitions, profitability + valuation resonance, and Chang An's car is expected to hit Davis twice. We expect the company to hit Davids twice.
Risk factors: lower than expected volume of automobile sales, increased competition in industry, price volatility of raw materials, etc. \triangleright Figure 2: Net profit from corporate ownership
Figure 3: Quarterly Corporate Collections / Year-on-Year Growth Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates for Companies Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates for Companies
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Automobile industry, full coverage, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
Which components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.