Summary of events: On 8 July 2022, the Chang An vehicle released its June sales data, and vehicle output was 20.48 \triangleright.
Autonomy: Production and sales are rising rapidly, and policy incentives are expected to boost sales. 123,000 vehicles were sold in June by Chongqing + \triangleright + Fatty and Fatty, compared to 34.2%/ring ratio + 38.8% and cumulative sales in January/June
617,000 vehicles, or 12.06 per cent of the total. The same ring sales of the autonomous brands improved significantly in June, and they were shown to be essentially the same as the industry as a whole (according to the Federation ' s data, the bulk of vehicles in June was equal to +41.3 per cent/ring ratio +37.4 per cent), a significant improvement over the previous period.
In the case of new cars, three power-type versions, such as Oshanz6 blending, are expected to increase the competitiveness of the compact suv market. In June, a policy was introduced to halve the purchase tax, which is currently under the banner of the Chest Cars Cs series, the Fugitive Series, the Oshan series and the Star Cars un series all conform to the acquisition tax deductions.
As the epidemic picks up, the company’s supply chain problems are gradually returning to normal, and the acquisition tax credit is expected to boost firm sales steadily. Joint ventures: Ford, Majeda, sales are up on the same scale, new cars are going up.
\triangleright has a cumulative sales volume of 64,000 vehicles with a total of +5.51%. On the new car, Long Amada is on the market for the new cx-5 and Governor Anfort's new explorer has opened a pre-sale; in June, the new Fox is on the market for the Chongqing car and is entitled to acquisition tax deductions.
Half-policies. Mondio and Lincolnz, listed in March and April, have increased their sales due to the impact of the epidemic, but with the advantage of power performance and body size, the two models are expected to be released quickly after the outbreak resumes. The continued use of the new models is expected to lead to an increase in the sales of joint ventures.
The product matrix continues to improve, and electricization accelerates down. In April, the Chang An Car Global Partners Conference was held, and the new energy brand was named "Long and Deep Blue" and the company planned to achieve a target of 4 million sales by 2025, with new energy sales accounting for 35%.
In view of the speed with which Lumin was listed, the order was over 30,000 vehicles by the end of June; Sl03 was ready for sale in Chongqing, c673 was expected to be on the market in the second half of the year, with a high end based on the Chn platform, Aveta11 officially on August 8, and the company was accelerating the launch of the Blue whale idd.
The U-kidd, Oshanz6id, is now on the market and is expected to be launched in the second half of this year.
Review: Deep blue + Avita accelerated electric transformation, joint ventures, fast-paced energy product matrices, which are expected to be a central driver of future growth in corporate sales. Investment proposal: take into account that companies will benefit fully from industrial policy, and value the company’s ownership of branding for profit
Long An (000625.sz) 2021 Annual Report and 3. Long An (000625), February Quick Notice: Speed up, medium- and long-term logic clarity and maintenance of a “recommended” rating.
The demand is going to keep going to stock and the electric intelligence is going up fast. \triangleright 4. Chang An (000625) January:
In 2022, there was a boom in electric intelligence, a continuous upswing in the cycle of electro-intelligent assistive vehicles, a study of methodology and analytical logic, an independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.