Melting securities newtimesecrities with electrical intelligence and high-end breakthroughs.
The Great Wall is China’s largest suv manufacturing enterprise. At present, it has four brands: the Great Wall, Hafer, Wey, and Eura, which cover the product categories of suv, sedans, and pickups.
It is expected to be completed by the end of 2019, with a projected capacity of 250,000.
And the luxury brand Wey series vv7, vv5. When the new model was put on the market, it gained widespread consumer approval, helped improve the structure of companies and recovered profitability, and helped to further consolidate the suv market leadership of the Great Wall. In 2018, more heavy-pound models were expected.
• New energy and intelligent driving have developed in tandem: while deep-deeping traditional markets, the Great Wall cars are also active in the development of new energy vehicles, smart motor vehicles. Signing a letter of intent with BMW to gain 25% of Hebei's equity in the form of a capital build-up.
In terms of smart driving, the Great Wall vehicle officially launched the "i-pilot smart pilot" automated driving system in 2017 and plans to take the lead in loading the i-pilot 1.0 system on the Wey brand model.
The U.S. sael3+ level autopilots are also working strategically with Boss, Del Fu, Risa, and Pedu, respectively, to actively upgrade key smart driving technologies and layouts. • Take a good look at the steady upturn in corporate performance, covering the first time that a `recommended' rating is given:
The company’s performance was at its bottom in 2017, influenced by a number of factors. We expect that, as the structure of the company’s products continues to move upwards, Wey’s brand will become dynamic, the drivers of performance growth will change from 2018 onward, and the company will enter the “post-Hafoh6 era” to see this year’s harvest and the large increase in Maori levels.
The Great Wall car is China's largest suv manufacturing enterprise. Currently, it has the Great Wall, Haver, Wey, Wey.
Ora has four brands, covering the production and supply of suv, sedans, pickups, and related major car parts and components. By focusing on the suv group, the company operates an innovative product line, with a comprehensive layout of the suv market, meeting the needs of different customers, creating a segmented market lead, and consolidating the company’s position in the suv market.
Figure 1: Three major brands under the Great Wall's car flag are currently owned by the company's two main production bases, including Xu Shui, Tianjin. Of these, Tianjin's cars and zero items have been fully produced, providing adequate capacity for the company.
Already operational, the Xuquantal plant is equipped with more automated and intelligent equipment that can improve product accuracy and production beats and provide reliable production guarantees for the subsequent release of new products. In 2017, the construction of the main plant in the Russian factory Tula was substantially completed and is expected to be completed in 2019, with an expected capacity of 80,000 vehicles.
In March 2018, the Chongqing Youngcheon Production Base was officially built, the first of its kind in the south, and is expected to be completed by the end of 2019, producing 250,000 vehicles a year, mainly luxury pickups and h9 vehicles.
In addition to this, the company's life is based on automobile products.
In 2014, the company set up the Great Wall Silver Finance Company, based on the traditional personal loan and dealer inventory financing services, enriched its business products, and expanded its channels to meet the needs of different customers.
At the same time, companies are also exploring other post-car market operations, such as car insurance brokers, car fine items, car rentals, second-hand car operations, car scrap recycling, shared travel services, etc. Corporate revenue has been growing for many years.
The significant weakening of power was due mainly to the following factors: the sale of a total of 2.4718 million passenger vehicles in 2017 in the country, with greater pressure on companies to increase their sales concessions, affecting income and Māori ratios; and the introduction in 2017 of an overpound model, with higher advertising costs and higher R&D costs than in the same period last year.
Figure 3: Corporate business income from the calendar year, 17 years, four quarters of which began a gradual recovery in corporate profitability, achieved a revenue of $37.74 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 7.3 per cent over the same period, achieved a net return of $2.15 billion, a decrease of 35.7 per cent over the previous two.
Quarterly narrowness (79.7 per cent and 81.4 per cent, respectively, for the first two quarters): o4 single-quarter sales of the full fleet of 36.5,000 vehicles showed a slight decline, but the ring increased by 49.0 per cent over the same period, with an average single-car sale price of $103,000, an increase of 12.6 per cent and 14.4 per cent, respectively; and a net one-car gain of $0.59 million, a decrease of 32 per cent over the same period, but a significant increase in the ring.
During the first quarter of 18 years, the company realized 26,573 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of 2,081 million yuan to the mother, representing an increase of 13.95 per cent and 6.46 per cent, respectively; q1 sales of 257,000 full vehicles, an increase of 0.97 per cent, and an increase of 5.19 per cent and 37.29 per cent on average.
Retrenchment, the application of autonomous dct gearbox, and the continued increase in sales of the luxury suv “wey” series are expected to result in a further increase in car profits and a recovery in the Māori rate, which will lead to improved corporate profitability. The introduction of the multi-car model in 2018 will also further enrich the company’s product lines, improve product structures, and help companies.
Figure 5: Corporate income from a single season 1.2, insistence on overinvestment in R & D and continuous improvement in the self-contained ratio
In terms of R & D facilities, the Harford Technology Centre is one of the largest, technologically leading, international-class full-car R & D centres with five functional areas for R & D, testing, testing, modelling, and data, which achieves the R & D layout of the entire vehicle and its parts and components.
The R & D layout, which will continue to enrich the global R & D expansion in the future, will provide internationally competitive products for research and development, and in parts and components procurement, companies will aim to build an international-class supply chain to manage core spare parts resources through strategies such as strategic collaboration with internationally known branding suppliers.
A unique resource advantage is created by the self-manufacturing of products such as engines, transformers, chassis, appliances, interior and interior accessories, and molds, which have reached 50 to 60 per cent self-sustainability; and by long-term strategic partnerships with leading international suppliers such as Bo, Ceefu (zf), Otolive and Bogwala, whose resources are fully utilized.
It's an advantage to build innovative and leading domestic and international automobile products. At present, the company's multi-car model is matching the autonomous 7ddc automatic transformer, which will significantly reduce the cost and automatic transmission supply risk, single-car net profit, the Great Wall 7dct transformer.
2. In keeping with the emphasis on product upgrading driven by innovation, 2.1. The demand for automobile consumption is still huge, and the statistics of the Chinese Auto Industry Association show a slight increase in automobile sales in 2017.
A total of 29,015 and 28,879,000 vehicles, respectively, grew by 3.19 per cent and 3.04 per cent over the same period, with the largest sales volume worldwide for nine consecutive years. 24,807,000 and 247.18 million vehicles, respectively, were delivered by car, representing an increase of 1.6 per cent and 1.4 per cent, respectively, a significant decline. The suv product category continued to grow at a relatively high rate, with the volume of production falling, respectively.
In the future, our economy will continue to grow steadily, with a further increase in urbanization and improved infrastructure. At the same time, an increase in disposable per capita income will drive further growth in car consumption, which will be needed for the country’s potential car consumption.
The demand is still huge, and we believe that the sales of suv will continue to grow at a higher rate, and that it will continue to be the main source of growth in demand in the car market. The suv is still the country’s favorite model for years.
Figure 10: Global car holdings, our car holdings, figure 12: Our sales of suv in the calendar year and increase in speed
We've been driving cars and increasing speeds over the years. Suv penetration continues to rise. 2.2, product structure continues to upgrade, wey continues to climb.
In 2017, the company sold 1,061,000 vehicles, down by 0.8 per cent from the same year, and the industry by 4.4 per cent, while the company sold 924,000 vehicles, down by 1 per cent from the same year, maintaining its leading position in the market. During the year, in the face of challenges such as a competitive market environment and the restructuring of the company’s product cycle, the Great Wall vehicle was active in new production.
In January-April 2018, company-wide sales reached 338,000 vehicles, an increase of 3.39 per cent over the same period, and suv, a cumulative increase of 292,000 vehicles, an increase of 2.78 per cent over the same period.
With regard to the Great Wall ' s car sales and market ownership, the company, based on the Red Blue Mark strategy and product matrix plan, has taken the initiative to combinate the Haffer product structure, identify clearly the products and improve the quality of its sales; at the same time, the company is actively pursuing branding and marketing.
The number of successful end-of-life activities continued to increase the level of sales by establishing a system of channels for good internal competition. 852 thousand, or 12.79%, were sold in 2017 year-round, depending on such factors as inventory, product turnover, etc. Since the beginning of 2017, Huff has accumulated 236,000 vehicles in January-April.
According to the structure of the sale, all the models have slipped except for an increase in sales of h6 and h9. Of these, the total volume of H2 has dropped by 3.98 per cent, a significant decline of 60.98 per cent over the same period. This does not exclude the reason for the increase in consumption by potential customers in the market share of H2 since the launch of the market in March.
With a higher sales price than Haferh2, it would be more profitable for the Hafer brand to increase profits and restructure the product. Hapheh's cumulative sales for the first four months of 6 months were 16,000, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the previous month, and remained the backbone of the Great Wall's vehicle sales. At the Beijing Car Fair in 2018, the company launched the Hapheus 6 and the excess editions, in addition to the right ones.
In addition to the upgrade of appearances and interiors, the biggest change has been the addition of a number of active security configurations, including semi-self-applied parking systems, acc self-adaptation cruise systems, 360° circumspection systems, fcw pre-collidation early warning system plus aeb automatic brake systems. With the introduction of the new Haffah 6 luxury, super-abundant, etc., the Wall cars have not only gone further.
The enhanced product matrix will also attract the attention of more young consumers and become a new point for Haffah 6, which will help to improve the structure of the Liaf brand and restore profitability and promote further consolidation of the Huff brand’s leading position in the market. At the same time, with the growth of Haffah4 in future sales and the gradual reduction of h1 to represent the optimal restructuring of the internal product structure,
The level of profit will rise further.
Over the years, Huffh sales in June by type of Huff series (millions) have slowed significantly in demand-side consumption in recent years, a0 and accelerator suv sales, a0
Starting with the b-suv sales ratio, which had reached 20.05% by 2017, the luxurious brand wey was launched again to try a high-end breakthrough. During the year, the company took the lead in launching the vv7 (b-suv), vv5 (a-suv) model.
Attention, promote a rapid growth in the company’s luxury suv business. Two cars are priced between 150,000 and 200,000 blocks, with a total of more than 10,000 sales since November, and more than 80,000 during the year. There are also thousands of high-end cars, and sales are slowing down.
With optimisation and the introduction of models such as p8 and vv6, we expect the sales of Wey brands to rise to a new height in 2018, providing strong support for corporate profitability.
Weyvv sales in July Weyvv sales in May
Figure 25: Trends in the average price of bicycles and the profitability of bicycles over the years 2.3: steady expansion of the overseas market and significant growth in whole-car exports. In 2017, our autonomous branded automobile enterprise continued to improve the competitiveness of its products and speed up its deployment abroad.
As a result of the country's “one-way” policy and the improvement of the global economic situation, the volume of the country's entire vehicle exports has been on the rise, and according to IAAA statistics, the total number of vehicles exported during the year was 891,000, a 25.8 per cent increase.
At the same time, companies are actively integrating global niche resources, further strengthening R & D centres in Japan, India, Germany, the United States, Austria, and Korea, and becoming the first Chinese automobile company to enter the International Hydrogen Energy Commission to globalize R & D. Companies are actively expanding the Hover brand sales network in overseas markets, strengthening the sea.
Marketing subsidiaries in Russia, South Africa, and Australia are all functioning. Companies have introduced more Hover models in overseas markets in South America, Europe, Africa, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East, providing strong safeguards for the subsequent expansion of overseas markets.
The Wall's car exports and the speed with which they have increased, the Wall's vehicle exports are in proportion to the number of vehicles, and new energy and intelligent driving are developing together.
China’s automobile market is the most dynamic market in the world, but competition and fragmentation also continue to increase, and the pace of growth continues to slow, with cars launching new models to increase market share. At the same time, the automotive sector is undergoing a major transformation, with new energy sources and smart drivers as future trends in the automobile sector.
In 2017, nearly 800,000 new energy vehicles were sold, amounting to 794,000 and 777,000, respectively, representing an increase of 53.8 per cent and 53.3 per cent, respectively, and an increase of 0.9 percentage points. Of these, 666,000 and 652,000, respectively, were sold in pure electric vehicles.
Tens of thousands, a significant increase of 136% over the same period. The strong performance of the market in the past quarter is ample evidence of the positive trend in market-based demand.
phev ' s three technological architectures were developed and fcv was planned; the company launched its first electric hybrid p8 on 22 April, followed by other new energy models and further planning and refinement of the layout of the core components of the new energy vehicle, which will accelerate the development of new energy operations in the future.
3.1. Holding BMW hands, overall upgrading of new energy vehicle research and development capabilities. According to the letter of intent signed by the Great Wall and BMW, the two sides will form a joint venture, which will focus in the future mainly on the development, procurement, production and future technology of new energy vehicles; the Great Wall or its associates will be
BMW or its associates become minority shareholders for the majority of shareholders. BMW, for its part, has indicated that it is exploring in depth the establishment of a new joint venture in China, further promoting the development of the branded Mini. Considering that China has become the world’s largest electric vehicle market, the Mini’s pure electric vehicle production has become sustainable.
New-energy cars are a trend in the future, and the BMW has grown deep in new-energy cars for years. The BMW has multiple new-energy models, such as BMW8 and BMW3 and BMW7 are plugged in.
By 2025, the BMW will also provide 25 electric vehicles, of which 12 are pure electric. The Wall is running late on the new energy side, and the Wall is now selling only C30ev and Weyp8 vehicles.
This collaboration with BMW is an important feature of the Wall in terms of the development and electrification of new energy products, and with BMW in the area of new energy vehicles, the Wall is expected to build up new energy vehicle manufacturing experience, further upgrade the new energy vehicle research and development manufacturing and brand premium capabilities, and open up the domestic and international market for new energy vehicles.
In 2017, the company acquired 25% of Hebei's equity in the form of a capital build-up. The company's collaboration with Hebei's portfolio includes, but is not limited to, research and development of new energy technologies, manufacturing processes, supply of spare parts, pipeline building, branding and branding.
In addition, in 2017, the company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, ordered Pibaraminanals at a price of $0.50 per share.
Fifty-six million shares in new shares worth $28 million in transactions and sub-contracting rights for products from the Pilgangoora Lithium Mining Project. This offer will provide resources for the company’s new energy car industry chain, provide a good basis for improving profitability and sustainability, and play a positive role in the strategic development of the new energy vehicle strategy.
3.2 In 2017, the Great Wall vehicle officially launched the “i-pilot Smart Lead” Automated Drive, using a Chinese, American and Indian model of development.
More than 500,000 km of physical road tests have been conducted in the country; model cars based on "i-pilot 2.0" have been tested and tested for U.S.A. Unmanned Roads in Michigan. In 2020, the Great Wall Cars Program took the lead in carrying i-pilot1.0 systems on the Wey brand model, which allows US-sael 3+ level autopilots.
The Wall has been working strategically with Bo, Delfort, Risa, and other companies on various versions of smart driving. With the rapid growth of the Wall ' s cars in the market for the last two years, the Department has become more aware of the importance of technology and safety, including the Haver brand and wey under the flag.
Multiple vehicle models, including brands, have been equipped with active safety technology. Figure 29: Road map for the evolution of the Great Wall i-pilot system. Figure 30: Great Wall Vehicle Sensor Placement Programme
On March 30, the Great Wall car passed the test at the Xuhui test site, using an automatic remote-drive technology based on 5g, and its response was extended to milliseconds. Next, the Wall, China Movement and China will be working with the relevant departments of the Yuan New District Council to launch the closed test site, the rule-based test road, and the open test road.
A step-by-step test to provide a fuller scientific argument for automatic remote driving.
According to the intention, the two sides will work together in the following nuclear areas: the pilot pilot zone of the Motor Smart Network. The Great Wall vehicle will build a pilot pilot area of the network in the Xu Shui water district of Pao Ding City, with 100 degrees of participation and assistance in the development of a local auto drive.
Open roads test operating legislation and administrative rules. Joint research and development of an integrated solution for autopilot software and hardware.
The Great Wall and 100 degrees will jointly explore changes in the way it travels in the future, based on the Great Wall platform of auto powered cars providing users with safe, efficient and easy travel experiences. Big data, artificial intelligence, and car networking will work together. The Great Wall and 100 degrees will work together.
Harnessing artificial intelligence technologies to transform human lifestyles in the field of intelligent transport, building together a large data platform with the value of data collection, storage, analysis, and commercial applications, and building a new natural language interactive vehicle system. We believe that this powerful combination of efforts will make it possible for the two partners to complement each other in their respective areas of advantage.
It will help the Great Wall, a traditional car company, to gain a share in R & D and market expansion in the area of smart network cars, influenced by a number of factors that hit the bottom of the company ' s performance in 2017. We expect that as the structure of the company ' s products continues to move upwards, the Wey brand will be active, the drivers of performance growth will change from 2018 onwards, and the company will enter.
2) Increased incentive to compete in the car market; 3) less than expected sales of new vehicles; 4) less advanced than anticipated strategies for electricization and intelligence