Despite the slowdown in sales due to increased competition in the industry and the use of older models, suv sales continued to be the highest in the country, with a 9.1 per cent market share, with companies having full vehicle coverage and critical parts from their own sources.
At worst or in the past, medium- and long-term performance has been on the rise. In 2017, the growth rate in the car industry slowed, competition increased with the concentration of new cars by competitors, and companies promoted large-scale clean-up of manual blockage stocks.
The costs associated with the introduction of the new brand Wey were higher and net profits fell by 52.4 per cent, and the negative factors affecting net profits are being eliminated, and the volume of corporate sales has been able to increase positively (3.3 per cent in the period from 1 to 5 May), exceptionally low (470 million yuan and 460 million yuan, respectively), and there is still much room for growth in the future suv industry (reference).
In the US and our imported car market, the share of suv is expected to rise further from the current 41.5% to about 60.0%, as well as the increase in sales brought by the new high-end brand Wey, the turning point for medium- and long-term performance is coming. With the positive deployment of new energy sources and smart driving, the momentum is still strong.
With BMW-type weyp8 and others, working with BMW to build mini electric models, entering new energy vehicles to the north of the river, and entering the Lithium Mining Company in Australia to ease the current pressure on "double points" and hopefully leading by 2020. With regard to smart driving, the company's autonomous "i-pilot" autopilot system is expected to be 100%.
Deep integration of the apollo platform to speed up the commercialization process, with some autopilots (2020), highly autopilots (2023) and fully autopilots (2025) to be phased in in the future, has continued to grow strongly.
First, the country’s leading suv industry, with a clear lead, was founded in 1984 by the Great Wall Industries Corporation, which in 2001 was transformed into the Great Wall Motors Company.
The company started its home in a pick-up truck in Hong Kong in 2003 and in Hong Kong in 2011. The company gradually expanded to sedan and suv, and now has five brands: Huff (suv), Wey (suv), Wall (saloon), Fumi (Pika), Ora (pure electric car type, not yet listed on the market).
With regard to the layout of the domestic production base, there are currently three main production bases for the Great Wall: the guaranteed plant has 400,000 units, the Tianjin plant has 450,000 units, and the production capacity for the 1st and 2nd phases is 300,000 units. The company has about 1.15 million units, awaiting the completion of Xu Shui III, the Yongcheon plant, and the Russian factory, which is expected to achieve its full capacity.
1.49 million vehicles, some 29.57% higher than at present. As the company sets the 2020 target at 1.75 million, there is still a certain gap in its planned output-exclusion target, and it is expected that new production bases will be built in the future to supplement its capacity.
The company’s shares of $5.15 billion, or 56.04 per cent of the company’s total stock, are held by the City Asset Management Ltd. Wei Jianjuns are the real controllers, and the Great Wall’s subsidiaries, which involve parts and components manufacturing, automobile sales, automobile finance, etc., have reduced acquisition, production, and marketing costs through the entire industry chain layout, and have contributed to the company’s higher Māori rate than the industry in recent years.
The company focused on the suv model, capturing the rapid development of the segment in China, and achieved a year-long high growth in output and sales. In 2017, the company sold a total of 1.07 million vehicles, ranked third in autonomous brands, after Jili (1.247,000) and Chang An (10.97 million); 936,000 of them sold, with 9.1% in the domestic market.
From January to May 2018, the company sold 350,000 vehicles, or 8.3 per cent of the city, down from 2017, but it was still a domestic car company, first, higher than Gilly, Chang An, etc. Currently, the company ' s suv product is very comprehensive, with small, compact, medium-sized, medium-sized, large and medium-sized categories covered by the size of the vehicle, with a price range.
In technology research and development, companies insist on a strategy of “over-inputing,” with research and development spending totalling more than 15.7 billion yuan over the past five years.
On average, it exceeds 3 billion yuan a year and is ahead of the industry average. In 2017, the company spent 3,365 million yuan on R & D, accounting for 3.35 per cent of revenues, and 17,917 R & D personnel, accounting for 26.15 per cent of the total number of companies. The Wall has established overseas technology centres in six countries, including Japan, the United States, Germany, India, Austria, and Korea, with home-grown integrated vehicle testing sites and R & D, testing and testing.
The R & D “overinput” enabled the company to make some of its key components (engine and transformer, etc.) and to become core competitive. The company's autonomous booster jet engines won the title “Ten Fine Engines” in the 10-year "China Heart" engine competition, and the 7-blocked bi-ional converter box acquired Chinese gas.
The Institute of Vehicle Evaluation has selected the title “The World's Ten Good Speed Box” and the technological lead is more pronounced. Second, the mid- and long-term performance cut-off point is coming (i) out of the valley, and it is expected to reverse in 2018.
In the context of a small increase in income, net profits have declined significantly, and according to the company ' s annual report, mainly as a result of: 1) the promotion of existing products through activities such as car shopping (a billion yuan in red bags); 2) advertising through the Internet, television, outdoors, etc.
Higher cost increases have led to a significant increase in marketing costs; (3) increased R & D inputs for new products, resulting in an increase in R & D costs, which have invested 15 billion yuan in the development of the Weyp8 project.The decline in profits has been significant, particularly as q2 and q3 have been affected by such factors as price promotion and cost increases, and the net profit base has been abnormal.
In March 2017, as a result of the downside of the industry, companies managed to clear up old vehicles by lowering prices, issuing red parcels, and some automatic blockage. From the income of a single car, the reduction in sales led to a decrease of 0.91 million dollars in revenue from q2 single cars in 2017 compared to the same period the previous year.
The annual q2 q2 crop was reduced by 2,856 million yuan. q3 in 2017, with the end of the price reduction promotion, the income from bicycles has gradually returned to normal (up to $906,000), and the net profits of the season are mainly affected by operating costs and sales costs (up 1.963 billion yuan and 428 million yuan respectively). Of this, the significant increase in operating costs is due to higher prices of raw materials, higher prices and higher prices of raw materials.
The negative impact of these factors has also diminished with the increase in staff costs and the upgrading of spare parts, as seen from q4 in 2017 (Māori, because companies have cleaned up manual blocker stock through promotional activities, the share of new vehicles is now increasing rapidly in the sale of products, while the automatic block price in the same type of vehicle is about $10,000 higher than the manual block, often at higher levels of profit and automaticity.
The increase in the blockage ratio also contributed to the recovery of revenue and net profits (the increase in the automatic blockage ratio led to a significant increase in the revenue of q4 bicycles in 2017). The higher number of new models was recorded, which contributed to the recovery of this year’s profits.
In the second half of the year, there will also be new cars like Weyp8x and Weyvv6 that will open the Wall’s new round of product concentration weeks. Based on historical sales performance, cumulative sales from January to May 2018, and year-round plans for new cars, many new models will be launched.
Ten thousand (approximately 800,000 for Hafer, 240,000 for Wey, 130,000 for Pika, and about 0.8 million for sedans). The company’s revenue and net profits are expected to rise from the start of the new week.
Car models, new Huffh6, new generation Huffh6coupe, Huffh6 luxury cars, etc., are priced at a higher price than old products and more profitable. An increase in the medium- and high-end suv model, which accounts for the company’s total sales, is expected to boost the average car price and the Māori rate to continue in the medium and long term.
4) Industry recovery is largely well established, and suv is still growing at a high rate. According to the China-China Air Association, 11,792,000 domestic vehicles were sold in January-May this year, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same period; 2.288,000 of them were sold in May, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same period, the industry continued to grow at a high rate, and the recovery dawn was largely established.
This represents an 11.7 per cent increase; 761,000 of them in May, a 6.5 per cent increase in the same year, are still growing at a relatively high rate. The Department, as the leader of the Suv industry, benefits from a sustained recovery in the industry and is expected to pick up gradually.
Figure 19: The company’s vehicle sales and the speed of increase (monthly) are expected to cover the cost of the negative portion of the fuel consumption, with the possibility of a partial recovery in the future. According to a quarterly report in 2018, the company has already projected the cost of the negative portion of the fuel consumption of about $390 million (for about $1,000 per component) to be marketed and added to the new energy vehicle model.
The total or gradual reduction of future negative points in sales growth, and the fact that the Ministry of Information and Communications has not yet published the amount of penalties for individual negative points and specific penalties rules, do not preclude the possibility of partial recovery of the advance charges at the end of the year. (ii) The Hover brand is new and the myth of H6 is expected to continue.
After Huff’s predecessor was the Great Wall car, launched in 2002, and Seversuv became the market’s market champion in the country’s suv market in 2003 as soon as he was listed. After the Great Wall’s first Hafficuv (cross-border vehicle) was launched on the Sever base, the company made Haffer independent in 2013, managed by a network with the Great Wall brand and introduced a new logo.
Independently designed research and development and set up its own independent distribution service system. At present, Hover has a fleet of 85.19 million H1s, H2s, and a series of 85.1 thousand suvs and a 15-year-long China suvs champion; H6s have a fleet of 50.664s (59.45% of the total sales of Hafs) and has a five-year record in the country's single suvs.
Since its launch in November 2011, Hafh6 has faced a number of challenges and competitions for autonomous brands, and rivals have moved from the Chirriho, Chang Ancs75, etc.
Rong Weirx5 et al., but Hoverh6 sales have been sustained, with super-high sales and long life weeks that are beyond the reach of other competitions, and there are no clear signs of a recession from the current trend. Hafoh6’s success comes mainly from the following:
Accurate market positioning: Hafh6 was born in 2011 and the market at the time was in its early stages, with the higher sales being in joint branded vehicles, such as crv and rav4, at a price of $150,000 to 300,000; the sale price of the national product suv was essentially between 6 and 120,000, while the 100,000 to 150,000 was still in a vacuum, and Hafkh6 was directly located at 10-15.
The 10,000-dollar compact suv fills this market gap. 2) Long life cycle maintenance: every year the Great Wall adapts, upgrades, expands and injects fresh blood fluids. h6 contains gasoline, diesel, manual, automatic, two-way, four-way configurations, and is divided into red and blue markers.
As many as 40 cars are sold, and if we count h6coupe and some of the new cars introduced this year, they are sold over a very long and healthy life cycle.
At the same time, the high profit margin of the Hover model has made the distributors profitable and the car-sellers more enthusiastic. New Haffah6 – built on a new platform, fully upgraded. New Huffh6 was officially listed in April 2017.
The sale price range is $11.88-14.6 million, with a total of six vehicles (1.3t and 2.0t engines, 3 sections each) marked with a 7-speed wet double-leaf gear. The new h6 is built on a new platform, with a full upgrade: one security system, with a rare high-performance four-wheel ventilator drive in the same class, with the Bo 9-generation esp body stabilization system, with maximum assurance of driving at the limit.
In the case of driving, the body's stability. It is accompanied by a passive safety configuration with a hdc downhill aid, abs+ebd, bra brake emergency aid, right-hand front blind area, active safety pillows, etc.
Oil consumption is only 8.3l (about 10l old). The new Haffah6 configuration has been completely upgraded, but the start-up price is about $10,000 more than the old H6 classic, and the value of the value for money is still significant.
The new 1.5 gdit directly-jet-jet engine, developed autonomously by the Wall, replaced the original 1.5t and 2.0t engines with a 7dc wet-dimension, which made the new car perform better.
On board, the main hit is a “security upgrade”, equipped with a few semi-automatic parking systems of the same level, acc self-adaptation to cruise systems, 360 circumspection systems, fcw pre-collapse early warning systems and aeb automatic brakes systems, etc., and integrated into the car network system with smart security configurations such as automatic help for collisions, one key emergency rescue, vehicle alarms, electronic fence theft, stolen location tracking, etc.
The roll-out of this new model will be sold simultaneously with the old Haffah-6, which will sell more than 50. The new and old ones will complement each other and share the same distribution.
By the force of force, we expect H6 sales to remain around half a million vehicles. Hafh4 - deep digging of a segmented market between h6 and h2. In March of this year, the company pushed out Hafh4, with a new car selling price of $10.6-1.16 million, and a market position between h2 (small suv) and h6 (concrete suv)
Huffh4 can be seen as a narrow version of h6. The two cars are slightly different in appearance, with only a slightly shorter size than h6. The axle range is roughly the same. H4 power systems are basically identical to the new Huffh6 and carry "1.3gdit/1.5gdit cylinders of straight-in spray +7dct wet" systems.
The introduction of h4 further fills the gap in the sub-separation of Hover's entry-level suv, which has risen to 5084 in the second month of the market, and the prospects for the future are looking forward. h6, h4 and h2 are the three main car products under the Hover brand, and we judge that the annual sales of these three vehicles have been combined or reached.
The Wall’s brand-up started in 2014 with the Huffh8 and H9. It is hoped that these two vehicles will be used for the high-end suv market. In line with the company’s plan, Huffh8 will be responsible for the target of 5,000 monthly sales, but after listing, it will be 8 and 9 vehicles.
The sum of the monthly sales was less than 2,000, far below the company ' s expectations, and declared the failure of the Huff brand ' s high-end attempt. We believe that the main reason for the failure of the Great Wall ' s first impact on the high-end suv market was: insufficient preparation and repeated delays in listing.
Then the main speed-depressor was hit by metal in the high-speed condition; in April of that year, the company announced a further extension of h8 for product consistency. The incident reflected the Wall’s technical or insufficient technical readiness to match high-end products, which were insufficient to support high-end breakthroughs, causing Hafeh8 to be put on the market and seriously delayed.
At the time of the launch, the Wall had no product layout in a price range of 150,000 yuan, while the price of h8 was 1838 to 23.18 million, the price of h9 was 1998 to 27.28 million, and the price range was directly extended to over 200,000. In a price range of 200,000 dollars, the joint brand suv model
Many, such as public view, Beykonkovych, Toyotarav4, Hondacr-v, are the owner of joint venture brands. When products are not competitive enough to match the positive of joint ventures, the pricing strategy of h8 and h9 is inappropriate.
The popular brand Wey, which carries the Great Wall's glory and dream, was launched in mid-November 2016 under the brand name Wei Wei. The brand has so far published three cars, including two (listed in April 2018) at a price range of $16.78 to $18.88 million, $15 to $163 million and $25.98 to $257.8 million.
"Wey" is taken from the name of the head of the Great Wall's car, Wei Jianjun, named after the name of the founder.
For the first time in China, car brands are common abroad, such as Mercedes, Rolls, Porsche, Snow Dragon, Ferrari, Marks, Fortune, but they show the firm’s determination to make a strong “wey.” Branding is more rational.
By creating a new brand to change the image of consumers, companies realize that it is unrealistic to create high-end brands in a short period of time, so they plan to spend more than three years gradually setting prices through competitive products, ranging from $150,000 to $200,000, giving consumers an experience of luxury cars at lower prices than joint ventures.
According to Wey's brand ceo, wey's brand has spent four years developing and investing more than RMB 10 billion in aggregate, bringing together more than 1,600 teams of domestic and international designers. Wey's core production research and development workers are mostly from the first-class European and American mainframes and suppliers, with a wealth of car-making experience and industry.
Wey's brand ceo, who worked for Audi for over 30 years and built the udiq3 jens steingräber; Wey's 7-speed wet bipolar gear tank was built by gerhardhenning, who worked in the field of transformers for Tison Kamp and Daimler groups; Wey's appearance and interiors were set up by the original BMW.
Director of Planning, Pierreclercq, personally designed the knife. Thanks to the efforts of the internationalized research and development and design team, wey is a product that is more fashionable in appearances and interiors than the Hover series, and whose quality is more secure.
Figure 30: Weyvv7 interiors Figure 31: Weyvv5 looks better at products and has a greater value for money than they are. Wey ' s configuration principle is " Markable All Matches", led big.
Lights, front fog lights, engine shutdowns, day traffic lights, active security systems, speed cruises, self-adaptation to cruise systems, multifunctional steering wheels, top baggage racks, full LCD dashboards, panoramic skylights, etc. are all marked with Vv7. Section 2017 vv7 has an overall bid rate of 47.36%, with a high rating in the medium suv field, not only significantly higher than the autonomous product.
At high-tech plates, interior and external apparel, lights, etc., the advantage of having the luxury brand of Weyvv7 is even more evident. At the same time, lower sales will have a tremendous impact on joint ventures and imports and on suv at the same level.
By the end of 2017, Wey had 100 4s shops and was expected to expand to about 400 by the end of 2018. On branding, Wey also made up for the company’s previous short-term, which was completed on 10 May of this year.
Its positive image and strong influence will further consolidate the market positioning and branding image of Wey and provide an important stepping stone to the future. vv7 and vv5 are ideal for climbing up sales since they were marketed, but they have not fallen significantly in February as a result of spring events.
With new vehicle-type products growing in abundance, coupled with the opening of the distribution channels and increased marketing, wey's branding has still had the opportunity to reap a significant increase in sales. In 2018, the company's Wey brand was targeted for 250,000 vehicles, and 6,622 vehicles were completed in January-May, taking into account that car consumption is often in the second half of the year, and that new car p8 is on the market and vv6 is about to be marketed, we recognize it.
There is still considerable potential for meeting the annual sales target. Figure 36: Weyvv7 and vv5 sales (iv) Suv still have much room for growth
In 2016, our vehicle holdings reached 140 (up to 156 in 2017), down from an average of 165 in the world, far below developed countries like the US and Japan. The country’s car market is far from the top, potential consumption needs are enormous, and there is still much room for growth in future car sales.
In recent years, the prices of passenger cars have remained largely stable, while the disposable income of urban residents has been rising year by year. The ratio has fallen from 6.39 in 2011 to 3.73 in 2017, and the capacity of the population to purchase cars has been increasing, providing a favourable basis for further expansion of domestic car consumption.
Figure 39: Average vehicle fare and disposable income for urban residents for the last seven years
By 10,253,000 vehicles, an increase of 13.3 per cent over the same year, significantly higher than cars (-2.5 per cent), mpv (-17.1 per cent) and cross-cars (-20.0 per cent) were the main drivers of growth in the car industry. In 2017, the share of suv sales in passenger cars had reached 41.5 per cent, and that growth had played a significant role in the movement of passenger cars.
At a high level of 41.5 per cent of the year, will the future share continue to rise? With reference to the American car market and our imported car market, we believe that the share of domestic suv in passenger cars will continue to rise, with peaks expected to be close to or above 60 per cent. 1) Reference to the American car market: the size of the land in the United States, the diversity of roads, mountains, walls, deserts and snow.
The demand for large power and four-wheel-drive suv is stronger because of the large number of areas and the high requirements for vehicle towing and towing. At present, the share of suv sales in the US car market is about 60.1% of the passenger cars, and will increase further with Ford's announcement of parking in the US.
In the case of the possibility of approaching or exceeding 60%, reference is made to the domestic import market: according to the past experience of the automobile industry, the import vehicle is often the lead in the domestic production market, and if a car is sold well, the joint venture will consider introducing it into the Chinese national product, so the import market has an interest in the domestic car market.
From historical data, the share of suv sold in imported vehicles rose from about 48.92% in 2010 to about 63.40% in 2014, and then declined to about 58.79%. If taken as a reference, we think that domestic suv sales are about 60%.
In the next five years, the domestic upswing in suv may come mainly from consumption demand in rural areas driven by rural revitalization. The rural revitalization strategy states that “to increase the income of the rural low-income population, to expand the rural middle-income group, and to keep the income of the rural population growing faster than that of the urban population”.
The annual rate of 3.23 fell to 2.70 in 2017, and the car consumption market was either boosted, with every 100 households in rural areas expected to be close to urban levels.
According to the Great Wall network, there are currently 609 first-level distributors in 294 cities across the country, with more than 70% of the networks distributed in urban and rural areas below three lines.
The slump has helped to better capture the demand for automobile consumption in rural areas and thus continue to benefit from the expansion of the market.
This represents an increase of 1.62 million over 2016; two children represent 51.2% of the total number of births, an increase of 11 percentage points over 2016, and the effects of the “all two children” policy continue to be felt. The demographic structure of single families will shift from “2+2+1” to “2+2+2” and will increase significantly to six, owing to better economic conditions for more than half of the families choosing to have two children.
The data from the Federation show that in the last two years, levels B (medium) and C (medium-sized annual growth rates of 34.6% and 308.3%, respectively). The company now has a multi-car layout in the medium-sized and large luxurysuv, which also provides seven modules, h7, h8 and h9, and wey is expected to launch seven new cars in the future, which are expected to benefit from population policy.
Souv has a greater advantage than cars in transit and internal space. The suv chassis is generally higher than the sedan (with the lowest possible gap between the ground) so that it can better cope with poor road conditions in rural areas such as dirt roads, mud roads, etc. And, as the suv body and trunk are larger, more cargo can be loaded: 6 and 7 large suvs can provide more loads.
Human space. The demand for suv is expected to expand further, benefiting from rural revitalization and the implementation of the two-child policy. The annual sales of suv in 2022 were in 2017 or about 60% of the lift space.
III. New energy sources and smart drivers are actively deployed. In 2020, during the “2017 Huffsuv branding”, the Wall launched its 2020 plan, which proposes to invest $30 billion in new energy sources, smart driving, etc., in order to create a leading position in terms of active safety, intelligence interconnection, autopilot, etc.
In source areas, companies plan to combine electrical mix and pure electricity, such as Weyp8, which uses plug-in hybrid power, while the “Ora” brand type of vehicle will follow a pure electric route. In smart driving, the Wall will increase the development of the main passive safety technology (Hafford will immediately deploy six airbags, active head pillows, early warning seat belts, etc.) and gradually build up a higher-level driver.
Support systems (adas, night vision systems, etc.) and autonomous development of “i-pilot” systems, with Hoversuv products with highly assistive autopilot features on board the i-pilot system, are expected to be in production by 2020. Thus, around 2020, or during the outbreak of new energy and intelligent driving applications by companies.
(i) New energy sources: more short-term pressure, with product concentration in 2020 officially implemented on 1 April 2018 with the implementation of the Parallel Management Approach to Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Stock in Cars, based on the Ministry of Trade and Communications ' Guidelines for Managing the Average Fuel Consumption in Cars in 2016 and 2017
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the average fuel consumption of the Great Wall vehicles in 2016 and 2017 was 23.45 million cents and 15.98 cents, respectively, according to the Ministry of Information and Communications.
Ten thousand cents, while the new energy mix is only 0.06 million and 0.95 million, with a combined total of 40.44 million cents. The Wall needs to buy billions of yuan – $12.13 billion. The company's new energy products are currently sold only on the Wall's c30ev pure electric car, the Wey p8 electrical commingled suv, while the same period was sold on the new power cars in the passenger cars, the Chang An car, the North Car Group and the Chir vehicle.
In the short term, companies do face greater pressure to shift to new energy vehicles. We believe that, in the long run, as companies become more well-placed in the new energy sector, new energy vehicle-type products are expected to be marketed in 2020, and the “double points” pressure will be eased:
1) Introduction of a new energy vehicle and a new energy brand. In 2017, the company launched the first new energy vehicle, c30ev, and in 2018, the plug-in-in-the-car version of Weyp8: In addition, the company's pure electric brand, “Ola”, was released this year, without two main lines of product: r series - a city-by-city electric minibus, iq series - located with fewer cars.
A compact electric vehicle, located as a family trip. Of this, the first vehicle, Euraiq, will be on the market in the third quarter of this year. According to the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the new vehicle is a compact, cross-border electric suv, with a range of 350 km.
On September 28, 2017, the company announced that it would buy no more than 3.5% of Australia’s pilbaraminerals’ shares at $140 million. The company is the owner of lithium and tantalum exploration and mineral development, while lithium carbonate is the most important raw material in the lithium batteries of the new energy car.
I. The company ' s share of the lithium mineral resources in the pilbaraminerals layout, which is expected to be supplied with steady lithium resources in the future, will be a useful boost to the development of a new energy vehicle strategy. 3) In cooperation with the King, the company has a preferential right to purchase its new energy component. On 15 July 2017, the company and the RMB industry are working together.
Hebei has signed a joint venture framework agreement whereby the company increases its share capital in cash by 25% for the first time, up to a maximum of 49%. In the future, the two sides will combine their efforts to create a new brand called the Great Wall, which will mainly produce pure electric car products. According to the terms of the joint venture agreement, Hebei’s fuel consumption is being transferred directly to the Great Wall, and
In terms of the positive points of new energy vehicles, Hebei Keiji promised to “sell to the Great Wall Motors Company on equal terms.” As a result, in cooperation with the Yangtze, the company will be able to obtain more fuel consumption and new energy positive credits.
The book will form a joint venture focusing on the development and production of Mini branded electric vehicles, and the Great Wall and its associates will be 10,000. Since BMW will promote electric cars in the future, not excluding the possibility of cutting down Mini fuel trucks, its annual sales in China are expected to be entirely replaced by electric versions of 30 to 40,000 vehicles.
New factories have begun to build, with the first generation of Mini electric vehicles expected to produce in 2020, when the pressure on the Wall's car will be further reduced by “double points”. (ii) Smart driving: technology reserves are abundant and partial autopilot in 2020 will be achieved
In 2014, 2016, the Wall Smart had won the "China Smart Race for the Future" championship for three consecutive years. In 2015, in the Great Wall, in the Great Wall, in the Great Wall, in the case of the Volvo.
At the Car Science and Technology Festival, the company's 193-class autopilot vehicle was the first to demonstrate public dynamics: in the same year, it was the first time that adas was taken to the market on the entire terrain of the Suv Hafh9.
The i-pilot system is a new, open, software- and hardware-based smart driving platform developed in collaboration with North America, India, and China. The i-pilot system has a total of seven modules, of which only sensors are readily available for the procurement of suppliers, and six modules, such as data integration, smart decision-making, sports control, etc., are developed autonomously by companies; the current i-pilot 1.0, i-pilot 2.0, are automated.
Driving systems have been designed and tested. The planning objectives of the "i-pilot smart pilot" autopilot platform are: 2020, with the introduction of the "i-pilot 3.0" system, with the introduction of V2x vehicle communications technology, which enables high levels of autopilot in urban areas and in more areas, reaching the level of 4.4: 2025, with the introduction of more advanced technology, the introduction of safer and more adaptable "i-pilots"
4.0 “Unmanned system, complete autopilot to the level of 15. Figure 50: Future planning for i-pilot system
On that day, the company signed a memorandum of strategic cooperation with 100 degrees, announcing that the two sides would cooperate strategically in four major areas: vehicle smart networks, autopilots, shared travels, large numbers, etc. Under the agreement, the Great Wall and the 100-degree group would take advantage of each other's comparative resources to join forces in driving cars, a smart network, autopilot-related technology research and development and applications to ensure that the two sides would be in the lead in future in global competition in related areas.
In accordance with the intent to cooperate, the two sides will work together in core areas such as the pilot demonstration area of the Auto-Intelligent Network, the integrated solution for auto-driving systems, software and hardware, and shared travel. Depending on the technological advantage of Totube in the area of artificial intelligence, the Great Wall “i-pilot” and the 100-degree “pollo” platform are expected to interface in depth to accelerate the process of unmanned commercialization.
IV. Profit forecasts and investment proposals (i) comparable to corporate financial comparisons, we have selected four car-to-car enterprises in the country, namely, upper-mortality groups, wide-air groups, Gilly cars, Chang An.
Automobile, Biadei. According to the latest quarterly report, in 2018, the scale of revenue and net profit compared to the Great Wall in the company was at the forefront, while the growth in operating income was accelerating and the net profit was gradually rising.
Figure 52: Comparable corporate growth rate Figure 53: Scale of net profits of comparable companies Figure 54: Increase of net profits of comparable companies
In terms of profitability, the Great Wall has a higher Māori rate and a higher net interest rate than any other car company. We expect that with the end of activities such as price reduction, sales promotion, red packages, and the gradual growth of the medium-to-high-end vehicle model, the Māori rate will gradually rise and the profitability of the company is expected to increase.
In terms of three fees, the three rates in the Wall are lower than in other whole-car companies, showing better cost-control capabilities. The net interest rate falls sharply each year, and Roe also falls considerably.
Full-car business: near 95% of the gross-account share. The suv industry’s growth of the “calculus” has not yet come, there is still much room for improvement in the future for the United States and the stop market, which is expected to continue to be the fastest growing segment of the vehicle fleet, and the company is expected to continue to benefit as the head of the country’s suv. Meanwhile, in 2018, the automobile industry is expected to recover on a seasonal basis, and the company is in the process of becoming the firm.
Revenue is expected to grow faster in the new product cycle. With the end of the price reduction promotion and red-bread concession activities, the Māori rate will recover significantly in the short term; in the long run, it will benefit from higher sales of medium- and high-end vehicles and new sources of energy.
The domestic automotive industry has gone down: domestic auto sales have been warming since January-May 2018, and the recovery of the industry is on the horizon, but there may be downside risks to domestic macroeconomics, as a result of global events such as the China-United States trade war, which may lead to automobiles.
2) Unexpected sales of new company models: due to increased market competition, Huffh6 replacements, Huffh4, wey brand new cars are sold or not. 3) The commercialization of new company energy and smart driving technologies is not as fast as expected: companies need to pay off higher fuel losses in the short term.
If the roll-out of the new energy vehicle model in the future is not as fast as expected, there will be greater pressure on the calculus; if the commercialization of the company i-pilot system is not as fast as expected, the competition for the future smart car will be reduced, thereby reducing product competitiveness.