Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) Events: Companies issue an advance notice of their performance in 2022. Companies expect to achieve revenue growth of 22q4 in 2022 with resilience and improved profitability. End of income: exposure to the December epidemic and real estate cycle
As a result, corporate q4 revenue growth has slowed slightly, but still reflects resilience, and we judge it to be higher than industry growth. At the profit end: profit margins have improved significantly, mainly from: 1) company price increases on products in August of 22; 2) company spending has continued to improve since 22H2
The profit margin of 22q4 is still rising significantly on the basis of a partial reduction of about 108 million yuan. *Cutting is moving steadily, with good data trends. The company’s strategy for integration and dressing is beginning to work, with 20.9% of the closets and accessories in the previous three quarters and 22q3 closets and accessories in the first three quarters.
Revenues amounted to $3.492 billion, or +32.72%. The whole strategy effectively led to an increase in the single value of the guest, which as of 22 q3 was 1.7341 million yuan, or +12.8%, in addition to cash flows, 22 q3 had an operating cash flow of $1.02 billion, or minus 2%, with a narrow decline in the ring.
• Real estate chain repair + domestic warming + industry bottom-up. Current property end policy is relaxed, coded, and real estate sales are expected to pick up.
In the short term, the country’s second-hand home market has been recovering since the epidemic was optimized. The company, as a customized home, has the advantage of product power, channels, management structures, etc., and continues to deepen the whole household.
1. The rapid growth of the whole outfit continued with the negative share growth of the 2.22q2 battalion, the pressure of which highlighted the over-expected income of 3.22q1 and the momentum for its growth.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.