Europa Homes (603833.sh) grew by 5-15% year-round, net profits slowed down, light labor made home items.
Liu Jiaqi: 1) Income growth is robust and the industry as a whole is under the influence of the real estate chain and the epidemic is still overstretched.
Visible: 2) Profitability is mainly affected by rising raw material costs, increased cost inputs, and changes in product structure and channel structure; four-quarter net interest rates have increased on a par; 3) Companies have actively promoted a continuous decline in production start-up in a multi-dimensional manner in the overall sense of “better access, seizure of flows, increase in single value, increase in share”: industry competitive patterns have deteriorated; 5) investment proposals: take good account of the firm's long-term advantage and maintain “buy-in”
At a peak of four quarters of the year, net interest rates improved on a year-on-year basis, with pressure on both production and sales.
In the reporting period, companies actively promoted corporate ownership strategies in the overall sense of “twice, seizure of traffic, increase of single value, increase of share” and, in the context of the higher performance base, increased number of clients and steady growth of performance in the major departments of industry: one is set as a whole.
On the one hand, there has been a further build-up to customize 2.0 to customize the user to tailor the whole room six-space solution to meet its individualized needs, creating a new path for the development of the industry; on the other hand, there has been an up-to-date business, which, under the pre-emptive advantage, has been continuously strengthened by client capabilities, operations and industry, laying a solid foundation for future development; on the other hand, there has been a renewed upgrading of the “kitchen specialization” brand strategy in the cabinets.
Depending on the category, the closets and accessories are growing rapidly. The rapid development of the household strategy and the whole set of customizations has led to a higher rate of income growth in the company ' s closets and accessories than in the aggregate; the first three quarters of the year, 1 million yuan (+1 per cent) in the cook ' s cabinets, of which the bulk of the business revenue has declined considerably and retail business income has increased steadily; 2) $8.71 billion (+20.9 per cent) in the closets and accessories, mainly driven by the rapid growth in the income of the accessories while the gross income has increased rapidly.
Interest rates have declined; 3) bath revenue of $720 million (+4.3 per cent), Māori rose by almost 5 percentage points; 4) wooden revenue of $936 million (+11.8 per cent), Māori increased by 6 percentage points. Light fashion branding Euphoria maintained a high growth momentum. In the first three quarters, Euphoria achieved $1.27 billion (+35.6 per cent).
Channel revenue grew by 25.9 per cent and 16.6 per cent, respectively; bulk revenue by 7.7 per cent, with a narrow reduction over the six-month period and a positive increase over the past three quarters, and we expect that under the property security policy, major engineering operations are expected to continue their warming trend in the future.
External factors, such as repeated domestic epidemics, high prices for raw materials purchases, and continued weak real estate practices, created many uncertainties for the domestic sector in 2022. Companies’ income growth rates, influenced by the epidemic and the property chain, remain sharp, and we value the stability and growth of their performance.
There is a strong competitive advantage, especially in the current fashion channels, where firms are pre-empted by retailing and dressing up, while the fast-growing size of the packaging business, with the Europeans relying on the product, channel, brand advantage of their own industry, is expected to assist companies in improving their client efficiency, reducing the cost of receiving visitors, and generating rapid growth in more categories of goods.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, the conclusions are independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.