Europa Home (603833.sh) Light Work Group 4q at the top growing resilient with improved profits in 23 years.
1. 30 Income Growth Resilient, 40 Profit Rehabilitating - 3 Seasons Rehabilitated with 214.6 ~ 23.510 billion RMB, i.e. + 5.0 ~ 15.0 per cent; Net Returned Profits 2. 2q Retail Growth bright, h2 Rehabilitating Profit Rehabilitating
222.8.30 3. " 2q income is still excellent and profits are improved - the semi-annual fast report of Europa households +18.7% ~44.0%.
The 40 outbreak was disturbed, and income growth remained resilient: according to research and research, the company’s overall income of 4q was expected to increase slightly. With the completion of the property work still pending the apparent disruption of the build-up, the company’s clothing was expected to increase significantly in terms of the product categories.
The container (including accessories) is sold in multi-grade combinations, and the increase in the unit price continues to drive overall growth. On the one hand, the pipeline, which is gradually becoming an important flow catcher, continues to evolve according to a pattern that is expected to grow at the desired level of 40.
In the established direction, under pressure from the external operating environment, excellent performance ensures that companies raise their prices and reduce their efficiency gains by 4 q-per-cent gains: in the middle of a firm's net profit forecast, the net interest rate of the company was 11.9 per cent, and only 9.1 per cent, which was significant during the same period last year.
Improvements, on the one hand, have resulted in a relatively low profit base over the past year due to pressure on raw material costs, and companies have continued to promote control efficiency gains. 23 years of improved business environment, allowing for better growth: 23 years with the impact of the epidemic,
At the income-side, companies continue to build on the general tone of “channels, stowages, single-value additions, expansions,” with continuous innovation based on the channel model and a return to better growth.
At the profit end, profits are expected to continue the trend of improving as cost pressures ease and internal cost inputs are precisely controlled over 23 years.
We maintain our previous profit projections, and the company is expected to increase its raw materials significantly in 2022/2023/2024, with increased competition for assembly channels; the pace of completion is not as high as expected.