The light industry has performed well throughout the year, looking forward to business improvement.
Incidents: The company issued an annual performance forecast for 2022, expected to achieve business gain in 2022, Chen Bojo, raise prices and control capital gains, and o4 gains improved.
Net profits have increased at a significantly higher rate than revenue, and we expect the following two main reasons: 1) corporate overall product prices were raised on 1 August and transferred to the q4 end of the statement; 2) the public administration has taken the initiative to control the efficiency gains, and the cost side is expected to improve.
The whole house is a coordinated driver of retail growth, and the whole outfit continues to grow. In the distribution channels, the company continues to promote the whole strategic layout of the house, in the form of a package, a variety of items, to meet the demand of consumers for one-stop shopping, to tap into its consumption potential, to drive the price of one-stop shops, and to drive the flow of customers.
In the last three quarters, the distribution channels grew by 16.64% over the same period, and the number of shops grew. At the same time, the company took the lead in maintaining a high rate of growth, putting in place a high-quality layout, and constantly exploring optimal development.
The model, which is expected to grow by about 50% in the first three quarters, will remain high throughout the year. Twenty-three years of business improvement is expected, and it is expected that industry concentration will continue to rise. Property policy continues to grow, with multiple initiatives to ease the pressure on property.
Financing end-of-life repairs will facilitate completion, and subsequent improvements in completion will support household demand. At the same time, the epidemic’s constraints will improve, and the under-line passenger flow recovery will boost household consumption.
In December 2022, the number of furniture cabinets was reduced to 359,000, a 44 per cent decline from the late 21st year. Investment advice: companies are leading the household industry, building up a forward-looking, all-round layout.
This report, which is presented independently and objectively, clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.