Reverse highlights resilience and q4 performance meets expectations Events: On the evening of 16 January 2023, the Europa family issued an advance performance announcement for 2022, which is expected to be \triangleright.
In the area of dressmaking, companies select high-quality agent resources for retailing the new business in which everyone lives, closing doors for home-building, house-wide furniture, and fully digging each.
The potential of a city, where companies are expected to open various forms of retail outlets in over 100 cities by the end of 2022. The whole model, in order to continuously raise the value of the guest list, the company further enriches the content of the package, provides consumers with a higher value for the whole package, and enhances consumers’ willingness to buy the whole package; and, further,
Q4 profits are growing faster than revenues, with a combination of low base & control costs and other factors.
1. Home-based Industry Series I: When the bottom of the policy emerges, explores the boundaries of the housing portfolio -- 2023/01/03 -- faster, mainly by: 1) the refined management effects of the reform downscaling costs are reflected in the pace of resource investment
Investment proposals: In the short term, companies have sufficient reserves of orders in transit and are more risk-resistant; in the recent period, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has merged to form a framework for the integrated operation of the two main departments, the European Cook Guard and the European Café, which is expected to accelerate integration and further improve overall operational efficiency; in the medium and long term, the garment business leads the upgrading of the industry.
The multi-portfolio integration strategy of the closet business has been very effective, relying on a strong resource integration capacity and a well-synchronized marketing capacity to continuously raise the selling threshold of the package; the built-in model has matured, deeply tied to a high-quality head-to-head company as a business barrier that allows the Europeans to act as a flow portal, offering consumers a one-stop solution.
Based on the company ' s performance forecast to adjust profit projections, the company ' s net return profits for the period 2022-2024 are expected to draw conclusions from \triangleright methodological and analytical logic, respectively, to produce the present report independently and objectively and to be responsible for its content and perspective. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.