A robust year-round performance growth with marketing reforms driving future development - Key performance data points for the year 2020 (000858)  year-round performance meets expectations and product systems continue to optimize
Long. From a product point of view, the company has continued to enrich the product system 1+3 of the five-food fluids, with a continuous increase in the price of the five batches; the series of wines is based on the "4+4" brand strategy, which is dominated by five-food springs, five-food specials, and cutting edges. During the year, 12 brands with a total of 577 products were cleared, and the main, five-food ol, and five-food special triads were launched.
At the same time, the company has made a digital shift in marketing and has made a major effort to develop the channel. From less than $20 to $100 at the beginning of the year, the profits from five single bottles have been raised, and the distributor's earnings have been raised.
Auyang Woo's swords are being marketed, and it's been proposed that we continue to enrich our brand culture; that we build the classic Five Grain Marketing Service; that we set up the classic Five Grain Marketing Task Force; that we complete the classic Five Grain Products Line; and that we build it up vigorously.
The eight major high-level markets, including Beijing and Shanghai, have been active in building regional priority markets; the fourth is a well-established banding system that consolidates traditional channels of development in the development of channel systems; the fifth is to give full play to the initiative of the distribution associations; and the sixth is to deepen the digital transformation and improve the ability of marketing to digitalize management.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 28 West Side Street, Beijing, the price of high-end liquor for the eighth generation of five-generation liquids rose from about $900 in early 2020 to about $970 in the end of the year.
The base is stable at a thousand-dollar price band, and it is expected to continue to move forward towards a price range of 1,100-1200. Towards the spring season, the company is running well at 1,000 Shanghai and China Gate Road, and its stock is strained at around 2-4 weeks.
The Division will reach 300,000 tons of pure food solid-state capacity, of which the P5 capacity will be about 30,000. This year, the company launched a six-thousand eco-breeding project in Fuhua, Shenzhen Fukuda District, which will be over 400,000 tons in the future, and over 40,000 tons in high-end capacity.
During the period, benefiting from a new round of product-rich product systems, the release of dividends from group purchasing channels, and the continued return of brand values, Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment will achieve high-quality development, have good potential in the high-end liquor market, and will have more scope for future growth.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.