By 2020, the double-digit target was reached, with a steady mid-2021 gain of around 100 million, an increase of 14 per cent over the same year, mainly due to the increase in sales of company core products.
In 2020, the five grains were raised at a rate of 14% and a net gain of 14%, reaching around 57.2 billion, and the five grains were expected to be evaluated. In line with the target of double-digit growth set at the beginning of the year, the rate of increase was likely to lead to a first-line run of wine, with 4q20 points.
In view of the change in product prices in P519 from $789 to $889, the price of 1h20 was increased by 13.3 per cent and 4th quarter, while firm firm firmness in the prices contributed to the development of the group purchase business, and we judge the increase in the average price of the group ' s alcohol acquisition ratio, especially 4.
Quarterly. (2) The company continued to evolve and upgrade in 2019 and did a lot of basic work, including reform of the branding department at Headquarters, completion of regional flattening and functional pre-reforms, establishment of digital marketing systems, and introduction of a control board profit-sharing model, which played a positive role in 2020.
The Division can optimize the amount of traditional business plans available, based on accurate data on sales through the channels. (3) Following the outbreak, the company introduced a policy measure of stable market and steady growth, retail losses, offline losses, old age.
We've recovered some of the damage in the second half of the year. (3) 4q20 revenues, net gains of 13% and 10%, respectively, are slightly lower than expected, and we've judged that it is possible to maintain good business as a result of the steady progress of the regiment in 2021.
However, in 2021, the five grain fluids will continue to maintain the average advanced level of industry-based enterprises, ensuring that business development is operating within a reasonable range of sound and sustainable growth. We believe that companies will continue to nurture and consolidate opinion leaders and consumer circles through a robust banding system.
Measures such as digital transformation and improved marketing of digital management capabilities can continue to expand the dietary group of consumers and increase the motivation of the channels for robust growth.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing