A marketing system training session was held for the marketing reform aid company, and a high-speed development for the marketing reform company - an evaluation of the five grains and liquids (000858) company event: an annual training session for the five grains and liquids marketing system in 2021.
The chairman of the company has raised confidence and determination from Chin to further strengthen the development of the series of alcohol reforms; to maintain strategic resolve to advance marketing reforms and to accelerate the transformation of the company into a profit centre; and to give high priority to the building of a cadre of forces, to increase the awareness of real-life innovation and to continuously improve the cohesiveness and strength of the cadre.
The year 2020 saw a steady growth rate of about 14.00% over the same period. During the spring season, the target for the marketing of five grains was higher than expected, the price of the eighth generation of five grains remained generally stable, the price of one basket remained stable at around $960-970 per bottle, and the market was sold at the same rate.
It's a big increase, with precision scientific investment through digital marketing management, which is about 20% higher than last year's. The classic five-food fluids and mini-fives market feedback is good, the Springs is not closed, and Oyang Woo's sword is dug.
During the "145" year, the company will expand marketing and raise brand value, and the company will focus on six main lines: enriching brand culture; building a classic five-grain marketing service system and perfecting the classic five-food liquid product lines; and building eight high-level markets, including Beijing and Shanghai, and regional priority markets.
In the long run, benefiting from a new round of product sets, the high-end liquor market has good potential and has greater potential for future growth.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, Beijing West Side, it's a good time for high-quality development in the future.
The price of high-end wine rose from about $900 to about $970 in early 2020, and basically the 1,000th of Shanghai, China and China Gate Road, standing on a thousand-dollar price belt, is expected to continue to rise to 1100-1200 prices in the future.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a 6th tax-free company with a solid-state capacity of about 30,000 tons. This year, the company launched a 120,000-ton eco-breeding project, with a future total capacity of 400,000 tons and a high-end capacity of 40,000 tons.
Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment, which maintains the company's "End Up" rating, has become the city's high-comfort road.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.