Trailingbuy inter-district operation 5 grain fluids (000858.sz)
Double-digit growth in 2020, “14th Five” for high-quality development Summary of performance: companies forecast a total of 57.2 billion revenues by 2020, a 14 per cent increase in the same year and a net profit of 19.9 billion, a 14 per cent increase in the same year. By this measure, 4q achieved a revenue of 14.7 billion, a 13 per cent increase in the same year and a net profit of 5.36 billion, a 10 per cent increase in the same year.
In 2017, the company proposed “since the start of the second business” and the products, channels, etc., despite the challenges of the epidemic, the company was stable and well on its way to “stable progress” with a double-digit increase in performance. In the first quarter, the 40-percent growth rate fell from 30 to 30, mainly due to the mid-autumn season on the one hand.
On the other hand, the spring of 2021 was late, and the price of the plant was higher after the season. The current price of the five batches, though volatile, remained stable at more than $960, indicating a robust current market demand.
In 2021, marketing will continue to strengthen brand cultural expression, build a classic five-grain marketing service system, build up highland markets and priority markets, raise market shares, improve banding systems, deepen digital transformation and build a community of business fortunes. We believe that this will be accompanied by branding and demand.
In 2021, as the company's marketing work will be further refined, product recognition and channel profits will be consolidated; in addition, in 2020, it was mentioned several times.
The product mix and traditional channels are not increasing, with a focus on the development of the Mission ' s procurement channels, and the current structure of the 2021 Mission procurement channels will take a step forward in refining the various systems and further consolidating market prices.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be reproduced or re-issued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified.