Ningbo Bank (002142): Increased confidence on the part of shareholders Events: The company received a letter from Yagor Group, a major shareholder, informing about changes in interests, and Yagor, the third largest shareholder from 2 December 2021 to Yagor, had a strong position and had adjusted its shareholding based on a long-term perspective and its own strategy.
Second, the Ningpo Development Investment Group and the third largest shareholder of the Hong Kong Bank of Singapore. From 2010 to 2018, the Yagor stock-holding Yagor was increased to the bottom of the company’s valuation.
The performance of Ningpo Bank markets is consistent with industry trends, and the valuation level has fallen sharply. This round of growth began in 2023 q2 with a clear comparative advantage and good corporate resilience. The company’s asset quality and profitability have been maintained for many years at a level of intra-business excellence.
With regard to the external environment, the financing platform and real estate risk mitigation continue to advance, the macroeconomics are at the bottom, and banking pressures are expected to ease.
Ningbo Bank (002142): The continuation of the scale coincides with Yagor's increased purpose of “an analysis of the value of the company's investments and projections of future prospects.” Ningbo Bank (002142): Performance growth is higher than performance growth.
Real estate risk mitigation continues, macroeconomics are at the bottom, and banking pressure is expected to ease; at the corporate level, the company level, Ningbo Bank (002142): Professional competence, comparative advantage and good performance of the Department of Professional Operations is high.
Real comparative advantage - company depth report - plans to reflect the confidence of major shareholders in corporate development. On the basis of the above, a firm’s “buy-in” investment rating is maintained.
Figure 2 The relative valuation of Ningpo Bank is at a low level since 2015Appendix: three series of forecasts of statements, using data information for legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.