Bank Ningbo incident: 30 October, Ningpo Bank published the three-quarter 2023 report, which was collected and made available in the first three quarters. Ningpo Bank was established on 10 April 1997 and July 2007
The annual weighted average of roe is 15.94%, a decrease of 0.14 pct. The following is our assessment: 19th is the country's first city commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
The company's net profit increased by 12.6 per cent in the previous three quarters and the profit increased by 2.3 pct in the Jiangzi region.
In our view, the company is not a leader in the public-comparison comptoirs, because it aims to provide diversified financial services to its customers. We believe that the company has sufficient capital and lower interest rates in the industry, and that banks, retail companies, individual banks, financial markets, credit.
“Cards, paper business, investment banks, asset hosting, asset management” Active outreach and operation of customers, operating strategies or more inclined to add value, proactive efforts to absorb deposits and nine major profit centres, and initial development of diversified business growth models
A relatively low-interest credit placement has served as a good brand image for wealth management, the number of private customers, and the faster growth of aum. It has been driven.
At the end of the income side, net interest income grew in a weak way, mainly as a result of a narrow net interest spread of 1.89 per cent in the previous three quarters, a decrease of 10bp compared to the previous three quarters; in the case of non-interest income, there was a recovery in net revenue from fees, while other non-interest income was negatively affected by capital market fluctuations
The impact has declined. The company still has a strong financial market capacity and continues to promote large retail and light capital business strategies. We expect that if capital markets warm, the company’s non-interest income is expected to recover better.
Corporate size has remained high, with total asset size increasing by 12.9 per cent at the end of the third quarter, compared to the beginning of the year, and a quarterly round increase of 2.7 per cent. Regional credit needs have been relatively good, with loans growing 16.3 per cent more than at the beginning of the year.
The firm is expected to maintain a larger credit investment, raise credit ratios at lower interest rates in order to achieve a steady improvement in asset quality, provide a high level of stability, and at the end of September, the Ningpo Bank ' s non-performing loan rate was 0.76 per cent, with a flat ring ratio; and focus was on the loan rate of 0.54 per cent, Ring.
A slight decrease of 1 bp. We measure, plus write-off of 0.59 per cent, and maintain a low level. Both static and dynamic indicators show that the quality of the company ' s assets continues to be excellent. At the end of September, the provision coverage and credit ratio was 48.5 per cent and 3.66 per cent, the withdrawal of the funds and the impact of the statement were eliminated, and the level of provision was kept flat and the risk was offset.
Investment advice: High-growth attributes and regional economic advantages are in place, and companies’ higher profitability is expected to be sustained. In the context of the three-quarterly reports, firms maintain faster credit expansion during periods when overall credit demand for the industry is not strong.
Interest rates go down, companies either remain relatively active in terms of lending. Size is expected to continue to increase, and net interest income rebounds with a Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn supplementation. Capital markets are warming or generating a recovery in non-interest income.
In real terms, low revenue growth is expected to improve, asset quality continues to improve, and higher profitability is expected. First, the Ningbo Bank is expected to continue to benefit from regional economic development, and second, the marketability of corporate institutional mechanisms, strategic implementation, and industry.
The basis for high-quality expansion is solid. Historical data show that companies have a sustained forward-looking capacity for price fixing, prudential wind control, and diversification of operations.
Pushing forward, the center of multiple profits is becoming stronger, and the negative impact of cyclical fluctuations on profitability is weakened. We maintain that “Better figure 1: Net profit from Ningpo Bank increased by 12.6% over the previous three quarters, and figure 2: Net profit from Ningpo Bank increased by 8.1% over the same period for the first three quarters.
Figure 3: Profit attribution of Bank Ningbo 1h23, 3q23
Figure 6: Negative bank rates at the end of September, flat focus ratio, Figure 1bp 7: Decrease in Ningpo bank coverage by 8.4 to 48.5% at the end of September
Ningbo Bank (002142): The scale continues to grow, and the low harvest is expected to improve, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom and the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Ningpo Bank (002142): The size continues to increase and the low harvest is expected to improve.
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.