Ningpo Bank (002142): The reason for the continuation of good growth in size was reported: a performance rating of 19.349 billion yuan (+12.55 per cent, yoy). At the end of September, the rate of non-performing loans to companies was 0.76 per cent (equal,
qoq), with a non-performing loan provision coverage of 480.57% (-8.39pct, qoq). Core view: q3 net interest differentials continue to narrow with industry, resulting in slower growth in net interest earnings.
q3 is concerned that the ratio of credit to the negative ratio is stable and maintains industry excellence. We update the average interest rate on assets and liabilities and operating expenditure benchmarks based on q3 data, with performance projections adjusted accordingly.
>Step-scale growth: q3 assets continue to grow faster, with total assets growing by 15.31 per cent over the year (estimated at 14.17 per cent). Credits and modest increases in mortgage lending, faster growth in both public and private loans, and good momentum in these areas. End-cost rates are higher than expected because, on the one hand, the real impact of interest reduction on deposits is less than estimated and, on the other hand, determined.
The percentage of current deposits rose further, as did the interest rate on foreign currency deposits.
Ningpo Bank (002142): Performance growth is 208 million yuan compared to other gains, an increase of 126 million yuan compared to the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in revenues from inclusive micro-grants. Performance is smooth under pressure from the downside of the current boom, based on firm asset quality and a strong provision.
Quality of assets: The economic base of the company ' s region is good, risk management is strong, and the quality of the company ' s assets is excellent. At the end of the month, the ratio of interest-type loans to non-performing loans was 0.54 per cent (1 bp, qoq) and 0.76 per cent (same, qoq).
At the bottom, the pressure on banking operations is expected to ease; at the firm level, Ningpo Bank has a strong professional capacity and a clear comparative advantage, and the company's relative valuation is currently low. Based on the above, the firm's “buy-in” investment rating is maintained.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.