Ningpo Bank (002142): Performance rating. This report follows a previous evaluation report on the company ' s three-quarters report, " Ningpo Bank: sustaining good growth in size " .
First, asset quality is excellent, and two sub-items are evaluated. With regard to impairment of assets: the value of assets outside the q3 table is recovered or cleared more strongly, concern is expressed that losses of impairment of assets in q3 listed banks are generally lower than in the same year. Ningbo Bank is consistent with industry trends, and q3 accounts for assets.
Impairment losses of $1,557 million, a decline of 49.27% from the previous year, are significantly lower than our previous estimate of $2,977 million. In the previous report, we considered that the impairment margin had been reduced to reflect the need for smooth performance under downward pressure on the growth rate of the crop, based on firm asset quality and a strong reserve.
On the other hand, the off-the-shelf assets (primarily credit commitments) that account for impairments, which resulted in a significant difference between the impairment loss of q3 assets and the declared asset impairment readiness deductions, were the preferred business of the company, as described in the report, Ningbo Bank: Comparative advantages of professional operations, 20230818.
Compared to their counterparts, corporate transactional financial assets account for a higher share of total assets, so that investment returns + fair value changes contribute more to Camp Ningpo Bank (002142): professional business income. q4, influenced by a clear return on bond markets last year, companies realized investment returns + fair value
Real comparative advantage - Corporate Insight Report - Based on a market perspective, q4 is considered to be relatively stable to match government debt, and debt markets are unlikely to be similar.
Year q4 extremes. Corporate investment operations are expected to remain robust, investment returns + fair value changes are expected to increase significantly from last year q4 and overall revenue elasticity is expected to increase.
The gains and losses on corporate investment returns + fair value changes of $41.04, 38.66 million and 3,586 million, respectively, will increase by 5 percentage points in the year 2023 by a year-on-year increase in the same rate of operating income, with a good growth momentum of $3.0 billion in q4.
At the corporate level, Ningpo Bank has a strong professional capacity and comparative advantage, and the company’s relative valuation is currently low. On the basis of this, the firm’s “buy-in” investment rating is maintained.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.