The Luoyang industry has been a source of international resources with diversified operations such as mineral trade, copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, tungsten and phosphorus mines through continuous overseas acquisitions in recent years.
The Hong Kong Industrial Holding Group has had the effect of falling prices for key products such as cobalt and tungsten, and the company has achieved M$ 3,063 million (-68.66 per cent), annual cobalt prices are expected to be stable, gold prices are expected to rise in the context of global liquidity easing, and copper and copper gold plates are expected to rise.
The Māori rate has increased over the previous year: Māori for titanium and phosphorus plate has remained stable: diversification of operations has enabled profit to be secured, sufficient cash to support growth in the future is sufficient.
During the year, the price of the company's copper and cobalt plate was reduced by 56.13 per cent, and the plate was partially operational, with limited additional supplies in 2020; on the demand side, China extended the new energy vehicle; on the acquisition subsidy until 2022, the motorization process in the automobile industry in developed countries accelerated demand support
Increased supply and demand structure in the industry, a steady increase in cobalt prices and a rise in the Māori rate compared to the previous year.
In 2020, China continued to promote tax cuts, increased capital investment, improved iron and steel demand, and sustained expansion of iron and iron demand, which will continue to maintain its competitive edge. Data cut-off date: 16/04/2020
Each year, the epidemic has had a negative impact on the non-ferrous metals industry, with a certain degree of corporate diversification, high hedge price risk, weak cyclicalization of the phosphorus plate, the benefit of the copper gold plate, higher gold prices, and a stable overall profitability of the company.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: we expect that in 20-22 years, the net return profits of the company will be: Wang Smin Risk factors: the epidemic has not been resolved for a long time, the company's overseas operations are not properly started, and production will be reduced.
Decline; demand for cobalt is not as high as expected; price of tiles is not as high as expected; the Luoyang molybdenum industry has become a home with copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, tungsten, gold through continuous overseas acquisitions in recent years.
In 2019, the world’s third largest metal trader, i.e., sixm, was bought to integrate the mineral trade and mining processing operations into large multinational mining groups. The Māori rate rose from the previous year in 2019: gold prices were expected to rise in the context of global liquidity easing, and the Māori rate for copper plates continued to increase.
Long: Pocket maintains a cost advantage and pelican plate Maori remains stable; diversified operations provide a barrier to profits, backed by sufficient cash, and can grow in the future. In 2019, the company ' s main business accounted for 71.61 per cent of mineral trade and 28.39 per cent of mining processing.
On 9th of the day, the proposed investment in Indonesia ' s nickel and cobalt project was announced, with a new energy field, and a diversified business. In 2020, the epidemic had a negative impact on the non-ferrous metals industry, with a degree of price hedge risk for company diversification operations, a weak cycle for stacking of phosphorus plates, and a higher gold price for copper plates, with the company ' s overall profitability.
Since 2013, companies have continued to acquire offshore operations and have abundant mineral resources. Copper and cobalt, platinum operations are now under way, owing to the limited supply of new energy supplies, the extension of China’s new energy vehicle acquisition subsidy to 2022, and the expansion of motor power in developed countries.
The dynamic process has accelerated to support the rise in cobalt demand and the price of cobalt is expected to stabilize: in 2020, China continued to promote tax cuts, increased capital investment, improved steel demand, sustained expansion of the demand for molybdenum, and continued competition for the scavengers.
Tungsten plate prices are not as high as expected.1 The Luoyang molybdenum industry - when overseas acquisitions take place, the mineral trade is synergizing.
The company now operates mainly in five continents, Asia, Africa, South America, Oceania and Europe, and is the world’s largest producer of tungsten and the second largest producer of cobalt and thorium, as well as the top five producers of molybdenum and the leading producer of copper, phosphorus.
Fertilizer production is the second highest in Brazil and the company's basic metals trade is the third highest in the world.1.2 Continued overseas acquisitions and integration of mineral trade have been made since 2013, when companies have continued to buy and invest in a number of high-quality mineral resources abroad, and the main business has gradually shifted from mirage.
The coexistence of diverse products such as molybdenum, tungsten, copper, cobalt, americium and phosphorus has led to a significant increase in corporate resource reserves, which are among the major integrated mining groups across the country. In 2019, the company completed the acquisition of freeport-mcmoraninc. (Freeport McMillen) and bhr hold 24 per cent of the tfm copper cobalt business in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which is currently combined.
80 per cent ownership of tfm; completion of the acquisition of 100 per cent ownership of the world ' s third largest metal trader, based in Geneva, Switzerland, and the laying of the metal trade industrial chain and the gradual development of synergies between the mineral trade and the production of the original mine.
Mineral production and mineral trading operations, such as smelting. Mining and processing can be broken down into the Democratic Republic of the Congo tfm copper and cobalt mines, domestic mines, Australia npm copper gold mines, Brazil phosphorus, four large slabs; mineral trading is mainly about profiting from low-risk arbitrage opportunities, and price movements for off-the-shelf stocking through derivative financial instruments such as futures contracts
Risk, divided into trade in minerals and metals and trade in refined metals. billions of yuan, or 71.61 per cent of the total, the large increase in corporate revenue during the reporting period was mainly due to the recording of revenues from spot transactions of ixm. After delivery in July 2019, ixm completed the physical trade in metals (sales) of 10,62 million tons and refined metals at the end of the reporting period.
In 2016, the company completed the acquisition of the overseas phosphorous and copper cobalt business, which remained one of the company ' s main businesses, with revenues reaching 40.52 per cent and copper and cobalt only 18.65 per cent. This compares with the company ' s traditional mining and processing operations in 2019.
The share of business is only 28.04%, with copper and cobalt plates contributing 43.26%, platinum and phosphorus accounting for 23.39% and 26.48%, respectively. The company has become an international resource provider with diversified operations.
The fall in product prices and the build-up of all of them has led to a sharp increase in revenue and a decline in the share of overseas operations. From Māori, the profits from domestic operations have been increasing, with Māori contributing 3,096 million yuan, or 42.31%, in 2019, and Congolese gross profits from operations accounting for 7.02% of the total Māori as a result of the decline in cobalt prices.
In 2019, as a result of a relatively large decline in the market prices for the main products of cobalt and tungsten, the company achieved a M$ 65.71 per cent reduction in its primary business. Of this, M$ 23.50 per cent was in mine selection and processing operations, a loss of M$ 1,478 million was in mineral trading plates, and a M$ 3.01 per cent was in the nuclear sector because Ixm was engaged in the current integrated metal trading business.
The operating costs of mineral trade are calculated only for the corresponding costs of off-the-shelf operations, the gains and losses associated with futures operations are accounted for in the fair change in value and return on investment, plus the gain and loss on the fair value of derivative financial instruments of ixm2,287 million dollars, which is a gain and loss on the after-surge mineral trade plate.
Since the acquisition of the offshore phosphorus, copper and cobalt operations in 2016, non-ferrous metals such as phosphorus, phosphorus ore with weak cyclical flushing of copper and cobalt have declined each year as a result of the annual decline in the volume and grade of copper minerals in Australia, and a small decrease in the Maori ratio of copper-related products, based on historical Maori data. And the company’s traditional business slabs have been technologically mature and low production costs, even in 2019, even as tungsten concentrates, tungsten concentrates, tungsten, tungsten and tungsten.
The price of ammonium tungsten has fallen, and the level of the plate is still 52.77% and is extremely competitive. Given the contribution of Mäori in specific operations, the gross profits from the sturgeon and thorphos operations have risen year by year in recent years to 52.54% and 29.65% respectively in 2019 (the total Mäori after the loss of the mineral trading plates has been removed).
3. Reverse overseas acquisitions, rich mineral reserves 3.1 Congolese tfm copper and cobalt mines. In 2016, companies purchased the Democratic Republic of the Congo tfm (tenkefungurume) for $2.65 billion from the Freeport Group
In 2019, the company purchased 100% of its stock of bhrnewwooddringsltd (bhrdrc) through bhr by bhr, bhr, bhrdrc.
Drc holds 24% of the tfm interest indirectly, with a combined share of 80% of the tfm. Tenkeungurume mine is located in the province of Katanga, Congo. The main products are electrolytic copper and cobalt hydroxide primary products, one of the largest copper cobalt deposits in the world and one of the highest ore grades. By the end of 2019, the area had found a mineral resource of 857.7 million.
Tens of tons, with an average of 2.9 per cent for copper; and 0.29 per cent for cobalt. Based on the annual production of 5.42 tons in 2019, the remainder of the mine ' s resources is available for 33 years. tfm has one processing workshop and two acid workshops in the Tankefungurume mining area.
For workers, the daily ore consumption of tfm rose to 14,800 tons, with an annual capacity of nearly 600 million pounds of copper and 37 million pounds of cobalt, with acid workshops having capacity to produce more than 2,000 tons of sulphuric acid per day. 168309 tons of copper metal were produced by the tfm cobalt mine in 2018 and 177956 tons in 2019.
18,747 tons, 16098 tons, with a cash cost of -0.31 per pound in 2018, the mine is one of the most competitive mines in the world. In 2019, the volume of corporate copper and cobalt plates was reduced by 7.47 per cent and the volume of cobalt sold was reduced by 7.47 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Figure 11: Official futures price: lme3 months of copper
The Luoyang industry is one of the world's largest producers of tungsten and one of the top five producers of molybdenum, and the company's traditional business. The company owns three mines, the maggot mine, the upper ravine mine, and the Hammy mine in Xinjiang, three of which are super-large protozoa symbiotic mines, which are part of the world's largest primary molten field, and the largest.
The company's main products are molybdenum, ammonium tungsten acid (apt), tungsten concentrate and other related products, while recovering copper by-products. By the end of 2019, the company had 1,342.41 million tons of molten ore in China, with an average grade level.
0.119%. Tungsten-bearing resources for the tri-tungsten mines of Sakakawa averaged 0.09%, and smorghums for the iron-smuggling resources averaged 17.50%.In 2019, the company produced 14918 tons of molten metal, tungsten metal 10722 tons (excluding the argon mine), iron concentrate
The production of mines (65% content) is 17.7 million tons. The net profit is guaranteed by the lower cost of production of the company ' s slabs due to a 10% drop in the price of black tungsten concentrate and apt tungsten. 3.3 Australia ' s npm copper gold mine
In 2013, the company acquired 80% of the rights and assets of npm (northparkes unionture) under the $800 million acquisition power. The npm copper gold mine is located in Australia and is primarily gold for copper concentrate and by-products, the fourth largest copper gold mine in Australia.
The resource is 616.33 million tons, with an average copper grade of 0.55%; the gold average grade of 0.2g/t. Based on current actual production patterns and available reserves, the mine can support 21 years of mining operations.
It is calculated that in 2019, npm produced 28591 tons of copper and gold, 19781 ounces less than the previous year, by 10,46 per cent and 21.89 per cent. As a result of the decline in copper prices compared to the previous year, the plate achieved a total of 1,322 million yuan, a decrease of 9.31 per cent, and in 2016, the company acquired the American and British Resource Group company aafb with $1.5 billion through the Hong Kong subsidiary Lomone Holdings.
(angloamericanfosfastosbrasillimitada), aanb (angloamericanióbio brasillimitada), each with a 100% shareholding, thus owning the Anglo-American Resource Group ' s entropy and phosphorus business in Brazil. Since aanb is one of the three largest producers of americium ore in the world, aafb has the highest-grade p205 resource in Brazil, and through this, it has the highest-quality p. 205 resource.
Sub-merger, the company became the second largest producer of phosphorus in the world and the second largest producer of phosphorus in Brazil. The main business was the sale of phosphorus in the international market, and the sale of phosphorus in the Brazilian market.
Mineral resources and phosphorus resources. By the end of 2019, 452.1 million tons of phosphorus ore resources had been detected in the area, with an average grade of 11.22 per cent, and 602.3 million tons of thorium ore resources, with an average grade of 0.47 per cent. Based on the current actual scale of production and available reserves, the remaining mineable years are 20 and 36 years, respectively.
Since the phosphorus business is in the agricultural sector and is relatively cyclical, the global market concentration in the quartz industry is higher (Brazil Minerals Co. has about 75% of global production), and prices are more stable, allowing for a better spread of the weekly price risks of other business plates. Over the last three years, the company has seen a growing harvest of phosphorus plates, and a steady increase in the Māori rate, which was achieved in 2019.
4. Corporate business outlook analysis 4.1 Indonesia ' s nickel and cobalt business has completed a series of major overseas resource mergers and acquisitions since 2016, and the company has grown into a mining and trading company.
In 2019, in addition to completing a small 24 per cent equity acquisition and a 100 per cent equity acquisition project for the Congolese tfm copper cobalt mine, the company intends to acquire the Indonesian Cobalt Cobalt Cobalt Cobalt Corporation, a subsidiary of Hong Kong, through the Lomong Consort, to create a new chain of industries with scarce resources in the field of energy.
On 9 November 2019, the company announced its intention to acquire 100% of the shareholdings of the current shareholder, Source Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Wow Sources Holdings”) of the limited Department of Cobalt (Indonesia) (hereinafter referred to as “Cobalt Cobalt”) at $112.87 or its equivalent. At the same time, the coffers acquired the existing shareholder, Indoneiamorowalidustrial, of Cobalt Cobalt in China.
Park (i.e. iip) holds 10% of the nickel-cobalt; after the acquisition mentioned above, the company will eventually hold 21% of the nickel-cobalt-cobalt equity in China-Croat indirectly. The company intends to realize the nickel-cobalt-cobalt equity that will eventually be held by the company after completion of the above-mentioned transfer of the equity, by means of a coffers-contribution in currencies of up to $69.1 million or its equivalent.
Through this investment, the company will be involved in the construction of a smelting project for nickel morowali industrial park in Indonesia (which is currently in the early stages of construction) for the production of mixed nickel oxide (mhp), which produces 60,000 tons of nickel metal annually. The completion of this investment will further accelerate the company's depth in the mineral industry.
4.2 Price trends in major products 4.2 Companies sell copper concentrate and cathode mainly to international markets, with a slight contraction in global copper consumption in 2019.
Thus, global condensed copper consumption has increased at an average annual compound rate of 2.62%, but in recent years copper consumption has not grown as fast as before due to the slowdown in the global economy. According to icgs, global refined copper consumption in 2019 was 24.29 million tons, a decrease of 0.81% from the previous year.
Since 2002, with China’s rapid economic growth, China’s demand for copper has increased. The consumption of refined copper has increased from 27,369 tons to 12,482 million tons, with an average annual compound growth rate of 9.34%; the global share has increased from 18.20% to 52.49%, making China the world’s largest copper consumer.
There has been a marked slowdown, and demand for refined copper has gradually stabilized, with refined copper consumption increasing at 0.45% and 0.35%, respectively, in 2015-2018, and Chinese copper consumption at only 1.0%. China ' s copper consumption will remain stable and will continue to grow significantly.
The share of consumption in the sector exceeds 10%; the transport and electronics sectors account for a larger share of 7.5% and the downstream sector shows that the electricity sector is the largest area of final demand for copper in the country. In 2019, our investment in the electricity grid declined from the previous year, with a cumulative investment of $4.856 billion in the infrastructure of the grid completed throughout the year, a decline of 10.65% from the previous year.
Each year, as a result of the new coronary epidemic and the economic downside pressure, investment in electricity, as one of the key instruments of steady growth, will take on the burden of stabilizing the economy and increasing employment. The initial investment in the national grid is known to be $450 billion, an increase of more than $4 billion over the planned investment of $408 billion announced in January; and a year-long investment plan for the construction of super-pressure projects is planned.
The construction and domestic electricity industries are important areas for copper end consumption. In 2019, the cumulative market area of our merchandise houses was -0.10%, and the rate of real estate sales stabilized; the cumulative area of land acquisition remained negative, and real estate investment increased.
In recent years, the production of air-conditioning has been rising year by year. In 2019, the national production of air-conditioning was higher than in the previous year.
As the outbreak of the new coronary epidemic has seriously affected market sentiment and the price of non-ferrous metals, the end demand depends heavily on how the epidemic will eventually develop. In the first half of 2020, copper demand fell as the epidemic raged, and domestic capital investment accelerated in the second half of the year.
In 2019, the global supply of copper contracted slightly. According to icsg data, global production of refined copper (original + regenerative) has declined at a rate of 23,949,000 tons in 2019, a decline of 0.62% compared to the previous year.
As a result of the mid-term panic, copper prices have fallen sharply, and the economic downturn is expected to dominate the market, copper prices have fluctuated. With many announcements of blockades on the border and the price of copper stacked below expectations, many of the overseas mines have announced a decline in production or are in the process of overhauling, and there has been a slight decline in the supply of minerals.
The growth rate was only 1.9%, with a total output of 21 million tonnes. We believe that the copper market in 2020 was two-fold weak in demand, with a flat price of 4.2.2 Cobalt — a new energy vehicle warming that contributed to a recovery in demand. Cobalt consumption was mainly in batteries, high-temperature alloys, hard alloys, catalysts, magnetic materials, etc., with new energy.
In 2019, batteries became the largest consumer of cobalt products, accounting for some of the effects on cobalt demand of the slowdown in global economic growth and trade frictions in Central America, the fall in subsidies for new energy sources, and the global increase in electric cars this year was slower than expected.
On the power market, as a result of the downside of new energy subsidies, there was a sharp decline in domestic sales of new energy vehicles in the second half of last year. According to the SICA data, domestic sales of new energy vehicles amounted to 1.26,000 vehicles for the entire year of 2019, a 4% decline in the same year.
For the first time in a decade, the production of new energy vehicles declined by 2.3 per cent, compared with 12.42 million in the same year, while the consumer market as a whole was weak in 2019, when China recorded about 370 million smartphones, a 7.5 per cent decline in the same year; and China ' s flat-plate market recovered slightly, with 2,241 million shipments, the first since 2015.
Figure 24: China ' s smartphone monthly output and growth rate in 2019 Figure 25: China ' s flat-board computer output in 2015-2019
In April 2019, the EU set a target for car emissions reduction and imposed strict requirements for car carbon emissions over the next 10 years, starting in 2020. As new energy vehicles became a national strategy, countries in Europe introduced subsidies and increased support.
Motors are subsidized by Euro6,000, Euro4-65 million for pure electric vehicles, Euro4,500 for plugs under Euro40 million, and Euro3750 for plugs under Euro4-65 million. In addition, mainstream cars are actively developing electric cars.
New-energy car development plans, with electric car sales proportionally or rapidly rising, will continue to roll out more than 50 new-energy car models in several of Europe’s major traditional automobile companies by 2020. European policies add to traditional-car companies’ active deployment of new-energy areas, and the size of the new-energy-car market will continue to expand.
On March 31, 2020, our regular session announced a two-year extension of the new energy vehicle purchase subsidy and the exemption from the purchase tax policy, which would make a great deal of money for new energy vehicles in the country. We believe that, despite the short-term negative impact of the epidemic on the volume of new energy vehicles sold, the acceleration of the electricization process in developed countries in the long term will contribute to the warming of new energy motor panels, thereby bringing cobalt back into play.
In addition, in the second half of 2019, the country officially entered a commercial year of 5g, and the wave of 5g in 2020 will increase the demand for cobalt in 30 areas. Thus, we believe that global demand for cobalt will not diminish.
In 2018, the global cobalt reserves were 6.8 million tons (metal volume), with 3.4 million tons in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, representing 49 per cent of the global reserves; followed by Australia, with 1.2 million tons, accounting for 17 per cent of the global reserves; Cuba, with 500,000 tons, accounting for 7 per cent of the global reserves; and the rest of the world, with a share of less than 5 per cent.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo continues to be the world ' s largest exporter of cobalt minerals in terms of the global distribution of cobalt deposits, with a contribution of more than 60 per cent in 2017, followed by Russia, Cuba, Canada, and others, where the output of cobalt raw materials has not changed.
Large, future growth in cobalt raw materials will continue to be concentrated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Adjustment of cobalt mineral volume. On 25 November 2019, Carta announced the closure of the world ' s largest cobalt mine, with an annual increase of 23.33 per cent in global cobalt mineral volume, compared with a 5.41 per cent decrease in 2019, and continued low cobalt prices led to a significant decline in global cobalt mineral supply.
According to Anteco research, in the first 11 months of 2019, the global production of refined cobalt was about 125,000 tons, an increase of about 5.9 per cent over the same period last year, with an increase of about 9.3 per cent, which slowed down. The slowdown was due to the low prices of cobalt since 2019, which led to lower levels of profit for refined cobalt producers and reduced incentives for expansion.
Cobalt prices will be stable in 2020, supported by limited additional supplies, China’s extension of subsidies for the acquisition of new energy vehicles until 2022, and the acceleration of the electricization of the automobile industry in developed countries. As the cobalt industry remains oversupplyed, it will be difficult to rebound significantly in 2020, but markets will return to shortages in the long run, driven by strong demand.
In 2020, while the outbreak of the new crown has had a significant impact on the automobile industry, the price of cobalt will rise steadily without changing the trend in major European countries toward new energy sources. Molybdenum is a silver-white metal, hard and tenacious, high melting point, better heat transmission, and less oxygen than air.
According to data released by the United States Geological Survey (usgs) in 2018, the global molybdenum resource reserves are about 17 million tons, 49% of which are in China, and the United States, Chile and Peru together account for 39% of the global molybdenum reserves.
The concentration is mainly in Henan, Shaanxi and Jilin provinces: the domestic supply of molybdenum is also concentrated in large-scale primary molten mines, and production of molybdenum from gold dumplings in 2017, the Luoyang Xiaochen and the Ichun deer smurf is 54.56 per cent of the country ' s total production. In 2017, the company ' s production of molten minerals was the second highest in the country.
In 2017, more than 80% of molybdenum was used to manufacture alloy steel, stainless steel and other alloys, 13% as ammonium molybdenum, sodium molybdenum, organic molybdenum, etc. were used in the chemical industry, while the remaining 5% were made of molybdenum, such as molybdenum.
Rusty steel produced 29.4 million tons of rough steel, an increase of 10.09% in the same year, and steel companies still have relatively high levels of profitability. The supply of molybdenum is slower than the expansion of downstream demand, resulting in an increase of 2.19% in the average domestic price of molybdenum and a pre- and post-war market trend in the domestic market.
According to the International Moll Society ' s imoa data, China ' s migraine industry has been in short supply and demand in recent years. In 2020, we will continue to increase our investment in railways, roads, and infrastructure and implement large-scale capital investments, and continue to push forward tax cuts, which will generate new investment increases in real economic development for the benefit of overall steel demand.
The demand for alloys in the steel industry is not expected to change significantly in 2020, as the epidemic stabilizes in the country. On the supply side, as the price of mussels remains relatively high, some of the mine production will either be halted or restarted, while on March 28, the Eichen deer will reboot.
The mining company Ltd. released molybdenum tailings, contaminated the water environment, completely shut down, short-term molybdenum supply declined, and we believe that the supply of molybdenum will increase slightly by 2020. The price of molybdenum is expected to remain stable.
Tungsten is a silver white metal with a high melting point, high hardness, high density, conductivity and heat conductivity, mainly for hard-forming alloys, special steel, etc., and is widely used in the defense industry, aerospace, and information industries, known as “industrial teeth”. In 2019, China produced 70,000 metric tons of tungsten, representing 82.35 per cent of global production.
tungsten-producing countries. The company ' s resources are associated with the salami mines in Sasakawa, tungsten products are tungsten concentrates and ammonium stungate (apt), the main market for which is domestic. In 2019, as a result of the Chinese-American trade war and the slowdown in domestic economic growth, the demand for the tungsten market was weak and the demand was weak.
According to Anteco, the country’s total production of hard tungsten alloys fell by about 10% in the first half of 2019; the original consumption of tungsten fell by 7% in the same year. In 2020, the state continued to promote tax cuts and investment in infrastructure development, which is expected to boost the country’s rapid growth in demand for tungsten.
But because domestic tungsten resources are heavily export-dependent, if an outbreak continues overseas, it will result in less than 5 per cent of overseas demand, a high level of gross profit from business and a good period of growth in cash.
The cash cost of the plate is at the industry’s leading level and is more competitive. In recent years, the Māori rate of the company’s silos has been rising and the cost advantage is evident.
Prices have declined from the previous year, with the Māori rate for company-related products falling by almost 8 percentage points, but still at a higher level. Compared to the  tungsten industry, the tungsten industry is the leading industry in the country, with the Māori rate for non-ferrous metal products such as  in 2018 being only 26.29%.
Even so, the company’s cash position remains relatively high compared to the asset ratio, with its monetary capital ratio exceeding 20% in 2017-2018, far higher than comparable.
Companies. In 2019, the share of corporate money declined, but the relative level remained at the forefront of the industry. Sufficient cash was sufficient to support the expansion and growth of the future.
We believe that by 2020, sixm will continue to exploit synergies between mineral trade and mineral extraction and processing operations, fully benefiting from its global logistics system and increasing corporate trade revenues. Given the current macroeconomic uncertainties, copper prices are in the tremor zone, cobalt prices are expected to stay stable, and capital prices are more robust.
The company plans to reduce production of its products in 2020, maintain production of copper and cobalt plates, increase production of phosphorus plates and gold plates, and we expect that the overall profitability of the company will continue to remain stable. Given the current economic environment, we assume that sales, revenues, and Māori will be sold as follows:
Risk factors: The epidemic is chronically unresolved, the company ' s overseas operations are not working normally and production is declining: cobalt needs are not as high as expected; and plate prices are not as high as expected.