New Olympic shares (600803), New Olympic shares reported in 2022: advantages of integration, zero, 28/03, 2023
A steady increase in direct sales opens up space, mainly because of the increased profit contribution from direct sales of natural gas. In 2022, the national gas consumption was 366.3 billion, down 1.7 per cent, while companies were able to maintain retail gas growth, with significant integration advantages.
In terms of sub-operations: 1) 12,199 million yuan, or 38.01 per cent more, of natural gas revenues; 3.5 million tons of additional processing capacity per year, and more than 10 million tons per year of built-up reprocessing capacity;  gas demand is growing steadily, and integrated layouts are helping companies to develop robustly.
The year was marked by the infusion of a receiving station in the canoe, where the company formed the upper gas source plus the upper-middle-stream storage and downstream customers, with a robust and integrated layout in volatile situations. 1) Gas source: International + Domestic Double Resource Pool, continuously optimized. New company in 2022.
In 2022, the company acquired 10 eng shipping resources, while increasing the capacity of pipeline air transport, and promoted the opening of 21 projects in the national network, the first year of which is expected to produce about 500 million downloads. 3) Client: " New Olympic shares (600803): 10 years worth 1
Sword, gasification break-up project, covering 20 provinces, business/residents/gas users accounted for zero gas in 2022. Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies have completed the injection of the New Olympic Energy and Ark Hill receiving station assets.
Realization of the entire chain of natural gas, robust growth of natural gas operations and strong leadership positions. 33.04 per cent; net return profit of $5,844 million, an increase of 26.17 per cent compared to 26.17 per cent; net gain of $4,671 million, a decrease of non-repatriation net profit of $4,671 million, a steady increase in retail gas, a substantial increase in direct sales performance and good cost controls
In 2022, companies achieved operating income of 15,044 million yuan, an increase of 33.04%. The growth in operating income of companies was mainly due to the structural wrongs of global gas supply and demand caused by geopolitics, Russian-Turkish conflict, leaks in the North Creek pipeline, shortages of European gas and changes in stocks.
The net profit of the company is $5,844 million, an increase of 26.17 per cent over the previous year; the core contribution is higher than in the same period in the previous year, with a significant increase in sales of coal, the impact of rising unit prices and a greater increase in profit contributions than in the same period in the previous year.
1 Gas retailing: operating income of $70.51 billion, or 23.44 per cent over the same period; Māori retail gas growth, with retail gas growth ranging from 2.7 per cent to 25.94 billion, with a prominent position in the industry.
The price spreads at the end of the city, while business clients are less than 14.9% to 3,507 million people due to the impact of the epidemic, and this is due to the fact that the sharp rise in gas prices has a repressive effect on domestic demand, with domestic and foreign prices falling back in 2023 and demand warming, and sales expected to rise again.
The sum of 0.31 yuan/mode has increased significantly to 0.72 yuan/moderate, which is the second half of the year when the Association began to build up the country 3 pieces of natural gas: 33.834 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 37.75 per cent. The Māori rate is 65.22 per cent, an increase of 0.5 per cent from the end of the previous year, with the rate of urbanization rising.
High, the company’s residential and commercial use of natural gas will grow steadily. The company’s new construction order amounts to $4.7 billion, of which the hydrogen energy order is $1.4 billion, or close to a third, and the future new energy engineering area 3) the energy production plate will be raised by $8.551 billion, an increase of 23.93 per cent; and the Māori rate is 24.89 per cent, an increase of the same amount.
The same increase of 4.68 pct, Māori contribution of 0.6 per cent, is the income generated by the company ' s merger-purchased canyon receiving station project (a full year list) in August last year. In 2022, the use of the eng receiving station on the coast of the country was generally low, owing to a combination of factors such as high overseas gas prices and a domestic epidemic that curbed economic activity.
A total of 153.26 million tons of natural gas were processed at the canoe receiving station throughout the year. The project was officially launched in October 2018, while the project was launched in June 2021, with an approved design processing capacity of 5 million tonnes/year, with an actual processing capacity of 7.5 million tonnes/year and a pipeline capacity of 8 billion squares/year.
Year; 3.5 million tonnes/year of additional design and processing capacity for three projects, approved by Zhejiang Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Commission (ZDRRC) and built up, the actual processing capacity for the construction of the post-disposal receiving station could exceed 10 million tonnes/year. By 22.24 billion kWh, the company had a cumulative total of 210 integrated energy projects with potential energy applications.
Up to 34.1 billion kWh; 54 projects under construction with a potential capacity of 7.6 billion kWh; 1679 projects under contract with a potential capacity of over 18 billion kWh; costs are well regulated; marketing, management, R & D costs are lower.
Net operating cash flows also increased by 5.94 per cent to RMB 150.06 billion. 1) Net cash flows from corporate operations increased steadily in 2022. 2. Demand for natural gas has increased steadily, with the integrated layout contributing to sound corporate development.
Each year, our new energy needs will be met mainly by clean energy, with total energy consumption controlled at 6 billion tons of coal, non-fossil energy at about 20 per cent of primary energy consumption and natural gas at around 15 per cent; China ' s natural gas share of total primary energy consumption at 8.9 per cent in 2021 will continue to rise in the future.
The increase in gas replaced coal was 130 billion square metres + the increase in new energy sources was 53 billion square metres + the replacement of fossil energy sources in other areas was 47 billion square metres, and the annual compound increase in domestic gas demand was 6.3 per cent.
Injection of stations, help companies raise their share of the natural gas market to better use natural gas supply and emergency reserves to facilitate a clean energy transition; companies create an integrated layout of upstream sources of gas plus medium-stream storage plus downstream customers. 1) Gas source: International + Domestic Double Resource Pools, sustained optimization. Companies pool their unconventional domestic resources to 3 million squares per day to obtain them.
Trilateral liquid plant resources reached 850,000 tonnes/year; long-term sales assistance was signed with international resource dealers, new LTA resources of 5.3 million tonnes/year in 2022, cumulatively 7.64 million tonnes/year, price-fixed US henryhub index/Brent crude oil index to spread risk at the end of 2022.
In 2022, the company acquired 10 ling ships at competitive prices, while increasing pipeline capacity, and launched 21 projects in 2022, the first year of which is expected to produce about 500 million downloads. The company had 500 million gas reserves, while acquiring gas reserves in the country’s network 23, Guangzhou, and China.
The gas storage capacity, such as the oil virtual gas reservoir, was approximately 150 million; in 2022, the canyon receiving station provided gas storage capacity services to 23 cities, both in and out of the province, for about 200 million square units, facilitating the full and rapid operation of the company ' s direct gas sales operations. 3) Clients: downstream customers are of good quality and the price-contribution mechanism is improving. By the end of December 2022, the company had 254 urban gas projects covered.
Tens of thousands of business users; companies were able to maintain a 2.7 per cent increase in retail gas in 2022, despite a 1.7 per cent decline in national consumption. Industry and business/resident/gas users accounted for retail gas in 2022. In February, the National Development and Reform Commission ' s Price Division sent a communication to the provincial development boards (Autonomous Communities, municipalities directly under the Central Government) stating that natural gas was being improved for research purposes.
The end-sale price-purchase cost linkage mechanism requires specific advice from various locations on how to establish a sound upstream/downstream price linkage mechanism for natural gas, including how to determine the cost of a comprehensive procurement, how to set scientific start-up conditions, the periodicity and range of prices; the introduction of policies will further streamline the upstream/downstream price linkage mechanism and protect the development of urban gas companies.
3. Profit forecasting and investment rating Companies have completed the injection of the New Olympic Energy and Ark Hill receiving station assets to achieve the full-industry distribution of natural gas; in the context of the volatile global energy situation, companies have access to strong upstream sources of gas, the redeployment of medium-stream storage resources and downstream advantages
Qualitative distribution channels, sound growth of natural gas operations, and a stronger leader. We have raised profit forecasts, 2023 - Economic recovery is not as good as expected: if domestic economic recovery is slow and energy demand is low downstream, companies are selling more gas at a faster rate, safe operations risk: corporate coal production will be large if there is a safety accident in the company's coal mine due to inadequate protective measures.
The risk of exchange rate fluctuations: companies still have a US dollar debt, affected by the global economic and political situation, and the future renminbi will be exchanged.
There is a risk that the exchange rate of the United States dollar will fluctuate considerably, and there is a risk of exchange rate fluctuations.