Direct gas sales and coal operations are leading to high profit growth, with new international shares (60803.sh) expected to increase performance elasticity.
The company published its annual report for 2022, which achieved operating income of 1540.4 billion yuan, an increase of 48.2 per cent over the year.
201.3%. The profit distribution programme found a gold dividend of $0.51 (including taxes) per share, with a high increase in direct sales, with 5.3 million tons expected to improve performance elasticity, and 36.204 million (as compared to 2.7%) of total gas sales in 2022, mainly due to passing through.
As the impact of the epidemic came to an end, socio-economic activity returned to normal and the country was expected to be natural in 2023.
Leung Yonan gas consumption is expected to rise again.
At 0.72 yuan per square dollar (ibid. + 0.41), we expect a significant increase in the direct sale price differential to be largely beneficial to the company by locking in low-priced, henryhub International Association of Governors resources to achieve high-price differential growth in 2022, while domestic and foreign gas prices remained high.
The international pool of resources, with 5.3 million tons added to the association ' s link between henryhub and a cumulative sum of 7.64 million tons of resources signed by the association, is expected to build further on the advantages of flexible interaction between the two sources, both domestically and internationally, and between the two markets in 2023.
Total gross profits increased year-on-year, and free cash flows were likely to increase compared to 1.89 pct, mainly due to a significant increase in the unit price of natural gas purchases, but gross profits increased by 15 per cent year-on-year, and free cash flows of $6,089 million (dismantling the impact of the buying ship ' s receiving station), compared to the same amount
The natural gas smart ecological operator's strategy gained a strong support point within the New Oak Hills year, and the company completed the acquisition of 90% of the New Oak Hills stock in 2022, committing itself to a performance of 2022 - 1196 million yuan and the actual completion of 402 million yuan in 2022.
One phase, two projects, approved processing capacity and actual processing capacity are 5 million tonnes/year and 7.5 million tonnes/year, respectively. Three projects have been approved and are under construction and are expected to be completed by 2025, bringing the actual processing to 10 million tonnes/year after completion.
In 2022, as a result of high foreign gas prices and domestic epidemics, the use of the coastal lang pick-up station was generally low. In this context, the cannery, small ship allocation, international bonding cans, etc., were actively engaged in various operations, exceeding performance commitments.
The fall in gas prices and the recovery of the country's economy are expected to unleash performance in 2023 and create deeper synergies with the company's demand ecology, resource ecology, and storage ecology, increasing the number of companies in different cities from a variety of sources, from supply to demand, to resource structure and facilities capacity.
The core competitiveness of the company is significantly enhanced by options in the field environment to achieve optimal combinations of strategies. Coal operations have increased rapidly, and forward coal production can rise to 10 million tons of coal and chemical products with annual revenues of 8.551 billion yuan (year-on-year + 23.9 per cent), while the Māori rate is 24.9 per cent.
The increase in revenue and Māori rates has largely benefited from an increase in the price of coal operations. 5.24 million tons of coal sales were achieved in 2022 (34.4 per cent compared with 34.4 per cent). The company is currently authorized to sell coal, leading companies, with 5.3 million tons added to the International Association of Governors in 2022, and after the project was infused.
Looking forward to a significant increase in performance elasticity: We appreciate the potential of companies to become integrated cleaner and new energy service providers, and currently maintain a “recommended” rating. Gas demand is not as high as expected: market prices in lang, both domestic and foreign.
In January 2022, he joined China’s Galaxy securities.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.