Starwoo's share (601799.sh) has reached an all-time high in the second quarter, with a client structure overhauled to accommodate a new growth cycle of 5,717 million, an increase of 29.2 per cent over the same period, and a net return of 594 million over the same period, an increase of 27.34 per cent over the same period.
2024q2, combined with the continued growth of stock clients and the build-up of new downstream vehicle-type projects (Questioners/Urey/Ideals/Chire/Kryptons, etc.), the company ' s record highs, its performance in excess of that of the automobile industry, and the complete restructuring of its client structure (from German solar system etc.) in 2024
The front lights have been continuously upgraded from led-adb-dlp, and the average price of the car lights has been raised. Carlights, as the core vehicle vision, have been able to upgrade the product, and industry prices have been raised year by year.
In the first half of 2024, the company undertook 38 new vehicle-type research and development projects, achieving 22 vehicle-type projects.
" Starwoo shares (601799.sh) - 25 per cent increase in quarterly receipts, new orders, production capacity, progressive release of the company ' s Serbian starlet capacity, taking over the client globalization project with Headquarters, " Starwoo shares (601799.sh) - increase in the average price of car light products, move forward in the global layout "
In addition, the company is registered to set up the Mexican and American Stars to further improve the overseas layout. On the product side, “Seam Shares (601799.sh) - Recapitulation and Outlook of Autonomous CarLogs” - the company continues to develop dlp slides based on dmd technology, and microled
Technology hd lighting and projecting intelligent prelights, pixels based on microlled/miniled technology Star Shares (601799.sh) - three-quarter collection beyond the auto industry, strategic collaboration Showing trans-lights, smart digital grids/digital bumps based on innovative materials and light-source technologies
• Innovative R & D, lamp controller hcm/rcm/lcu, and the development of a sensored car-lighting system. Investment proposal: adjusted profit forecast to maintain a better rating than the big market
In the case of new vehicle-type projects (Quest/Uri/Ideal/Chire/Krypton, etc.), the company has made a historic increase in revenue, which has outperformed the auto industry by 28 pct (car output grew at a rate of +4%). In summary, Starwoo experienced client transition pains from 2021 to 2023, with a complete restructuring of the client structure (from the German solar system) in 2024.
Joint venture clients are predominantly -- autonomous brands and new energy customers — entering a full new growth cycle.
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for S.A. Quarterly, Figure 7: Changes in cost of S.A. Q. Quarterly, Figure 8: Changes in cost of S.A. Q. Quarterly
Overall, 2024q2, stock sales have increased, with a build-up of the new power multipliers, and company revenue has grown faster than the auto industry by 28 pct. 2024h1 is higher by 29.20 per cent, car output by 4.93 per cent, and company revenue is higher than the auto industry by 24.27 pct. 2024q2 is higher by 32.07 per cent, and vehicle output by 32.07 per cent.
At 3.69%, the company's revenue went beyond the automobile industry by 28.38 ptt. According to China-China Air Association and company officials' microdata, the production of 202,402, Chirre, Audi, Toyota, Toyota, Red Flag, ideal production, Uranium, Daily Production from the East Wind, and Toyota.
At the end of the industry, the current trend in technology of carlights is towards electronicization and intellectualization. For front lights, with the spread of pre-red lights, the front lights are developed to adb, hd-adb and dlp, thus achieving acillary driving, information exchange, human vehicle interaction, and so on. For back-combined lamps, the back-to-back lights are combined into a cross-section.
There is a clear trend in the development of lights, with a combination of cross-cutting lamps increasing the size of the car’s tail light, making the whole car more beautiful and secure. On small lamps, the internal atmosphere has risen in response to consumer-specific demands, and has become a new growth point.
Figure 13: Vehicle rear taillight technology upgrade route Figure 14: Automotive climate light technology upgrade route Company end, product dimension enhancement new technology development application, customer dimensions continuously increasing the opening of new energy vehicle-type projects
Product dimensions, companies strengthening the development and application of new technologies, and through industrial chain synergies (Rain Soft Horizon, on the one hand, the company has in recent years enhanced the development and application of new technology for lights and introduced new products such as light controllers, “Mobble as One” solutions. Companies strengthening the development and application of new technologies, including, but not limited to: 1) the continuous development of foundations.
(dlp projector pre-lights for dmd technologies; (ii) continuous development of hd-lights for microlled technologies; (iii) pixel display interactive lamps for microlled/miniled technologies; (iv) innovative development of smart digital grids/digital bumpers based on innovative materials and light-source technologies; and (v) lamps control
The manufacturer hcm/rcm/lcu and the sensor lamp self-closing loop system are being developed. On the other hand, the suspense shares expand the capability circle through industrial-chain collaboration (Rink Soft, Horizon, Hwa-Dao, Path-Technology, Euromelt Semi-Climent, etc.) to open up new electronics for cars.
On February 16, 2022, Changzhou Starlight Co. Ltd. and Hua Tsang Ltd. held a signing ceremony in Dongjun, China, on a letter of intent to cooperate in light-lighted smart-car operations. According to the agreement, the two sides will win and win each other’s advantages by targeting services to global customers, and will cooperate strategically in the area of smart-car lights.
Close strategic partnerships to build sustainable development. The two sides will build smart car lamps from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, lead the development of the smart car light industry, create a sustainable and leading intellectual light system solution competitiveness in industry, and will fully engage in other business collaborations in the area of smart vehicle lighting.
In our view, the dlp project lamp is both an opportunity and a challenge for traditional car-lighting companies, and the industrial chain is particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the lighting industry.
In addition, the Seng Woo shares are working closely with Hua's Xiao Xiao, which is expected to be followed up. Figure 17: Mr. Lin Qun and Mr. Liu signed the letter of intent on behalf of the two parties
On September 25th, 2023, at the China-Autumn All-Autumn Launch, the Director of Smart Motor Solutions announced that aito asked the flag ship suv model m9 was listed in December 2023, and described the supplier's offer of a full front-and-back light for the m9 model, which was developed autonomously by the company.
The multipixel adb system, in conjunction with a multi-degree dlp module developed jointly with China, allows precision shielding of forward vehicles and pedestrians and significantly improves the driver ' s car safety experience.
Figure 19: Combination lights after m9 in 2024, m9 sales increased on a monthly basis, with a cumulative sales volume of 76,000 in January-July 2024. 1 June 2023, the shares of the Star and Eurometallurgical semiconductors officially announced the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement.
The two sides will cooperate extensively in the area of motor intelligence, working together to provide high-performance, low-cost, high-quality smart lights and autopilots to the automobile industry, among other products and solutions. In the development of smart car products, the two sides will work together to develop innovative products that meet market demand, such as intelligence, based on the Euromelt semiconductor dragon springs platform.
Products such as headlights, autopilots, etc., provide more intelligent solutions for the automobile industry. In the future, the two sides will also work more closely in a wider range of areas, such as standard technology, chip customization development, to provide stronger support for future-oriented innovation in the smart car field.
On October 15, 2021, Changzhou Starlight and Ion SoftTech Ltd. formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Hangzhou. Both sides will design and conduct optical sensors in smart visual systems based on rainbow soft technology.
Innovative development capabilities in the use, integration of system software and full-store visual algorithms and applications, and full integration and collaboration of the Star Unit in the production of sophisticated optical electronic products, supply chain management, etc., with in-depth collaboration around the deployment of artificial and high-performance smart visual products in the automotive field.
In addition, the horizon announced the completion of a three-round of $350 million in financing, with a strategic hold on a number of car industry chains, including Stars. On February 15, 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the horizon in Changzhou, announcing that it would "car."
Standard Chip Plus Algorithms is the core base, building on the accumulated experience of Starwood in the field of intelligent manufacturing over the years, using as entry points “Drop One”, with the objective of operational cooperation “to comply with the rules of the car, to achieve production levels, to meet delivery”, and strategic partners such as the United Nations mainframe plant, spare parts suppliers, etc., working together to advance the amount of the “Pour One Solution”
The " One Beacon " solution, developed by the Star Woo shares based on the Horizon Track ~3 Car Code chip, has been officially identified by a head car company in the country, using only a single-scree ~3 with a 5r6v sensor configuration, which can easily achieve a level I2+ car support, including a variant aid; and, at the same time, through softness
Optimization of the algorithm to achieve time-to-use recovery of the computational resources, enabling the integration of parking aids, such as parking on the same soc chip, which fully exploits the potential of the journey §3 through a unique software architecture to enhance product competitiveness at high cost, thus enabling more entry-type end-users to experience mobility aids
Figure 26: “Mobble as one” solution based on the horizon map 3 car chip development, Figure 25: Strategic collaboration between the star stock and the horizon
On 23 May 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed in Changzhou between the Seng Woo shares and the Beijing I-Technology Company Ltd. (Technology and Technology I), which will jointly promote products through strategic cooperation in the areas of vehicle-borne laser radar and intelligent driving technology development, integration of lamp products, production and manufacturing, taking into account the resources and technological advantages of their respective industries.
Technological innovation and market expansion. Since its inception, technology has been based on the concept of “the best autopilot infrastructure” and continues to grow deep in the field of pre-loaded long-range and near-blind laser radar technology, with high reliability, high-resolution, low-cost stationary solid-state laser radars as a strategic objective.
Radar products have been commercialized in several autopilot applications, order dimensions, quality new projects that provide strong guarantees for the future development of companies. 38 new vehicle-type research and development projects were undertaken by companies in the first half of 2024, resulting in 22 vehicle-type projects
Quality new projects provide a strong guarantee for the future development of companies. Client dimensions, where companies continue to scale up new-energy-type projects.
In the first half of 2022, the number of new energy-car projects undertaken by the company was about 40%, and the quality of the new projects provided strong guarantees for the company’s future development. Currently, the company’s clients cover the German public, the Volkswagen – the Volkswagen, the Daimler, the Beijing Mercedes, the BMW, the General Motors, the Volkswagen, and the Japanese.
There are a number of domestic and foreign car-building enterprises, including Bentota, Toyota, Hirotota, Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese citizen, Japanese Chinese, Chili, Chiri, Idea, Ulen, Peng, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, and some of the country's well-known new energy companies.
On October 12, 2023, the Global Partnership Assembly of the Ideal Cars was held in Changzhou in 2023, and the shares of the Xing Woo won the Ideal Motors Co-winner Award. The new journey, where the shares of the Xingwoo as strategic partners of the Ideal Motors, will always be a client, a partner, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team of people, a team, a team of people, a team of people, a team, a team of people, a team, a team, a team of people, a team, a team.
The advantage of stabilizing the quality of the product will help the ideal car to regenerate in a more open, trustful and win-win manner, and will contribute significantly to the revival of the national automobile industry. On October 17, 2023, the partnership conference was held on Fatty, with 2023, and Starwoo won 2023 dollars.
The best recognition of the quality of partner products and the process of their production is the most important award given to the partner.
On July 2, 2024, 2024 Mass Motors Group Providers' Congress was held in Wolfsburg, Germany.
As a partner with the Mass Motors Group for 25 years, the Star team has been fully committed to ensuring the quality and delivery of its products. The award is a tribute to the high quality of the service that Starwoo provides to the Mass Motors Group, as well as a full recognition of the company's domestic and Serbian factories, and an incentive for Starwood to accelerate the globalisation of its operations.
To further improve the international competitiveness of the company, figure 30: Starwoo won the 2023th Award for Partners of Excellence in Quality (nqpp) and figure 29: Starwoo won the ideal car “Collaborative Winner”
Figure 31: Starwoo's shares won the Mass Motors Award, Figure 32: Only 10 suppliers worldwide received the award for their production capabilities, companies promoted the global distribution of globalization and expanded overseas markets.
In addition, the company is registered for the creation of the Mexican and American Stars, a marketing and leasing company; and management consulting.
The company has completed the repurchase of shares to be used in follow-up to the employee holding plan. On 31 July 2023, the share of the stock was repurchased to follow up on the employee holding plan. 1) Up to the cost.
In addition, the company pushed for further digital change. In 2023, the company continued to push for digital change.
In 2023, the company gained national intellectual maturity, class III, intelligent manufacturing demonstration plants, green factories, etc., and the digital transformation phase was fully achieved.
In addition to the downstream new vehicle projects (ideals, Cyrus, etc.), the company's collection goes beyond the industry by 28 pct (mortality of vehicle output and +4%). In the medium and long term, new orders from Starwood shares plus new products + new production can protect performance. Client dimensions, currently in the new power (Peng, Ideas, Cyrus, some international knowledge).
A system of suppliers for new energy vehicles, etc., and self-owned head brand clients (Gili) have acquired projects, a vehicle-type portfolio, a new quality project that provides a strong guarantee for the future development of the company, a production dimension, the gradual release of the company ' s Serbian stellar capacity, and the hosting of the client globalization project in collaboration with its headquarters.
As new technologies, such as dlp project lamps and db lights, have been brought to the market, new technology development applications have been strengthened, and new technology developments in the company's current products are directed but not limited to the ongoing development of dmd-based technologies.
dlp projected smart headlamps, continuous development of hd lighting and projection intelligence lights based on microlled technology, pixel display interactive lamps based on microlled/miniled technology, innovative development of smart digital grids/digital bumpers based on innovative materials and light-source technologies, lamp controllers hcm/rcm/lcu and
On February 15, 2023, Starwoo and Horizon signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Changzhou to jointly promote the production of the "Mobble as One" solution, and the "Mobble as One" solution, based on the Horizon 3 car code chip, has been formalized by a head car company in the country.
Looking ahead, in 2024, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance from the release of new products, such as car-type orders plus overseas plants plusadb, dlp, and " one-stopping" solutions. The investment proposal is to adjust profit forecasts to maintain a higher rating than the big market.
On the long-duration lights track, 1) corporate products are intelligent, and in the light products, as well as new technology for mainstream lights such as the susp, dlp, starlight, gridlights, etc., progress in research and development and basic synchronization of global traffic lights; in the electronics of automobiles, as well as in the development and application of light controllers, sung-woo shares are strengthened and coordinated through the industrial chain (Glass, Huai, China, China, China).
(b) New energy generation for company clients, domestic markets, and suspense shares, active in the development of new power energy customers, with a rising share of new energy customers; and (c) Globalization of corporate customers: The plant in Selvey is the first vehicle-lighting capacity for the expansion of Sorbonne overseas, and currently, the Sorbonne stock front lights are estimated to be in the domestic market.
15% of the world’s cities are estimated to be between 3 and 4%, followed by the opening of global clients of the world’s globalization. Comparable company valuations: we choose Burtley, also with import substitution logic; Boda, the core standard of the engine chain; Tupou Group, a concussion-resive soundproofing company, to conduct comparable corporate valuations (comparable company’s market value level or industry).
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.