: On the night of January 15, 2021, Kyoto Easta released a non-public distribution of a stock stock in 2021
The company intends to raise up to $20 billion in non-public shares, which it expects to issue approximately $4.1 billion (about 12 per cent of the total stock stock before issuance).
(ii) Project to show the increase in capital in Chongqing East and build the 6th generation amoled (soft) production line in Chongqing, Kyoto (approximately $6 billion). (3) In addition, the collection of funds was used for: PV Replenishment in Yunnan (billion yuan); and PVC in Chengdu.
East Hospital Replenishment (500 million yuan); Repayment of capital loan to the Fuzhou City Investment Group ($3 billion); Replenishment of liquidity; Replenishment of a large amount of SWF subscriptions, mainly for the recovery of equity and new lines of replenishment. The company’s shares, not publicly released, received $4 billion from the SWF. The SWF is Beijing.
The large buy-in of the National Capital Fund highlights the attractiveness of the company’s current valuation and the future development of the market for it. Moreover, the bulk of this collection is for the acquisition of Wuhanking’s Eastern shareholdings and the refinancing of Kyoto’s East.
Of these, Wuhanging Oriental Photovoltaics was a company that had co-founded the tft-lcd production line (b17) in 2017 with Wuhan Harbour and Chang Parky King. The purchase price was reasonable and 24.06% of the equity was $6.5 billion, compared with the registered capital premium of 3.9%.
By completing the acquisition, the ownership of Wuhanking East will increase significantly from 23.08 per cent, while Chongqing East is the sixth generation of the "Kyotoa: Three Quarter Camps " , which was created jointly by the company and Chongqing City Industrial Fund in 2018.
The LCD industry has a high profile, and the acquisition of shares on the Wuhan line will boost the company’s performance.
Further consolidation of the industrial flagship, 2020.9.24 Growth and warming of demand, 20 years of significant improvement in supply and demand patterns, and the panel industry, which has been entering the landscape since mid-year
In 2021, the price of panels is expected to remain strong. On the demand side, according to industry chain research, the current stock of mainstream panel manufacturers is almost zero, and the terminal tv inventory is still low.
At normal water levels, it means that downstream demand is good, and terminal tv manufacturers still have space for supplies. On the supply side, there is a persistent shortage of upstream materials on the panel, with driveic and glass base plates suffering from eight inches of crystal shortness, respectively.
Shortages of goods due to the impact of the power outages at the Neg plant are expected to continue throughout the quarter. The supply of panels is difficult to mitigate in the short term and the price of panels is expected to continue to rise with the combined effect of the upstream stock shortages and downstream terminal replenishments.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. maintains a high annual panel price of its traditional reserve season.
b. Line 17 design capacity of 120k/month, currently in the production capacity slope, expected to contribute to the full benefit of the premium on the panel price and to boost the company industry in the first quarter of 21 years by the share ratio of the production line of 9th House of the City of Beijing, in the West Side.
Currently in the mobile screen market, the oled penetration rate is increasing rapidly, and the corresponding market size is expanding. The company’s oled product has been supplied to high-end aircraft since 2017, when it was first introduced by large domestic customers.
In 2020, the company’s products were also successfully imported into large European and American customers, and a bulk supply has now begun. As a domestic oled panel leader, the company has four amoled lines (included in the construction and planning process), of which Chengdu, the wiring line have been completed, and production capacity is being released gradually;
The construction of the Qingqing Line (b12) is expected to start by the end of 21 and gradually release capacity in 22 years. This acquisition will help companies build new production lines and further expand their leadership in the field of the led.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Kyoto East is well established as a global panel leader with full market sales of panels such as smartphones, \triangleright tablets, notebooks, monitors, television, etc.
The target increases and acquisitions will boost the company’s share in the new high-generation production line, thus increasing its performance and laying a solid foundation for its long-term development. We expect the public to enjoy the full profit elasticity of large-scale panel price hikes, and we see the company in 2021.
\triangleright \triangleright
Figure 1: The price of the main size of the tv panel has returned to the level of q4 in 2017 (in dollars) Figure 2: The revenue and profit performance of Kyoto Orientala Figure 3: The profit margin performance of Kyoto Orientala
Figure 4: Cost rates during the period in Kyoto Orientala Figure 5: R & D costs in Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan) Figure 6: Revenues and operating cash flows in Kyoto Orientala (billions)
Figure 7: Net profits and operating net cash flows from Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan) Figure 8: Inventory from Kyoto Orientala (billions) Figure 9: Accounts receivable from Kyoto Orientala (billions)
The Xian University of Electronics and Technology, which has been a leading researcher for almost five years in the semiconductor industry, has had experience with foreign companies such as Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor business incubation platform ic coffee, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early times.
Name; Crystalball 2/3 in 18/19; Gold Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19; Wuhan University Master ' s degree in 2018; South-West Securities in 2020; Sinda Securities in 2020; Semiconductor Products in 2020; Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences; and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering the consumer electronics chain.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.