The supply and demand environment continues to be optimized, and the industry's leading profit margins are rising rapidly. Date: 04/02/2021 - performance forecast for Kyoto East (000725.sz)
Events: The Beijing state-owned capital management announced a performance forecast for 2020, a dynamic field of innovation, and a new engine of professional segmentation of market growth.
IRC 11.68% The successive price increases have led to a marginal increase in the profits associated with the products and have contributed to rapid growth in corporate performance.
The company continues to expand its capacity to take up amoled high-quality track, raise funds to build flexible amoled displays of production, and allow the company to further improve the overall competitiveness of the panel.
lcd panel leader, strategic transformation is moving forward steadily: in 2020, the top five niches of lcd products, such as smartphones, tablets, computers, laptops, monitors, LCD TVs, were first, the top of the tablet was strong, and the company actively promoted the 8.5-generation Convergence of the Middle Panda in Nanking.
Each of these shares shows a relative depth of 300 indexes, all of which are 8.6 generations of lcd production lines for M & D, and improve the layout of the industry ' s technology lines. The company continues to build on the network 's transformation directions, its miniled, sensors, intelligent systems innovation, and intelligent doctors.
Many areas of innovation, such as industry, have become new engines of growth for companies. Supply and demand patterns have improved, and panel price increases have increased profit margins: industry, supply of chain raw materials and logistics have been hampered to some extent by the new crown epidemic, and the supply side of the lcd industry has been hit, but
Demand-side teleworking and online education rises, production sales such as cloud-led television and laptops are expected to be higher, industry supply and demand patterns are reversed and panel prices are more certain.
Inch and 55 inch rises by about $5. The company optimizes its product structure, its business performance continues to improve, and as the oscillation of the lcd industry rises further and Koreans withdraws, the profit margins of the products in question are expected to rise significantly, and the company will enjoy a full circle dividend in the upper panel price.
_aa_Kyotoa (000725) event evaluation report Expanding the capacity to seize the auled track: the company built 12 inches of silicon-led projects through active fund-raising and showed Chongqing East to build the 6th-generation amoled (soft) production line, 2020
Aaaking Easta (000725) Quarterly report reports a significant increase in the volume of flexible amoled products delivered in the year, but new discounts have been added due to the fact that the production line is still climbing _aaa_Kyotoa (000725.sz) is covered for the first time
Ha Qing-Wing, he's been under pressure in the past for a long time. As the volume continues to rise, economies of scale increase.
Rapidly, future companies are expected to break the technology monopoly of Korean entrepreneurship and further increase the risk factors for corporate integration: technological innovation is less than expected, market competition risks, panel price volatility risks, and Korean entrepreneurship is not moving as fast as expected.