Performance meets expectations and the panel climate continues to rise 20 years of performance and panel price increases lead to high performance elasticity \triangleright
The median net profit for the single quarter was $2.47 billion, an increase of 3648 per cent in the same year, 84 per cent in the ring, 1.76 billion in the net profit for the non-mother, and 980 million in the same period last year, a 65 per cent increase in the ring. The panel industry continued to grow, particularly with a sharp recovery in demand for products in the IT, tv categories, and the prices of products continued to rise since mid-2020, with companies operating.
Performance has improved considerably over the same period last year. Soft aoled products have increased significantly since 2019, and although the production line is still climbing, with additional depreciation, the company has now passed the Apple Certification, and the subsequent share of the oled is expected to continue.
The panel price continued to rise, with high viewing leading to high profitability \triangleright \triangleright May 2020 to date, and the panel price continued to rise, with average price increases of over 65 per cent for television panels of all sizes.
Supply side: Korea’s exit from the lcd production strategy is clear, delayed exit effects are limited, additional lcd production capacity in the country is limited and capacity constraints cannot be alleviated in the short term. Demand side: product innovation leads to a big television screen, the Olympic Games in 2021, the European Cup will be a powerful pull-up panel demand: a downstream television vendor.
Previous stocks are well under five weeks of secure storage, which is expected to increase the stock and drive panel demand. The level of profit from the panel taps continues to rise, with tcl predicting a net profit loss of $133 million for 20h1 and a net profit loss of $2.45 billion for 20h2 and an increase of over 140% year-on-year.
We believe that the company underestimates and maintains a “recommended” rating. Television output falls short of expectations, offshore manufacturers slow out of LCDs, and production capacity climbs short of expectations.
A few shares, and the panel taps go even further.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,