An increase in the acquisition of a small number of shares, and a further increase in the development of the panel: $1 billion for the Qingdong production line project, $1 billion for the Yunnan vision and 12 inches of silicon project, $500 million for the Tokyo East, and $3 billion for repayment of loans and supplementary flows of $3 billion.
The proposed increase, mainly for the acquisition of a few shares and the construction of an unled production line, with State funds participating in 4 billion \triangleright times pb, has helped to improve the company’s ability to control the Wuhan production line and improve its management efficiency.
This year, more than 10 million pieces are expected to be delivered. This is the target country of the proposed increase in the Unit compared to the 300-degree trend.
Participation is $4 billion, highlighting the strong support of the state for the company. Prior to the company’s completion of equity incentives, core staff incentives were put in place, helping the company to unleash flexible performance.
\triangleright May 2020 to date, panel prices have continued to rise, with average price increases of over 65% for television panels of all sizes. 21m1 continues the upward trend and is expected to continue to reach 21o2. Supply side: Korea factory exits lcd production strategy with clear delay.
The sound is limited, and the future production of additional lcds in the country is limited and tight in the short term. At the demand end: product innovation has led to a big television screen, with the Olympics in 2021, the European Cup, which will be a powerful pull panel demand: the pre-stocking of the downstream television company is only 4.3 weeks, well below the five-week secure stock, and is expected to increase the supply and drive the panel demand along.
The price of the panels has risen dramatically, and the level of profitability of the leading companies has continued to rise. According to tcl performance forecasts, China Star 20h1 net profit loss of $133 million and net profit of 20h2 has reached $2.45 billion, a year-on-year increase of more than 140%.
"Recommend" ratings for companies understated.
Q2 revenue and equity incentives have improved significantly.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.