Kyotoa (000725.sz)
Performance forecast is slightly over-expected, and the price increase for lcd is the major driver's performance in 2020
Prices grew by an average of 64 per cent from the low point and by 18 per cent from the q4 one-quarter ring; they also benefited from a modest increase in the “household years”: the price of the int-lcd increased by an average of 13 per cent from the same year to the year 2020, while the q4 one-quarter ring increased by 9 per cent, consistently exceeding market expectations.
In the first place, depth has benefited from a period of increased profits and increased profitability as a result of increased panel prices. lcd price increases have continued, profitability will continue to rise in January 2021, while tv and itt-lcd have increased by an average of 4% over the market.
In our view, there is still a supply and demand gap in the first half of 2021 and uncertainty about the supply of raw materials, such as swimming glass base plates, and a small increase in the price of lcd is expected; In the second half of 2021, new production lines were released and sports events such as the Tokyo Olympics were launched.
In the event of a balance between supply and demand, the price of lcd is expected to stabilize. Overall, we expect that the average price of lcd in 2021 will exceed the average price of 2020q4, that the profitability of the panel manufacturer will continue to improve and that the company will continue to perform in 2021.
The panel manufacture is a technology-intensive and capital-intensive industry, with a lower willingness to build new lcd lines at a later stage of maturity, and an industry entering stock during a competitive period. Companies raise their market share through M&As, with a projected 8.5 generation line and capital in Nanjing.
8.6 Generations are expected to be at 2021q1 on the table, with the addition of b17 production-line capacity climbing, and the company’s market competitiveness and profitability will be further enhanced. Product structure and business layout, and emerging operations will enter the harvest period: on the one hand, companies, on the other hand.
The proposed acquisition of wiring equity to enhance management efficiency, and the future of the operations of the oled is expected to be profitable with new customers, new product expansion and better production lines; in the Mini-led case, the commercialization of the mini-led is accelerated, and the company-related IT, tv products in 2021 are expected to be realized
The company’s profitability has stabilized, new business has steadily advanced, and net corporate interest rates are expected to remain above 5.5% over the next two years. As a global panel leader, the company’s investment proposal will benefit in depth from the price boom, considering that it will be able to make a difference.
"Kyotoa: the panel leader, which will continue to expand in the future" "Kyotoa: the promise of continued improvement, buy back and highlight the company "Kyotoa: the proposed acquisition of a share of the electric panda production line, the face"
2.12 times. We believe that the lcd industry is becoming less cyclical, that manufacturers have the ability to make profits, that there is a strategic expansion of the manufacturing industry and that the city is going to be stable, and that emerging products such as old, mini-led backlights will enter the harvest period.
“Kyoto a: Māori performance improvement trap has arrived, and the Division's performance growth has increased in certainty, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Change and cyclical tipping points: Exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.