A 20 billion more is proposed for perfect layout.a (000725.sz)
The incident company issues a fixed increase plan for no more than 35 selected investors, including the Kyoto Swe Fund, for which the purchase price is currently 20 trading days ' shares.
Eight percent of the average price of the ticket deal, and the net funds to be released in public are expected to be no greater than the acquisition of Wuhan King's eastern photovoltaic shares and the global display of the profits of lcd, which has produced a huge market of hundreds of billions of dollars.
Thank you very much: Jang Sting. The company is going to use $6.5 billion to raise money to buy the weapons that Wuhan has at the airport, 14.44% of the shares of Han King's Orient Light Power and the Wu Han King Light Power Fund.
9.62% shareholding. The design capacity of the Vuhanging East line of 10.5 is 120,000 metres/month, and it was achieved by the end of 2019. We believe that, due to the increase in supply and demand gap, the price of the lcd panel is at the end of the year, and the lcd manufacturer is about to make a profit gain.
Building production-line control capacity, as high generation lines correspond to higher economies of scale, anticipates that the b17 line will significantly increase corporate profits in the face of panel price hikes. Butt's emerging technology quickly raises market share as amoled shows.
Commercial maturity, ihsmarkit expects a 50% break in 2023 in mobile phone amoled penetration, and vehicle displays and vr will open up a new growth space for amoled displays. The company intends to use 46.5 billion yuan to “show a replenishment for Chongqing East and build Chongqing Dynasty in Tokyo.”
The 6-generation amoled (soft) production line project, with a capacity-building capacity of 48,000 units per month and a 48-month construction period. We believe that the line will be based on a variety of high-resolution oled technologies, that the capacity of the project will gradually be released each year, and that the support company will further expand its market share.
Using the $3.4 billion “Observing Photovoltaic Replenishment to Yunnan and the construction of 12 inches of Siliconylled projects”, it is expected that the project will result in the production of an average annual production of 5.23 million oed micro-monographs, with enabling companies rapidly seizing market shares in emerging areas such as vr/ar.
With the construction of an Oriental hospital in Tokyo, with a strong “healthy China” as part of our development strategy, McKinsey's consultancy predicts that China's digital medical solutions will reach their value by 2030, with the deep integration of electronic information technology and health-care uniforms into the industry.
To 2-7 trillion yuan. The company is going to use 6 billion yuan to recapitalize the Eastern Hospital in Chengdu and build it into the Eastern Hospital in Tokyo. We believe that this time, the company will continue to expand the system of medical services under the company's nose against the public.
"Kyotoa: Famous, will continue to expand." "Kyotoa: expected to continue improving performance, buy back the company.
2.31 times. We believe that the company, as a global liquid crystal panel leader, is entitled to the lcd system " Kyo Orientala: proposed acquisition of a share in the production line of the electric panda to create a profit-height dividend; the market share of the layout amoled is expected to increase rapidly;
The strategic expansion of the Stewardship and the next city, the great ambition of the one plus four carrier project, this time, will boost the company's payoff.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Macro-level capture, top-down excavation of investment opportunities in different segments of the industry chain, different industries; in-depth understanding of industry landscapes and changes in the industry chain, good at managing marginal changes and cyclical tipping points: exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.