In Kyoto,a the industry has a high profile, with a significant increase in business performance and a recovery in demand for tv and t-type products. In 2020, the company is expected to achieve a significant increase in business performance.
The main reasons for the growth in performance during the reporting period were: 1) timely restructuring of the company’s internal strategy to optimize its product structure, with a steady annual increase compared to the previous year; 2) higher industry climate, with a sharp recovery in demand for products in the IT tv category and a sustained increase in product prices from mid-2020.
The firm’s performance has increased significantly over the same period last year. 3) The company’s flexible amoled product has grown significantly from 2019, but the line of production is still climbing, adding depreciation short-term pressure. As the volume continues to increase, it is expected that the company’s overall competitiveness will be further enhanced in the future.
There are several areas of transformation, semiconductor displays, miniled, sensors and solutions, smart system innovation, and intelligent medicine. Multi-line operations have increased significantly, and there are plans to increase the share-holding ratio in management efficiency.
The Department announced that it would buy Wuhan's East Light, 14.44% and 9.62% of Wuhan King's shares, respectively, at a total cost of $6.5 billion, after which the company would hold 47.14% of Wu-King East Light and Power. Wu-Han-King's revenue is mainly from construction operations.
In the context of price improvements at lcd, this acquisition will help to boost corporate profits. In addition, the company announces a proposed gain of $6.339 billion for 23.75 per cent of the share of the Yangtze East under the Pine Yangtze Fund.
The share in Yangjing will increase from 66.67% to 90.42%. This is a concession to optimize Yangjing’s Eastern equity structure, improve management efficiency, and meet the requirements of the Tokyo East Development Strategy. lcd panel prices continue to rise, and profitability is expected to increase.
Since the second half of 2020, panel prices have continued, with mainstream-size prices increasing by more than 60 per cent as of December 2020, 32 "prices up by more than 90 per cent, 43 "fhd~55"hd by more than 60 per cent, and capacity, improved supply and demand patterns, which will reduce the cyclical nature of the sector and contribute to long-term corporate development.
Kyotoa: 20 billion fixed acquisitions of 10.5 generation line, contribution A:q3 continued to increase profitability, active participation in industry integration 20201112
Kyoto Easta: Icd ' s profitability in the panel price was not as high as expected; the oled production line was not as advanced as expected; and business integration was not as high as expected. Good, equity incentives highlighted development confidence 20200901
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Electronics: optical optical electrons