Performance meets expectations, and production capacity continues to increase. Events: On the evening of 29 January 2021, Kyoto East issued a performance forecast for 2020, which is expected to materialize throughout the yeara (000725.sz)
q4 performance meets expectations, and price increases + capacity releases contribute to higher performance. During the 20q4 quarter, the company period. We believe that the four-quarter ring increases are largely determined by the rise in panel prices and the release of production capacity within the company.
(1) Panel price: According to witsview data, the prices of the four-quarter tv panel rose by 18-20%, and the t panel by 5-13%. At the same time, the price of the quarter panel remained strong, with prices of tv and t panels increasing by 3-5% in January alone.
In addition to the release of production, the company’s extended and purchased electric panda production line is about to be merged, bringing significant growth in production capacity to the public. In September 2020, the company announced its acquisition of the teddy panda Nanjing.
Both lines of production, 60k Nanjing g8.5 generation design capacity, mainly the tv panel, and 120k Chengdug8.6 generation design capacity, mainly the tv panel. Both production lines are expected to be completed and presented in 21q1 and will contribute about 11.15 million m2 to the company in 21 years.
To benefit from the accelerated expansion of production capacity brought about by extended M&As, the company's 21-year large-scale capacity will increase by the same amount.
“Kyotoa: Three seasons of historic highs, panels, companies with three six-generation aoled lines, of which Chengdu and Swilight have been completed and are now gradually releasing their capacity; Chongqing is under construction. On January 26, the company announced its announcement.
“Kyotoa: proposed acquisition of cec Nanjing, Chengdu line, report stating that 23.75 per cent of the share held by the Psiyang Development Fund is proposed to be awarded $6.39 billion, and that the "Kyotoa:q2 net profit boom, equity boom"
After this acquisition, the two six-generation amoled lines are now in production in the east of the country with a higher shareholding ratio. Of these, Chengdub7 is fully-owned, and the share in the line will be raised to 90.42%.
Proportional shareholding will help companies to fully enjoy the development dividend of amoled and is expected to open up a long-term profit forecast and investment rating: Kyoto East is strong as a global panel leader, smartphones, and Sinda Securities Inc.
Flatboard computers, notebooks, monitors, televisions, etc. have the highest sales of panels in the world. At 20q4, the company benefited from higher panel prices and the release of capacity.
In Beijing, the 9th House of the City of the West Side, building 9th Street, is now profitable. Looking forward to 2021, the company's output growth will be significant. Moreover, the high-level stock-taking line will help the company to open up long-term growth space. We expect the company to be 2021.
16x, 13x, respectively. The company, as the panel leader, will fully enjoy the profitability elasticity of the productive energy release and the price increase on the panel, and we look forward to the company’s performance in 2021 releasing its ability to maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company.
\triangleright Figure 2: Net profit performance by parent in Kyoto Easterna Figure 3: Net profit performance by non-mother in Kyoto Easterna
Figure 4: Revenue and profit performance in Kyoto Orientala Figure 5: Profit performance in Kyoto Orientala Figure 6: Cost performance in Kyoto Orientala
Figure 7: Research and development costs in Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan) Figure 8: Revenues and operating cash flows in Kyoto Orientala (billions) Figure 9: Net profits and operating net cash flows in Kyoto Orientala (billions)
Figure 10: Kyoto Easterna Inventory (million yuan) Figure 11: Kyoto Orientala Accounts Receivable (billion yuan)
Experience, familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics industry chains. Also a sponsor of the home-renowned semiconductor business incubator coffee, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early. Pacific Securities 2017, in 2018, in which securities were offered; Crystal Ball 2/3 in 18/19 in the electronics sector; and Golden Bull Award 18/19, in 18/19, in 3/2 in the electronics sector.
Li Xiaoqing, Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, joining Southwest Securities in 2018, Sinda Securities in 2020, covering semiconductor products Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering the consumer electronics industry chain.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.