The most powerful sales, the first breakthroughs in health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences.
In the era of new vaccines, 10 years of opportunity. As we said in "Innovation" Cattle, published in October 17, China's vaccine market has experienced a "traditional vaccine" and has entered the age of "new vaccines" for 17 years. Demand has fallen short, consumption has increased, and this is a great opportunity for 10 years. In the 18th quarter, Pacific medicine led the most powerful bottom of the market to recommend new vaccines - Ji Fei, Kang-tae.
This report is the second in the depths of the new vaccine company, prepared for a long time, and continues to lead the market to the idea of “new vaccines” veritable creatures.
Acting + self-researching, the strongest vaccine industry with the most powerful product line. 1) The company started off as an agent and built the strongest vaccine marketing system: the sales team, with more than 1,200 people, has covered 30 provinces, 327 municipalities, and 2,248 counties, with more than 25,400 vaccination sites.
Pneumonia, hepatitis A to 4-price hpv, five-priced rotavirus, ongoing collaboration, estimated to be 9-price hpv with an intelligent flight agent; 2) Principally developed species: 5 currently on the market and more than 20 under study, of which ec diagnostic reagents and microcards for prevention are currently completed, total equity/flow (million shares)
The three-collar & hpv & five-priced & prophylactic microcard & 15-priced pneumonia & three-generation dysentery will show “How the net profit of 6 billion is refined.” The exclusive ac-hib benefits gradually replacing the heb single seed, ac-combined, with a potential net profit of 1 billion; and the four-price hpv.
Thematic report on new vaccines: Life Top, Net Profit of a Billion, Net Profit of an incremental market contribution of 650 million (not taking into account the contribution of a nine-priced hpv on the market for the time being); five-price rotavirus First - 2018/03/01
The most powerful sales, the first breakthroughs, the growth of the Bull stock, the 150 billion market value in the medium term. The market, while aware of Ji Fei's ability to sell, ignores the company's powerful product lines (own + agent), and the vaccine industry is expected to make the first 3 billion net profit.
A breakthrough in the therapeutic biopharmaceuticals would open up long-term growth space and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
1.1 Vaccine agents with the most powerful sources of genetics. The most developed vaccine distribution network in the country has been set up by vaccine agents. More than 1,200 people are currently sold by companies. The marketing network covers 30 provinces, 327 municipalities, 2,248 districts, and more than 25,400 vaccination sites, which are the most powerful distribution channels in the country.
Since 2007, autonomous research and development varieties have been on the market, product lines have been expanding, and there are more than 20 product reserves in companies, which have formed a powerful product pipeline. Corporate equity is clear, and Chairman Jiang In-sheng holds 54.13% of the shares and is actually in control of the company.
The company, which includes bacterial vaccines such as meningitis at Beijing's smart green price camp; tuberculosis and virus-type vaccines at An Quantico Longcoma's main camp, is involved in a smart investment (the chairman holds 90% of the shares) in biopharmaceuticals and cell therapy. Sliding. Income and profits fell considerably in 16 years as a result of the Shandong vaccine incident.
After that, with the boost of the ac-hib triad, the company’s 17-year boom in performance, with revenues of 1,342 million yuan, a 201% increase in the same year, and a net profit of 432 million yuan for the mother, a 1229% increase in the same year. The best sales, and the first breakthroughs, were made.
The company ' s agent business grew rapidly in 17 years, and the revenue structure has led to a decline in the Māori rate, with a downward trend in the cost rate during the period: 1) the re-agent sale of Mashadon 23-priced pneumonia, hepatitis A vaccine in 17 years, and the marketing of the new agent 4-price hpv vaccine; 2) 3-synchronous seedlings led to a continuous increase in the Māori rate of autonomous varieties; 3) the cost rate during the period appears to be higher, with the industry back on track in 2017, as the industry re-established itself in 2017.
The company ' s revenues have increased significantly, and the cost rate has decreased significantly over the period to a reasonable level. 1.2 Agent & R & D is flying in two wings, and product lines continue to improve.
Five varieties, of which the ac-hib triple seedlings have been sold for 17 years, amounting to about 4 million, with revenues of about $850 million, are one of the main growth points in corporate performance. In addition, the company’s agent, Moshaldong, has 4 prices for Hpv, 23 prices for pneumonia, and hepatitis A, among others, and the 4 price Hpv vaccine is expected to grow into a 1 billion-dollar net heavy-pound strain.
The company has a rich research and development pipeline, with over 23 projects at the research and development stage, of which 2 have been reported and 10 are in the clinical order: 4 declared clinical cases and 7 pre-clinical studies.
Production has been declared and is expected to be marketed in 19 years, with a rich stock of varieties providing the impetus for the company ' s continued development. 2.1 A combination of ac-hib triple seedlings, which are listed immediately, is pure a group, c group of meningitis glucose, b type haemophilus influenzae sugar, and tetanus, respectively.
The combination of co-priced, purified and added to the adsorption of aluminum hydroxide sepsis can also prevent invasive infections caused by encephalitis and haemophilus influenzae type b in groups a, c and c of meningitis. ac-hib is on the market at the end of 2014 and officially sold in 2015.
4.89 million, which was released during the first full year of marketing, indicating a strong market demand for the triple seedlings. A separate dose of ac-hib vaccine, with a very high price ratio compared to the ac-hib vaccine, was administered separately in 2017, after the Shandong vaccine incident, which stopped after 2016q1, and after industrial rehabilitation, with 4.7 million batches, ac-hib recovering.
1) The prevention of the disease is the same. ac-hib triple vaccine can serve as a combination of ac- and hib vaccine; 2) a significant reduction in the number of vaccinations (4 vs. 8 doses). ac combined 4 vaccinations (base 3 times, plus 1 dose) and hib vaccinations 4 (base 3 times, plus 1 dose), i.e., the entire immunization process requires 8 vaccinations, while ac-hib triple vaccinations are required only.
4 vaccinations (basic 3, plus 1). Reduction in the number of vaccinations meets multiple needs: (i) reduction in the number of cases of infant and young child vaccinations, reducing the cumulative risk of repeated inoculations; (ii) reduction in the number of visits by parents to vaccination sites, saving time; (iii) reduction in the number of vaccination doctors.
The cost is 680 yuan/agents/persons and the price difference is not much different, while the difference in actual end-of-life vaccination costs is less than $200.
There are currently four varieties of Hib-related vaccines sold in the country, namely, hib, ac-hib, albino-hib, and pentagrams. The average annual batch issuance of hib-related vaccines is about 5.3 million copies over the last three years. Based on 16 million newborns, the penetration rate of heb-related vaccines is about 33 per cent, based on 16 million newborns.
We believe that the reasons for the high market penetration are two: 1) parents are more aware of invasive infections caused by haemophilus influenzae type b; 2) long-term academic promotion of immunization practices developed by vaccination workers. It is expected that there will be a clear but still significant trend in the future of the Hib-related multi-plastic seedling replacements for heb single seedlings.
The main reason for this is the replacement of the heb-type multiple seedlings. In 2017, the volume of the heb epidemic was 1,145 million, or 2.9 million, the quantity of which is about 58% of the share of the heb vaccine, the share of the heb single seedlings is still dominant, and the distribution of the ac-hib triple seedlings is about 24%, so we believe that ac-hib still has huge replacement space.
With a projected peak of $10 million in sales and a net profit of $1 billion per year, the country will have about 18 million newborns per year, and a market penetration rate of about 35 per cent for the heb-related vaccines, or 6.3 million copies of the market demand, and we expect that, under the trend of replacing the heb vaccine, the coverage rate of the three seedlings is expected to reach 40 per cent, or a peak of about 2.5 million and 10 million.
The price is 212 yuan/b (the winning bid minus 3 per cent VAT), the net profit rate is 50 per cent, the peak income is 2.1 billion yuan, and the multi-bullet ac-hib is a good pattern. The ac-hib is the global exclusive species, the domestic production of the Lei-Bio in the research species has been reviewed and is expected to be marketed in 18 years, and it is expected that Wisdom will occupy the majority of the cities with nationwide distribution channels.
In addition, Chengdu Olin was approved in January 17, with no public information on progress in clinical research. It is expected that intelligent flying organisms will monopolize the market in the country for three to five years. 2.3 Other autonomous R & D varieties will have stable overall sales.
The company’s four other autonomous varieties, the hib vaccine, the acyw135 vaccine, and the ac group, have matured in combination with the domestic market for vaccines, some of which are affected by multiple seedling substitution and have a downward pressure. We expect that the overall income of the four varieties will remain stable, contributing around $100 million a year in net profits.
Due to the impact of multiple seedling replacements, there has been a marked decline in the volume of Hisb vaccine batch issuance, which is expected to continue to shrink in the future. The company ' s Heb vaccine has been issued in 17 years for about 2.1 million doses, and is expected to be under pressure in the future, but the share of the heb vaccine revenue is low, so that both the ac brain multi-sugar vaccine and the acyw 135 brain vaccine are used for the prevention of epidemic meningitis and the market for both products.
The treatment is a two-way immuno-regulator, and clinically used as an ancillary to tuberculosis chemotherapy. The product has been growing steadily since it was marketed, earning more than $80 million in 14 years and falling in the last two years, and we expect that it will stabilize at around 50 million in the future.
In addition, microcard preventive adaptive production has been declared and it is expected that the market space for microcards will be greatly expanded in 19 years when it is marketed.
The 3.1.1hpv vaccine is the best option to combat cervical cancer, which is the third most common malignant tumor in women, with more than 500,000 new cases per year worldwide and more than 250,000 deaths per year from cervical cancer.
Cervical cancer can be considered an infectious disease, and vaccine control is the best option. There are many factors that induce cervical cancer, and high-risk Hpv continues to be infected. 60% of cervical cancer is related to two sub-infections (16, 18) and 80% to four sub-infections (16, 18).
18, 31 and 45), 90 per cent of cervical cancer is associated with nine sub-infections (6, 11, 16, 18, 31, 33, 45, 52, 58). Hpv vaccine is the most effective preventive measure against cervical cancer, and in 2013 the World Health Organization included Hpv vaccine in its monitoring targets for cervical cancer, and currently has three Hpv vaccine, developed for the high-risk Hpv sub-infection.
3.1.2 Hpv (cervarix, hpv16, 18), Hpv and Hpv (gardasil, msd). 3.1.2 Subsistence to the global vaccine best-selling list, Mercerton monopolizes the Hpv market, according to evaluatepharma statistics and projections, the global vaccine market in 2015 is about $30 billion and will be insured between 2015 and 2020
With a compound growth rate of about 7 per cent, the vaccine market will reach $42 billion in 2020, of which the global roll-out of new heavy-pound vaccines will be the second best-selling vaccine in the world, with the Hpv (gsk+msd) vaccine sold at around $2 billion in 2015, and the market share at 8.6 per cent, after the 13-priced pneumonia of the Lord of Vaccines (Pfizers), with the expected Hpv vaccine market at $2.8 billion in 2022.
Figure 21: Global market share of heavy-pound vaccine varieties in 2015 has three Hpv vaccines currently on the market globally, including Gsk's Shretty (2 prices) and Messathon's Jadathe (4 prices) whose markets have been emptied since.
The market share of Mercado products is well overgsk, mainly due to the fact that gardasil-4 (6, 11, 16, 18) covers more Hpv subtypes, while the price of 2 cervarix only prevents 16, 18 subtypes. In addition, the U.S. fda approved 9-price hpv vaccines (6, 11, 16, 18, 31, 33, 45, 52, 58) to be marketed at the end of 2014, new products could prevent 90% cervical cancer, new products
3.2 The domestic market is over US$ 10 billion, and strong marketing channels helped to quickly release the 4-priced Hpv vaccine agreement between the company and Mercerton in 2012, and the two parties signed a new supplementary agreement in September 17, raising the price of the Hpv vaccine.
Billions of dollars, cumulatively $6,545 million, are nearly $2.1 billion more than the original base purchase. We expect a 4-priced Hpv vaccine to be sold well beyond the base purchase through strong academic outreach and nationwide distribution channels.
(a) The number of new cervical cancer cases per year exceeds 130,000, accounting for about 28 per cent of the global number of patients, and there has been a trend towards early childhood in recent years;
Vaccination of women aged 20 to 45, using a three-dose immunization procedure, is applied to the prevention of cervical cancer caused by the human papilloma virus (hpv). The population of women aged 20 to 45 is approximately 270 million, the market population is huge, and the gsk ' s 2-priced Hillary is on the market for a short period of time, is not vaccinated on a national scale, and the country ' s Hpv market is almost empty.
Income per capita in urban and rural areas has increased from 34,000 yuan to 12,000 yuan in 2016, increasing the population ' s interest in health and disease prevention and its willingness and capacity to increase health-care spending. In recent years, the urbanized population has increased, with the urban population accounting for 2016.
In comparison, urban residents are more aware of their health than they are already 57.35%; as a result of the high cost of health care, urban residents will be the main target group in the Hpv vaccine market. Women between the ages of 20 and 40 have the highest level of knowledge of the Hpv vaccine.
The level of awareness of the relationship between hpv, cervical cancer, hpv vaccine and 3 people varies, with women aged 20-31 and 31-40 years having the highest knowledge of the relationship and about 80 per cent willing to be vaccinated against Hpv: those under 20 years and those aged 41-60 are the most well sold.
The knowledge of the three is significantly lower than that of women of other ages; the highest rate of knowledge and willingness to be vaccinated is the same as the four-priced Hpv vaccine. In addition, of the 50 medical workers, 31 were willing to recommend Hpv vaccinations for women of appropriate age, 62 per cent, and of the 50 government workers surveyed, 42 were willing to promote the spread of the Hpv vaccine in China, 84 per cent, indicating doctors and politicians.
There is a strong will to promote Hpv vaccines, and we believe that the factors affecting Hpv vaccination rates are mainly three: 1) capacity to pay: 4-priced Hpv vaccines at a winning price, 3 doses/persons at a high cost of about $2,400.
The higher the probability of vaccination among the population with higher incomes, the higher the rate of vaccination among women aged 30-40 years in terms of capacity to pay; the higher the rate of vaccination among urban women; and the higher the level of awareness among women in Tianjin, based on the results of the survey on the level of awareness of the Hpv vaccine among women in Tianjin.
The higher the probability, the higher the cognitive probability of vaccination for women between 31 and 40 years of age. 3) Prevention effects: Cervical cancer vaccine is the best for women who have not been infected with the Hpv virus and, in effect, the younger they are, the higher the rate of vaccination; although prevention of cervical cancer is the weaker for women who are older and sexually active, it is “talk about cancer change”.
For cancer-preventable products, everyone is willing to inoculate, especially for higher-income women, where the cost of prevention is low, and therefore the vast majority chooses to inoculate; taking into account the three above-mentioned factors, we make the following assumptions about the rate of vaccination of women in urban and rural areas of different ages, taking into account the following assumptions:
The country ' s Hpv vaccine capacity is estimated at 26 million copies: \triangleright 10,000 copies (270 million people of appropriate age, equivalent to nearly 10 per cent penetration), stock market based on the price of 2,300 yuan per person per plant.
Taking into account the market release process, assuming a market share of 12% per year, the sales would be about 7.5 billion yuan, 18 million yuan, referring to the current rates for women in the United States of America of 63 per cent and men of 50 per cent, 20 per cent for women and men in general, 23 million yuan per person, or 8.6 billion yuan, and if Wisdom had a 50 per cent share, 4.3 billion yuan.
3.2.2 “Consumption attributes” + “Ingenuity channels”, Hpv vaccines will be released quickly Hpv vaccines will be released at an accelerated rate and Hpv vaccines will have the same points as “medical beauty products” with high-end consumption properties: 1) predominantly female consumer markets
This is why we believe that Hpv vaccine is similar to high-end consumption, such as medical beauty, and that it is easily transmitted among women, and that the greater the number of vaccinations spread, the higher the number of vaccinations, the higher the distribution network and the stronger academic spread of Hpv.
The company has a well-developed marketing system and a professional vaccine cold chain distribution team. The company’s sales team is more than 1,200 people, 100 to 200 of them specializing in hpv academic outreach. The marketing network has covered 30 provinces, 327 municipalities, 2,248 districts, and over 25,400 vaccination sites.
As of February 18, the product had been awarded in 25 provinces (municipalities directly under the Central Government), and in other provinces and elsewhere, it was expected to complete most of the departmental and municipal tenders in 18 years.
In a situation where vaccination qualifications are expected to be liberalized, the two sides intend to set up an adult vaccination clinic, run a vaccination pilot at the health screening centre under the umbrella of the Year, and now have vaccination qualifications in Taihara, Changsha, and Wuhan.
3.3 Mossathon’s Hpv is expected to be imported by the end of 18 and continues to lead the country’s Hpv market, where Hpv’s Hpv vaccine is expected to be imported by the end of 18.
In response to the Prime Minister's request to expedite the import of urgently needed medicines, the Prime Minister requested the authorities to expedite approval, guarantee supplies and bring the latest cancer vaccine, such as hpv, as soon as possible, during a visit to Shanghai Hill Hospital on 11 April.
The Hpv vaccine has been the subject of a global clinical trial for the Asian population, and this declaration anticipates reporting this part of the data to China for import. We believe that, driven by a top-down policy of accelerating the approval of imported medicines, a nine-priced Hpv vaccine is expected to be imported by the end of the year and is expected to be marketed by the beginning of the 19th.
(a) The prevailing policy requires that an offshore vaccine enterprise exporting vaccines to the country should designate an agency within the country to sell all vaccines imported by the manufacturer in a uniform manner, whereas, until then, Sersatón had been an agent, and in order to change agents, it was necessary to replace the agent of the entire product, with the possibility of almost zero;)
Twisdom is a long-term partner of Mossadung, representing various species such as hepatitis A eradication, 23-priced pneumonia, 4-price hpv and pentavalent rotavirus, and long-term cooperation shows that the best sales in the country are highly recognized by Mersatung; 3) Moshalton Self-Building: If Mossa East builds itself, it will take a very long time to replace agents, and the second competition will not be matched by domestic firms, and the third will sell itself with net profits.
It is expected to be 9-26 years of age, and the short- and medium-term synergies with the 4-priced hpv are obvious.
I estimate that the market space for the next nine will exceed $40 billion. Given the fact that the nine-priced agency agreement has not yet been announced and the multi-factorial impact of production capacity, we are not counting the impact of the nine-priced hpv on the performance of the wise-flying organisms after it has been approved.
The Hpv vaccine produced in the National Hpv project, which was declared production at a price of 2 per cent, was the fastest-growing species of national production: Shanghai, the most powerful and the first to break through Zeyun, Xiamen University/Care Hall, and Chengdu's 4 per cent Hpv vaccine (aged 18-45).
Clinical phase 3; Chengdu 4-priced hpv (9-45) is in clinical phase 2; Shanghai 4-priced Hpv vaccine is clinical stage 1; Xiaomen Wantai and Shanghai Zeyun 9-priced Hpv vaccine were approved in 17-18, but public information (Pharmacion) has yet to find progress in clinical trials.
In the next five years, Hpv vaccines from 5-6 firms in the country are expected to be marketed, including Mossatung (4-price hpv, 9-price hpv), Chengdu (4-price hpv). In terms of product competitiveness and channel layout, we believe that Mossaton ' s 4- and 9-price hpv are expected to occupy the vast majority of the market share of the country under the most powerful vaccine distribution channels in the country.
3.4 Quadrax is expected to be marketed in 18q3-q4 and the agency business continues to expand. Rotavirus is the leading cause of severe acute gastrointestinal inflammation among infants and young children, with about 10 million children suffering from cycling every year in the country.
The virus infected gastrointestinal inflammation, which accounts for about a quarter of infants under 2 years of age, is the leading cause of severe diarrhoea in infants and young children. The potential market space for t-virus vaccines is enormous because of the most powerful sales of the disease and the first breakthroughs.
The market size is about $1 billion. 17 years of five-priced global sales of about $700 million, the sole agent of Ji Fei, and 18q3-q4 is expected to be marketed.
One of the pounds. In April 18, the variety was approved for import in the country for about 6-7 months, from the acquisition of registered documents to listing for sale, and is expected to be marketed in the third to fourth quarters of 18 years.
2) Extension services, which were paid 2% out of the factory for the first three quarters as market extension services by Moshalton, which is expected to contribute more than 400 million dollars net profit/persons after the sale of the steady state of the 5-priced Rotavirus vaccine.
Tens of thousands, assuming a peak income of $2.7 billion, 15-20 per cent net profit, exceeding $400 million net profit. 4. Heavy-pound varieties have been approved, with continuous expansion of research and development pipelines, 4.1 microcard plus ec diagnostic reagents to prevent tuberculosis treatment.
In the absence of effective prevention and control measures, the incidence of tuberculosis is declining slowly. During the “12th Five-Year” period, the country reports an annual rate of about 900,000 tuberculosis patients, an estimated 70.1 million cases, an estimated 830,000 cases in 2016, an estimated 61.1 million deaths, an estimated 2,500 deaths from tuberculosis, and a slow drop in the tuberculosis epidemic, mainly due to two points: 1) there is currently a lack of high-value screening methods and screenings.
Combining sub-bacterial infections (ltbi); 2) lacks an effective vaccine to prevent tuberculosis in adults. The ec diagnostic reagent is the most cost-effective method of detection. The screening of ltbi is currently based mainly on classic ppd skin tests, but the method is not specific and does not distinguish between BCG inoculations and ltbi, so the pd skin test is very useful in screening ltbi.
Limited. Gamma-disturbant detection methods are highly sensitive and specific, but their higher prices limit their wider extension. ec The diagnostic reagent is a new method of infectious bacterium bacterium hemorrhoids, which distinguish between BCG and ltbi. Clinical results show a 93% recombination of the fruit with gamma-combustant and a cheaper price, which is best suited for a nationwide ltbi screening.
The main mechanism for preventing tuberculosis is to increase human immunisation and achieve preventive treatment for the potential infection of bacterium tuberculosis, i.e., preventive treatment. A study by a national scholar, Liu Yuandong et al., found that microcard pre-med.
The anti-tuberculosis strategy is better than the traditional smoky thorium and control group (not treated), with 100 ltbi in the microcard group, 1 out of 100 ltbi in the hemorrhoid group, and 4 out of 100 ltbi in the control group. The company sells microcards for clinically assisted treatment of tuberculosis patients, which improves the cellular immune function of tuberculosis patients.
The microcard is an extension of its treatment program, which is clinically used to combine the prevention of tuberculosis among the sub-bacterial carrier. Millions of people are carriers of bacterium tuberculosis, and our country has committed itself to a 90% overall reduction in the incidence of tuberculosis by 2035, or around 100,000 cases per year.
(a) Prophylactic micro-cards and ec diagnostic reagents were declared in April 1818 and are expected to be given priority after production.
The province of Gansu included tuberculosis screening in the tuberculosis control programme in Gansu province. In 2015, we had 17.29 million primary, 11.41 million lower secondary, 8.78 million upper secondary and 7 million university enrolments, respectively, totalling approximately 44 million people. The company's ec test agent is expected to be priced at 80 yuan/agents, assuming 50% implementation, with a future peak sales of approximately 22 million.
In the second case, a peak income of 1.8 billion yuan and a net profit of 500 million dollars, the micro-card market was measured for prevention: reference clinical three pilot programmes, with a projected population of 15-65-year-olds at high risk of tuberculosis, six doses every two weeks. We expect the student population to be the primary consumer of micro-card prevention.
The number of new university students is about 16 million, based on a 20% prevalence rate (about 20% for the country as a whole), about 3.2 million people are carried by people, conservatively based on a 20% penetration rate, and the market needs 6.5 million copies, based on 400 yuan per needle, 6 needles per person, with a peak sales value of 1.5 billion yuan and a net profit of 780 million yuan. We expect the microcards to be on the market to produce more elastic performance than Hpv.
4.2 With its rich variety and its many heavy-pound varieties accelerating the development, the wise-flying organisms have established the most powerful vaccine marketing system in the country, while the company has a strong research and development capacity and stock of products, with nearly 250 company researchers and researchers investing around $100 million in 17 years, and is at the forefront of the vaccine industry.
With regard to the duct line, in addition to the market's known triple seedlings, hpv vaccines, rotavirus vaccines, ec+mic cards, the company has set up new vaccines, such as 15-priced pneumonia and three-generation rabies, as well as antibody drugs and cell therapy (intellectual investment), which are followed by the approval of products to open up a growth space.
15 Pneumonia Combining (pcv15): Increased Pneumonia Combining better for the Asian population Active immunization is the most effective means of combating pneumococcal infections. Pneumococcal-induced diseases are ranked among the highest priorities for preventable diseases by who, at the same level as malaria, are higher than Hpv, Hpv and Hpv.
Diseases like acyw135, on the one hand, illustrate the great danger of pneumococcal disease and, on the other hand, that vaccine immunization is the best way to combat pneumococcal-related diseases. Between 2000 and 2015, global deaths from pneumonia fell by more than 30%.
In 2000 and 2010, respectively, the global mortality rate of infants, infants and children under 5 years of age and pneumonia decreased significantly, further demonstrating the significant clinical significance of the primary immunization against pneumococcal infections. The clinical Pneumococcal vaccine has two types: 1) multi-sugar vaccine (ppv23), which is purified by pneumococcal membrane multiple sugar extracted from pneumocococcal membranes.
Consumed to apply to children over 2 years of age, but whose immunological properties are low and do not trigger an internal t-cell immune response, immune protection is weak and the time limit for protection is short; 2) Pneumonia combination vaccine (pcv) is a combination of pneumocococcal membranes extracted and purified in co-prices, which greatly improves their immunological properties and causes both b- and t-cell immunological responses, and is under 2 years of age.
Pfizer pcv13 highlights the global vaccine king who has achieved prevention gains of $6 billion a year. With the approval of the United States in 2010, pcv13 has been incorporated into national immunization plans in more than 100 countries and territories around the world, and is the most widely used pneumococcal in the world.
Given the high immunopathy and better protection for populations with low immunization systems over 65 years of age, the United States Advisory Committee on Immunization (acip) recommended in August 2014 that 65-year-olds who had not been vaccinated with pcv-13 should be vaccinated with 1 pcv13 and 2 ppv23. As a result, Prevnar-13 sales increased by $1.9 billion in the United States in 2015 and exceeded $6.2 billion in global sales.
Pcv15 adds two subtypes to pcv13, which are more suitable for the Asian population. Pneumocococcus has more than 90 serotypes, but the serotypes that cause invasive infections are relatively concentrated, and there are slight differences between the Asian population and the European and American regions. The 13-priced pneumonia that is currently on the market is developed for 13 vulnerable types in the European and American regions, with higher protection rates, and for Asia.
People in the region are less susceptible to serotype coverage than in Europe and America. The 15-priced Pneumocococcal combination vaccine developed by Ji Fei Bien added two serotypes, 22f and 33f, on a 13-price basis, covering two sub-types with higher detection rates in Asia, which are also in line with the country’s prevention needs and are more effective in terms of prevention.
(a) The domestic market space for the combination of pneumonia vaccine (pcv 13/15) was 7.2 billion yuan, and in 2015 Pfizer suspended the sale of pcv-7 domestically, with an average of 720,000 batches of approximately 180,000 copies in 2010-2014;
Six companies in the country are now in the clinical stage of pcv13/15, the fastest progress being achieved by Yu Creek Watson's 13-priced pneumonia, which was included in the priority review in April 18, and is expected to be marketed by the end of the 18th year. In September 17th year, Chi Fei's 15-priced pneumonia was approved for clinical treatment and is currently in foreign business.
With reference to the market penetration rate of the two types of vaccine, i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e.e., i.e., i., i.e.e.e.e.e., i.e., i., i., i., i., i., i., i., i., i.e.e.e.e., i., i., i.e.e., i.e.e.e., i.e.e., i., i., i., i., i., i.e.e., i.
It's 50% or more. We're expecting a 15-priced market share for pneumonia, a peak sales income of about $1.8 billion, and a contribution. Chart 44: A peak sales assessment process for the smartfly biopcv15 rabies vaccine (two-fold cells): promising to become a 1 billion net profit heavy-pound species.
\triangleright An average of 15 million copies per year of wild seedlings in the country, dominated by the vero cell type II seedlings. Our average number of rabies issued in the last three years was 72 million, affected by Shandong vaccine in 2016, resulting in a reduction in batch issuances.
With less than 60 million units and a recovery in 2017 after industrial rehabilitation, nearly 76 million units, or about 16 million units, are expected to remain stable at around 70 million units, or 15 million units, with a market size of about 4 billion yuan; in terms of vaccine types, the share of the market is 90% based on a higher value ratio (about 250 yuan per person).
Three-generation rabies are more secure than second-generation rabies and are expected to gradually replace the current two-generation ecstasy - the Vero cell ecstasy - which is the dominant ecstasy worldwide, with more than 1 billion doses of global use, but three-generation ecstasy rabies vaccine, which is non-recognizable and safer, is now widely used in Europe and America, and has not yet been used.
It is expected that the domestic market will gradually replace the second-generation deranged seedlings: 1) safe and non-cancer. The human double cell strains are human-source cells, safe and non-magnogenic.
There is no evidence of cancer, but the National Pharmacy has been added on a secure basis to the gold standard rabies vaccine, as determined by WHO.
Middle- and antibodies, with no serious adverse effects, have been identified by the World Health Organization as the gold standard for rabies vaccine; 3) North America and Western Europe, among others, have been dominated by three generations of ecstasy. Currently, the United States uses three generations of ecstasy instead of two generations of vero cell ecstasy, mainly because of the perceived cancer cell properties and the risks involved.
The competitive pattern is good, and the three generations of Ji Fei's Elevre are expected to become a 1 billion net profit heavy-weight breed. The three generation of Elevators currently on the market in the country are only one in Doo Condao, but their products have not been released since they were marketed in 2014, with a batch of about 1 million, with only 200,000, in 2017, mainly due to two reasons: 1) high process difficulties leading to large-scale production
(ii) High pricing, with a discount on the value of the product, at a tender price of approximately $1250 per person and about five times the price of the vaccine of two generations of vero (250 per person). The sales of the three generations of Ji Fei are expected to increase by $1.5 billion, with a net profit of $800 to $1 billion. The annual demand for rabies in the country is about 1,500.
Tens of thousands, assuming 20% of sales of Chi Fei's products are on the market, at $500 per person, the sales revenue is about $1.5 billion, and it is expected that 3-4 firms will share the market within five years of the net 3 generation Elevities, with a good pattern of competition. Of the country's currently three-generation Elves, Conte Rhodesis Vaccine (mrc-5) is in the process of on-site inspection and is expected to be marketed by the end of 18 for domestic research and development.
The fastest progress has been made; Chengdu is currently in the third phase of the clinical process; Ji Feilongkoma, who was approved in May 17, is currently in the first phase of the clinical process and is expected to be approved in 21 years; and none of the other publicly available information (Pharmación Ideas) shows that clinical development is likely to be linked to technical difficulties, and competition is expected to be good over five years.
In April 1717, the company released a non-public release plan to issue no more than 100 million shares to no more than five institutional investors and natural persons, raising no more than $2.35 billion.
Project on co-vaccination (phase I), “Project on the industrialization of rabies vaccine (two-fold cell) for the Ji Feilongkoma people” and “Project on the R & D centre of the Jilongkoma Biopharmaceutical Garden (a) Project”, which are mainly used for research and development experiments and clinical trials of selected vaccine products, to be addressed in the project on commercialization and commercialization of vaccine products
The scaling-up of the post-natal period will allow companies to enrich further the product structure, improve the industrial chain, take full advantage of the differentiated nature of the product, meet different market demands, and further leverage the technological, product, customer, brand and management resource advantages of the company, and enhance the firm ' s core competitiveness and sustainable development capacity.
Profit forecasting and valuation: vaccine “one vote system”, 3 per cent value added tax (VAT), with the winning bid divided by 1.03 as a non-tax-free plant price.hib-related vaccines received more than 20 million doses per year: 12 million hib singles in 2017, and Ji Fei tria (ac-hib)
4 million, 1.5 million, 1.5 million, and 2 to 3 million, respectively. There is no competition for the 3D vaccine in hand for five years. The 5D vaccine is marked at $600/blank, 283/blank, 218/b; and the 3D is close to $100/b.
\triangleright projects the sale of 10 million \ts and a net profit of 1 billion \ts: 18 million births, 4 per cent per year, 35% penetration of \hib-related vaccines, 40% of the \twig3s, or 10 million.
Interest rate measurement is $105 per unit. 2- 4-priced Hpv vaccine, taking into account only the stock population, is estimated to have a market size of about 26 million (270 million persons of appropriate age, equivalent to almost 10 per cent).
A market share of 12 per cent of the year, with sales of about $7.5 billion, and a 4-priced Hpv vaccine by Jiffy Bioagent, contributed 1.1 billion yuan a year at a 15 per cent net profit rate.
Assuming a 20 per cent coverage rate for women and men as a whole, at $2,400 per person, the sales would be $8.6 billion, or $4.3 billion if Ji-fui had a 50 per cent share, with a net profit of $650 million measured at a net interest rate of 15 per cent. There are two types of Hpv vaccine (gsk) and a four-price Hpv vaccine (Meshathon, Ji-fui) already on the market in the country, with coverage.
Given the uncertainty of multiple factors such as agency agreements yet to be published, product pricing, and capacity, we have not yet measured the performance contribution of the nine-priced Hpv after it was marketed.
3. Five-priced oral rotavirus vaccine is currently the only single-priced rota virus (a group) vaccine in Lanzhou, requiring about 2 million copies per year. The five-priced rotation is expected to be at least \triangleright.
The most powerful sales, the first to break, are currently not on the market in the country, and Mercerton's five-priced vaccine is expected to be on the market in 18q3-q4 and Ji Feiji. In the course of the country's research project, the application for iii-type recombinant vaccine for the virus is on the market for approval, and others are in the process of being reviewed.
Enterprises are in the early stages of research. 4, ec diagnostic reagents + microcards for prevention. ec diagnostic reagents: Our primary, lower secondary, upper secondary and university enrolments in 2015 were 1.72 million, 1.41 million,
\triangleright 8.78 million and 7 million people, totalling about 44 million people. The company’s ec test agent is expected to cost 80 yuan/agents, assuming 50% implementation, will sell about 22 million doses in the future, with a peak income of 1.8 billion yuan and a net profit of 500 million.
\triangleright is a major consumer of microcards. Every year, we have about 16 million new students enrolled in high schools and universities, approximately 3.2 million carriers, conservatively 20% penetration, and 6.5 million in market demand, based on a 20% penetration rate.
(a) The 13-priced Pneumonia Pfizer vaccine was on the market in the country at the end of 16; Watson is expected to be approved by the end of 18; Conte is expected to be approved by the end of 19;
Pfizer's winning price is $698 per cent, with a projected price of $500 per cent for national production and $600 per cent for Ji Fei's 15-price pneumonia. 3 million copies of the 15-priced peak of pneumonia are expected to be sold, with a net gain of about $1 billion: 18 million births per year, four hits, \triangleright, \triangleright, \triangleright, \triangleright
Six or three generations of rabies vaccine, 15 million copies per year, three generations of rabies already on the market - technical capacity and marketing strategies for Condolence, \triangleright
The winning price of $1250 per person was too high; Contet's third generation deer was notified of the production site inspection in January 18, and is expected to be approved by the end of 18: Chengdu is currently in clinical phase 3 and has been recruited. The three generation deer is currently in active phase 1 and is expected to be marketed in 21 years.
The price is 250 yuan per person for the second generation of dementors in the country and 800,900 yuan per person for the import of the second generation of dementors in the country.
It is estimated that 3 million copies of the three-generation Elves will be sold, with a net profit of $8 billion: 15 million annually, assuming a 20 per cent share of Ji Fei's products will be marketed, about $1.5 billion in sales income based on $500 per person, projected net 7 other: autonomous, proxy, other types of future listings, etc.
Income and net profits from autonomous varieties such as quadruple cerebral, ac combination, hib, microcards for treatment, four-price influenza, and 23-price pneumonia have increased steadily, with a projected net future profit peak of about $500 million. The 23-priced pneumonia, hepatitis eradication agents, and frozen dry-detoxification vaccine promotion operations have remained stable, contributing about $100 million.
The successive listings of new products have resulted in an increase in sales cost inputs, but as the overall income scale increases rapidly \triangleright will open up long-term growth space and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
(b) The new product has been marketed. Sales have been lower than expected: the risk of new products not being approved.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report