A steady increase in operational efficiency and the effect of the reforms are gradually being shown The Euroland residence (603833.sh) was equal to 16.2 per cent; the motherhood net profit was 2.03 billion yuan, compared to 12.1 per cent, of which 24q3 achieved operating income.
Retail demand is still under pressure. For example, in September 24 years ago, the company's cabinets/shelter cabinets and furniture products Chen Buru, but the ratio of mauricium rates for closets/baskets/cargos was the same as +5.7.0.2/4.3pt, reflecting the company's excellent cost.
: chenbairu_yj@chinastock.com.cn direct circuits are resilient, and everyone's strategy continues.
The market policy continues to be optimized, and the door shop operations are more efficient.
554/1002/973/59/152, or 24h1, or 24h1, respectively, of Ponnis/other brands, strengthening the management of dealers while integrating existing stores and continuously optimizing inefficient ones, compared to +1.6 pct, where supply chain reform has reduced efficiency gains significantly; and management/sales cost rates, respectively
Incentives, among other things, have entered the depths, and the effects of the reforms have gradually become apparent, with companies becoming profitable and investing in investment proposals: companies are leading firms in the domestic sector, the current phase of organizational restructuring has borne fruit, the home strategy has progressed steadily, and the company is expected to grow over the long term.
1. [Galaxy Light Work] Company review: Light Industry in Europe: See long-term value of the company under the reform dividend _20240902. [Galaxy Light Work] Company review: Light Industry in Europe: Large
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.