Shanghai Medicine (601607) Pharmaceutical Organisms Undervalued Pharmaceutical Business + Industrial Lead Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
• Recommended logic: 1) The company is one of the three major national mobile enterprises in the future “3+x” model of the flow of medicines, both endogenous and expansive will benefit from the “two votes” new deal, with clear signs of accelerated growth in the distribution business; 2) the expected outflow of prescriptions in retail dtp pharmacies, with sustained growth in the industrial sector in the short and long term; 3) Shanghai market
Distribution: With the "two votes" in the east, both internal and external extensions will be an opportunity to develop. With the "two votes" in place, the leading companies will be well received, and the future medical flow pattern will be “3+x”:3” for the national corporate drug control stock,
In terms of outreach, Shanghai medicine is a small number of companies with the capacity to take and buy big goals, with sufficient impetus. The development goal for the next three years is to expand to 26 to 28 provinces: the endogenous side, where the company has a good business profile in the past and now covers the country.
Retailing: "dtp+Big Health Clouds" offers the largest future growth point in the retail sector, and the company’s retailing is rich, including chain stores, joint pharmacies, dtp pharmacies, etc., can absorb the outflows. The dtp pharmacy is the most visible of the company’s retail plates, and the model has been introduced to the prescription drug industry.
The company is exploring a complete Internet health management model through the Great Health Clouds, creating a platform to connect hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, pharmacies, patients, and the future.
• Industry: product strategy, health catalogue adjustment, consistency evaluation, R & D, formulation export, etc., is growing over time.
Dibutyl phosphorus gluten, glucose pelvis, multi-sugar iron compounds, strong kidney tablets, etc. (total of about 10% of industrial income) are expected to enter the National Health Insurance in 2017 in a new round of health-care catalogue adjustments; 3) early distribution consistency evaluation in 2013, which has initiated more than 50 varieties with the prospect of taking over the market; 4) emphasis on product development,
R & D expenditure as a percentage of industrial income amounted to 5 per cent, with a reserve of 1 new drug multipupne, 7 new drug tnfa receptor fc blended protein, 2 new drug cd20 anti-cancer, multi-pound varieties in the cardiovascular field: 5) Shanghai medicine (601607); performance growth, score
Reshoutattin was approved by fda, and more than 10 varieties are expected to be marketed in overseas markets over the next two years. Sales boards grew faster (2016-11-03), with strong players constantly changing the industry, and large-scale well-being, among others, created new growth points and survived.
Shanghai Medicines (601607): Strong in Industrial Change Strong pharmaceutical business leader (2016-07-18) Distribution plate: Distribution acceleration in the distribution sector synchronized with the pharmaceutical industry as a whole (10%), taking advantage of the “two-vote” scenario, as a company
Leapheads, far more rapidly than industry, are more risk-resistant and remain stable in the context of the decline in the Māori ratio of small-scale enterprises Retail panels: retail sector increases are synchronized with the otc (8-10 per cent) industry, companies have an advantage in size, pre-position dtp dispensaries take advantage of prescription outflows, and future growth will continue to be higher than industry due to stable business structures.
The market is generally of the opinion that the biggest consideration in the distribution business over the next three years is the integration of industries brought about by the “two votes” system, with companies acting as state companies with lower enforcement power for extension and acquisition. In our view, in the circulation market, the focus of state and private enterprises is different.
The public sector, which is a resource-rich country, is in the process of national layout, with strong demands for expansion and expectations for outreach to large targets. The market is generally characterized by a large volume of corporate distribution and weak endogenous growth.
More than 20 provinces have been laid out, but more than 90 per cent of the revenues are now being contributed by China-East and North-East China, and there is much room for non-optimal regional development. The current introduction of a “two-vote” new deal is expected to reduce the regional character of the drug flow. In particular, the phasing out of some small traders will provide an opportunity for companies to invest in off-site operations, and for firms to grow at a rapid pace.
While the market is generally of the view that corporate industrial products are entering a mature cycle and that growth in the future is weak, we believe that they have a bright spot and long-term growth momentum in product strategies, health-care catalogue adjustments, consistency evaluations, research and development, and the export of preparations. The “two-vote” policy is in place in the provinces: “Pharmacists” policies: external M&As.
Using a relative valuation, it is estimated that in 2017 the industrial profits of the company were 46% and the commercial profits 54%. The industrial contribution was about 1.7 billion yuan for the net profit of the mother and 0.63 yuan for the net profit of the business contribution of 1.99 billion yuan for the net profit of the mother and 0.74 yuan for the industry of 2017.
With a profit of 18 times greater, the company’s market value will break out by hundreds of billions in three years. The “two votes,” “medical split,” policies are in place, advanced, or not as expected; the risk of price reduction for industrial business products; the risk of national expansion of the business sector or the expected risk; the risk of an outward M & As boost or failure; and the risk of a public enterprise’s reform is not as high as expected.
The company was listed in 1993 and the core asset at the beginning of the listing was Shanghai Four Medicines.
Shanghai Four Medicines, placed in Shanghai Market Medicines Ltd., Shanghai Pharmaceutical Industries Marketing Co. Ltd., Shanghai Tianping Pharmaceutical Plant, formed an “old medicine” group. In 2008, the Shanghai Group took control of the upper medicine group. In 2010, the upper medicine group absorbed and took up three listed companies in the pharmaceutical industry, the upper medicine industry and the central and western medicine industry, forming the Shanghai Medicines Group Inc. (“New upper medicine”).
At the same time, 7,385 million yuan of the upper real estate group (including the upper medicine group) was injected into Shanghai medicine, leading to the Shanghai group ' s pharmaceutical business. Figure 1: Shanghai’s pharmaceutical development history.
In four major areas: infrastructure, consumer goods, and medicine, companies are the only carriers of the upper group ' s pharmaceutical business.
In January 2017, the Shanghai State Finance Committee, the Shanghai Finance Department, the Shanghai Finance Office and the Shanghai Certification Authority jointly issued a circular on the implementation of the first pilot project on the ownership of employees of local State-owned mixed ownership enterprises in the city.
The first pilot was carried out by enterprises: in terms of the four basic conditions of the pilot, we believe that there is a strong expectation that the Shanghai pilot will be brought in.1.2 Business runs through the entire pharmaceutical chain, and sub-sectors are highly industrialized, and the restructured “new-on-the-shelf” business involves the pharmaceutical industry, the distribution of medicines and the retailing of medicines.
In the Report on Statistical Analysis of the Operations of the Drug Circulation Industry 2015, published on 6 June of that year, Shanghai medicine was ranked third in the wholesale business, after the national drug stock (China Pharmaceutical Group) and Hua Yu medicine; Shanghai medicine ranked fifth in the retail business; and the largest pharmacy, Big Hua Pharmacy, ranked ninth in the chain.
The core subsidiaries in the area of distribution are the upper pharmaceutical holdings, the upper pharmaceutical parks: the core subsidiaries in the retail sector are the upper sea: the core subsidiaries in the industrial field are the upper sea west, the first lifetime, the upper medicine, the Shanghai Sorority, the upper potency, and the Shanghai New Asia; the core subsidiaries in the area of research and development are the upper medicine institutes. In addition, the company works with international organizations such as Rhodes, Shoubao, Zinmura, Japan, etc.
The pharmaceutical flagship partner established a participation company, a large pharmaceutical group with a view to a whole industry chain layout and globalization. 1.3 Performance is robust and policy dividends provide room for growth. Corporate revenues are derived mainly from pharmaceutical distribution, 85 per cent from distribution in 2015, 11 per cent from the pharmaceutical industry and retail medicine.
By 4 per cent; by 46 per cent; by 46 per cent; by 48 per cent; by 48 per cent; by 48 per cent; by the pharmaceutical industry; by 6 per cent; by 6 per cent; by 6 per cent; and by 6 per cent; by 2015: by the Shanghai medicine industry, the Māori structure of the main business, corporate performance grew robustly, with operating income remaining around 15 per cent, and business income grew and returned net in the first three quarters of 2016.
The profit rate is 14.5 per cent and 12.8 per cent, respectively, and we believe that the potential of the pharmaceutical industry under the corporate flag is vast; business operations will benefit significantly from the increased concentration of the industry brought about by the two-vote system, with the prospect of greater growth opportunities in the future under the associated policy dividend.2 Distribution: both internal and external developments will take place in the light of the “two-vote” wind.
2.1 The industry context: “two votes” has increased integration, and the pattern of “3+x” in the flow of medicines has become clear. As health-care control fees have advanced, the domestic pharmaceutical industry has continued to decline in recent years and has moved into a single-digit growth period since 2015.
There is a concentrated pattern of competition in the overseas market for medicines, which is fragmented by regional market segmentation, pressure on hospitals, and price increases in the industrial chain, with 13508 former firms operating in the country.
At present, the “two-vote” policy is expected to break out of the former division of markets dominated by “hospital relations” and accelerate industrial restructuring.
As a result of the introduction of the “two votes” in the procurement of medicines by institutions (testing), the national “two votes” programme defines the content of the two votes system and the related concepts: one invoice from a pharmaceutical producer to a circulating enterprise and one invoice from a circulating company to a medical institution.
The scope, regional requirements, and time requirements of the medical establishments that use the two-vote system for procurement. The proposed national push for the two-vote system is a major step forward in the case of drug-producing enterprises that do not comply with the requirements of the two-vote system, in the case of circulating enterprises, the cancellation of tenders, the award and distribution of bids, and the inclusion of poor records of drug purchases.
To date, there are 11 provinces in Chongqing, Shaanxi, Anhui, Hunan, Guangdong, Ningxia, Gilling, Sichuan, Hebei, Qinghai, Fujian, and there are already two-vote papers or related policy documents referring to the two-vote system.
Most provinces have produced documents that encourage the implementation of the two-vote system, but the details are still to be developed. Given the progress of time in each province, we believe that 2017 may be a crucial time for the implementation of the two-vote system in each province, with specific policy documents and detailed working arrangements in each province.
Two votes for the terminal distribution capacity, liquidity, supply chain extension capacity of the pharmaceutical-distributive enterprise, which, before the “two votes” test the distribution network and distribution capacity of the distribution enterprise in the regional market, was a commercial enterprise, should be concentrated in 2017.
The function of \triangleright is distribution, advances, ticketing; after “two votes”, the function of “passing votes” is hit, the end distribution capacity is fundamental to the survival of the distributor, and commercial companies with no distribution capacity and narrow end coverage are eliminated.
On the other hand, a two-vote pharmaceutical commercial firm faces down-stream pressure to return money, and a business company with little capital and difficulty in financing \triangleright will be difficult to roll out in response to financial pressure.
A possible way to reduce the cost of this contribution is to increase the stock turnover of health-care institutions.
By reducing the flow cost by about 0.15 per cent for every one day, through extended supply chain access to participating medical institutions, it would be feasible to reduce the cost of the share by competing distributors of supply chain extension services.
But the past policy has been largely based on gsp, industry access, raising the threshold for new entrants. The two-vote system is a shuffling of stock markets, and we expect more than 70% of the dealers to be bought and annexed/cleaned out, taking into account Fujian’s experience.
The “two votes” policy does have an accelerated effect on the adjustment of the pattern of the pharmaceutical circulation sector. Fortukan’s drug flow poles are mainly the quail medicine, Fujian Haruhi, the state medicine, Kyushu Toong, the Fujian people, and the Chinese quail in Fujian.
There has been a mixed increase in the market share of leading firms, some of which have experienced a decline in the rate. We believe that this means that not all firms have access to development opportunities in the broader context of industrial integration, and that the increase in the rate of municipal ownership is linked to the enforcement power of the enterprise’s own operations, outreach, and so on.
We believe that the accelerated increase in the rate of urban access to herring medicine before and after the two-vote system was implemented in Fujian province is due to the following factors:
The medicine covers about 90% of primary health-care facilities, matching the high requirements of “two votes” for logistics distribution.
It is up to the producing firm to decide (e.g. to commission up to one distributor in a winning region for the same variety of base medicines), so obtaining more variety distribution rights is the key to increasing the city ' s share of the market, and after the introduction of the two-vote system, Illumin medicines have gained more variety distribution rights through the provision of value-added services such as market data analysis, marketing strategies, channel development, etc. to manufacturers.
The M & A is a powerful implementation: Phenomenon medicine is the first medical circulation in Fujian province to fully implement cross-regional strategic locations \triangleright Enterprise, which acquired Fujian Chuan, Yong Luang Yan, Fujian Yiol, Fuzhou Santang and Bo in 2009-2012
Research on five companies (only considering the Fujian insider here); Efficient operational efficiency: fine management to respond to the policy of limiting the price margin for the flow chain. \triangleright
Taken together, we believe that “two votes” provide an opportunity to integrate the pharmaceutical circulation industry, where logistics are vast, high up/downstream, high M&A enforcement, and high operating efficiency of mobile businesses. After the consolidation of the past few years, China’s medical circulation has become “three national and x regional leaders.”
The three national champions, namely, state drug holdings, Chinese medicine, Shanghai medicine, were about 38 per cent in 2015, and are expected to reach more than 50 per cent in five years; the regional champions are dominated by Kyushu Tong (a national layout of fast-track operations), Guangzhou medicine, Nanjing medicine, Chongqing medicine, and 30-50 per cent in the province after five years.
2.2 Extension: Competing is mainly national medicine, gluten, and firm power is strong, and we believe that, in the context of the rapid integration of the industries brought about by the current “two votes” system, competition in the pharmaceutical circulation sector is mainly competition in external extension and acquisition, mainly to test the merger and acquisition capacity of mobile firms.
We combed the business profile of China ' s pharmaceutical wholesale industry, which ranked top 50 in 2015, and found that the bulk of the larger billion (about 40 million dollars in net interest rate terms) were relatively small and mostly state-owned. In our view, the bulk of the competitive advantages in the acquisition of large business titles are large and large.
The main competitors in the foreign M&A of Shanghai are the national drug control and Chinese medicine. They include: the national drug control unit, which covers more than 30 provinces of the country, with an income of more than 200 billion, and the number of medical institutions.
\triangleright 122553. We believe that the National Drug Control Unit is well-placed throughout the country, that there are provincial distribution companies in each province that are well-established, and that there is a relatively weak future demand for “extended M&A enclaves”.
Chinese medicine: The size of Shanghai medicine is similar to that of Shanghai, with an income of about 100 billion. Chinese medicine covers 10 countries. We believe that China medicine has much scope for expansion throughout the country, and that its expansive development is mainly in the north-west (e.g., Shaanxi) in view of the current M&A dynamics of Chinese medicine.
Shanghai Medicines: More than 20 provinces, with an advantage of 20970 health-care institutions in China, China, North and China. \triangleright, we believe that Shanghai Medicines cover a wide range of areas, have an operational base in most of the provinces, and have a presence in the provinces covered.
A better understanding of the state of the business, market patterns, competitive advantages of the various targets, a better grasp of the off-site markers in the M&A market and an expectation of greater coverage of the non-optimal areas through M&As, with a strong expectation of expansion.
On the inside, the company has a good forward profile in terms of both business coverage and service capacity, and its growth is expected to accelerate with the impact of the “two votes” policy on small traders. 2.3.1 Business coverage: China’s income ratio has gradually declined, covering more than 70 per cent of the country's level III hospitals
As soon as it was reorganized, in 2010, the company’s distribution plate was concentrated in the East China region. The company then continued to consolidate the market position of the East China region through mergers, acquisitions, and cooperation, and moved into the South and North China markets.
Outside South China’s dominant regions, accelerated strategic expansion is taking place, particularly in the south-west and north-east provinces and cities. Currently, corporate distribution networks cover 21 provinces and cities across the country, operate logistics centres and provide modern supply chain solutions such as logistics distribution, information-processing support, and end-distributors for several pharmaceutical companies, both domestic and foreign.
By the end of 2015, there were 20970 medical establishments covered by the company ' s distribution business, of which 20630 were hospitals, 1271 hospitals at the secondary level, representing 72.4 per cent of the country ' s tertiary hospitals, and 340 centres for disease prevention and control (cdc).
Over two times the year, coverage of level III hospitals rose from 27.7 per cent to 72.4 per cent of the country ' s level III hospitals, but the relative steep increase in end-covering did not reflect a parallel increase in corporate income, mainly because of the regional distribution of medical flows in China, the difficulty of expanding from one location to another, and the company ' s comparative advantage in the distribution of newly developed clients.
The current introduction of a “two-vote” new deal is expected to reduce the regional characteristics of the flow of medicines, especially the phasing out of some small-scale dealers, which will provide opportunities for companies to move away from their local operations, and for firms to grow at a faster rate.
2.3.2 Compatibility with downstream hospital requests, provision of services such as extension of the supply chain, etc., enhances customer stickyness, and we believe that as a translator upstream of a hospital, its industrial upgrading will be closely aligned with the needs of downstream hospitals. As the process progresses, the environment in the hospital industry changes, and the mode of operation of the pharmaceutical industry changes.
For hospitals: in the short term, the elimination of pharmaceutical additions and the reduction of drug-related ratios have created regulatory pressures, requiring the provision of “high value added” services upstream; in the long run, the “marketization” of health services will be accompanied by competition for quality of services.
Now, as the cost of health insurance moves forward, hospitals are under operational pressure, and some of them take advantage of centralized procurement, extended supply chains to negotiate hospital prices and cover some of the hospital costs in order to obtain a larger market share; in the future, with the fermentation of medicines, graded consultations, we believe that they will come to the co-construction, third-party services, non-core operations of hospitals, etc.
There are more than 20,000 types of distribution, covering medicines, vaccines, medical devices, end-covering hospitals, retail pharmacies, and primary health-care institutions. The industry is dominated by pure sales, which account for about 60% of net sales.
The number of hospitals with highly sticky service relationships with companies is increasing. With pharmacy hosting in the extension of the supply chain, as a form of transition to the separate management of medicines, it will change the pattern of industrial competition in circulating businesses.
As far back as 2013, Shanghai’s medicines were tied to the three main themes of “expanding sales, reducing efficiency, integrating synergies” in an effort to bring about change.
As of 30 June 2016, the number of hospitals operated by the company’s pharmacy was close to 100, and in recent years the rate of growth has remained at 20% to the left. Taken together, we believe that the company has done well in terms of both regional coverage and quality of services.
With the current implementation of the “two votes” new deal, particularly the phasing out of some small-scale traders, which will provide opportunities for companies to move away from their local operations, firms will quickly take up non-optimal regional markets that have been laid out in the previous period with high-quality services, with endogenous growth expected to accelerate. We expect the company’s revenue growth in its distribution business to be maintained at 16-18% in the next three years; and the decline in the Māori ratio in small-scale enterprises.
The Māori rate remained stable, but the company was a leader with high risk resistance, and we expect the Māori rate for the company's distribution business to remain above 6 per cent over the next three years.3 Retail: the distribution of the layout drain, creating a “big healthy clouder”
3.1 Industry background: prescription outflows are the largest future growth point in the retail sector The Southern data show that in 2016 hospital terminals accounted for about 68.6 per cent, retail terminals 22.3 per cent, primary health care, 9.1 per cent, contrasts sharply with overseas retail pharmacies and terminals, 70 per cent, and medical institutions, 30 per cent.
The main reason for the pattern of sales is the absolute monopoly of the industrial chain in our public hospitals and the imbalance in the compensation mechanisms of the past.