The Eastern U.S.C. Medicines in Shanghai (601607) The industry barriers to pharmaceutical commerce policy
The real development bottlenecks in the State Enterprise Reform campaign, the internships, the rejuvenation of management, the positive changes in companies, and the transformation of state enterprises are beginning to change:
The Shanghai Group President Zhou Jun took over the medicine himself, and the management rejuvenation is making positive changes; Shanghai has launched a pilot staff-holding programme, and Shanghai medicine has basically met the pilot conditions; and the company, as the only pharmaceutical company in Shanghai's national capital system, has a strategy to actively change in the environment.
Policy benefits provide a good opportunity for pharmaceutical business to break out, and companies seize the opportunity to actively integrate: The national version of the “two votes” document and the increasing concentration of the pharmaceutical business sector.
The marketing plate has shown a trend toward faster income growth, and we believe that firms are expected to accelerate growth in both the endogenous and the expansive sectors, thus achieving rapid growth across sectors. The distribution model is innovative, with many engines for future development:
The company has taken the lead in developing innovative projects in the country, such as hosting pharmacies, spd, dtp, and pharmaceutical electricians, all of which are growing faster. Of these, 99 are hosting pharmacies, the number of which is the country’s leading.
The industrial Māori ratio has been rising year by year, with active overseas purchases, health-care catalogue adjustments, and medicines.
Coherent evaluation is expected to benefit from steady growth in corporate industrial sector income and an annual increase in the Māori rate, mainly as a result of the continuous improvement in the industrial product category of the company. Companies buy vitaco, an Australian pharmaceutical company, and actively distribute high-quality medicines overseas.
So far, health-care catalogue adjustments and drug-consistency assessments are under way, and the public administration is expected to benefit as a large generic producer.
There is a clear underestimation of the value compared to the other leading drug flows. Corporate quality is excellent, management is young to drive positive change, pharmaceutical business is expected to accelerate both endogenous and expansive growth, and the company’s future growth is accelerated. For the first time, we cover it, giving a “buy-in” rating.
I. Shanghai Medicines: Centuries of wind and rain cast on the commercial circulation of medicines (i) Company profile: covering the entire industry chain of pharmaceutical research and development and manufacturing, distribution and retailing
The Shanghai Medicines Group Inc. is a large national pharmaceutical stock listing company that covers pharmaceutical research and development, manufacturing, distribution and zero sales of the entire industry chain and that develops biopharmaceuticals in Shanghai.
Shanghai Medicine Precursors, former Shanghai Four Medicines, Inc. (“Shanghai Four Medicines”) was founded in 1866 and is now 129 years old. In October 1993, it was launched by Shanghai Medicines (Governance Group) General Corporation (now the Shanghai Medicines Group) and for the first time, the original Shanghai Four Medicines shares were made available to the public.
In March 1994, the four shares were officially listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In 1998, the original Shanghai Four shares were restructured and renamed “Shanghai Market Medicines Limited”
In 2010, the company absorbed the former Shanghai Industries Medical Investment Company Ltd. (Shanghai Industries) and the Shanghai China West Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd. (Shanghai Medicines) and changed their name to today's Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Group Ltd.. On 17 June 2011, the company completed its investment abroad.
Investors issue offshore listed shares (h shares) and in May 2011 in Hong Kong United Exchange limited (ii) company equity structure: controlling shareholders are upper-drug groups and the actual controlling person is the Shanghai City State Finance Committee
The controlling shareholders in Shanghai medicine are the Shanghai Medicines Group, and the actual controlling person is the Shanghai State Finance Committee. Similarly, Shanghai medicine was listed at the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Exchange, a+h listing company. (iii) Corporate business module: pharmaceutical business as the backbone, pharmaceutical industry.
Corporate ownership covers pharmaceutical research and development and manufacturing, distribution and retailing, new times of development, and companies are actively integrated into national strategies to respond to industry trends in “Internet+” and the health industry.
The main line of action is the promotion of intellectual manufacturing and intelligence services, the pooling of resources, innovation-driven, endogenous and simultaneous advances, the achievement of strategic breakthroughs in chemical and biological pharmaceuticals, Chinese medicine, medical devices, distribution services, retail power suppliers and large health, and the sustainable and healthy development of medicine in Shanghai.
The company's primary business section is pharmaceutical commerce, which enhances competitiveness through distribution channels, the upgrading of products and the upgrading of retail terminals, while the pharmaceutical industry is an important component of the company's Māori industry, with increased R & D inputs to achieve the upgrading of the entire chain of the pharmaceutical industry.
In order to speed up the overall layout of each section of the company, the company has purchased or invested heavily in establishing subsidiaries, upgrading its operations, variety and geographical spread. There is now a series of well-known brands under the flag, which greatly enhances the company’s visibility.
Figure 5: The main pharmaceutical subsidiaries in Shanghai
In terms of the company ' s historical performance, in 2010, the company absorbed the former Shanghai Industries Medical Investment Company Ltd. (Shanghai Industries) and the Shanghai China West Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd. (China-West Medicines) and the overall collection performance increased significantly, but with the restructuring of the company ' s operations and management, the rate of recovery increased considerably.
In the first three quarters, the company’s pharmaceutical distribution business achieved an operating income of $81,302 million, an increase of 16.44 per cent over the previous three quarters, the Māori rate of 6.00 per cent, an increase of 0.08 percentage points over the same period in the previous year, accounting for 89.82 per cent of the total, while also driving the overall growth of the company’s revenues.
93.96 billion yuan, an increase of 5.76 per cent in the same year, Māori rate of 52.21 per cent, or 2.48 percentage points, or 10.38 per cent, over the same period in the previous year, of which 60 priority products achieved sales revenue of $5.185 billion.
Figure 11: Corporate R & D funding and revenue ratio
Instead of financing through direct financing, such as finance, based on good corporate qualifications, there is an increased use of indirect financing, such as long-term and short-term borrowing, to ease the financial pressure of the loan backlog in the medicine process, while also providing greater operational space for companies to extend and purchase.
In October 2016, Mr. Zhou Jun, Executive Director and President of the Shanghai Group, was officially appointed to Shanghai Medicine.
Chairman of the Board, who showed the importance that the parent company (the Shanghai Group) attached to the development of medicine in Shanghai. At the same time, Mr. Zhou Jun, as the fourth president in four years, is expected to gain a wealth of experience in financial investment, mergers, real estate, business management, etc.
For 20 years in Shanghai business, Mr. Zhou has organized, led and participated in nearly 20 large-scale acquisitions and more than 10 equity and project investments, including four listed companies.
Trains run fast, depending on their headbands. Medicines in Shanghai have developed rapidly in recent years, and Shanghai medicines have grown robustly, but have never made significant leaps, which are inextricably linked to the frequency of changes at the top of the company in recent years. Prior to 2012, the company absorbed shares in the original Shanghai industrial pharmaceutical investment.
S.A. (Shanghai Industries) and S.W.W.P. (China Medicines) Ltd. (S.W.W.) have also been listed at the Hong Kong Trade Point and have acquired high prices for the purchase of Chinese medicine (also known as the Shanghai Pharmacy Park Xinhai Medicines Ltd.) and are now moving up to the North China Market, particularly Beijing, where the market is currently being marketed for medicines.
The market accounts for 25.83% of total circulation. In recent years, companies have been stable and stable, but in the current context of the booming reform of Shanghai’s companies, compared with 1997 when Mr. Zhou went into Shanghai to buy the joint Shanghai business (a)
Listed company, code 600607, now merged into Shanghai Medicine, and acting as Deputy General Manager and Secretary, 28 years old, was the first successful case of a reorganization of the Chinese securities market. Since then, Mr. Zhou has led the development of a joint Shanghai business development strategy by traditional textiles.
The current Shanghai medicine has a young management team that grew up from the upper medicine. Except for the old management, Shanghai medicine was appointed in August this year at an average age of 45 young executives.
Younger teams, stronger administrative functions, more internationalized visions and rich experience in investment, acquisition and mergers, and a new leadership team led by Mr. Zhou Jun is expected to leapfrog (ii) the only pharmaceutical enterprise in Shanghai's national capital system.
State-owned enterprises are an important support for the national economy, and since the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, State-owned enterprises have occupied a dominant or dominant monopoly position, which has led to the creation of other economies.
Since the opening of the reforms, the state has embarked on the first round of state-owned business reforms, opening up the chapter of three rounds of state-owned business reforms for more than 30 years. As the market has become more market-oriented, the shortcomings of state-owned enterprises have become more pronounced.
Ex-state corporations are increasingly leveraged (17.7 per cent in debt and 15.2 per cent in assets between January and May), resource mismatches are worsening (inefficient investment), private business survival is being squeezed (some industries have stringent access requirements for private companies), and the pace of reform of state enterprises is accelerating.
In December 2013, Shanghai became the country’s first province and city to launch a local State enterprise reform programme (i.e., “Shanghai Reform 20”), spearheading the Shanghai State enterprise reform process.
The workshop, which officially launched the Opinion on Furthering the Reform of State Finance for Enterprise Development in the New Region of Pudong (Article 18) and identified five key reform priorities, among which are the optimization of the State ' s financial profile, namely, the self-trade zone and the construction of a centre for innovation; and the strengthening of taxonomic regulation.
i.e. implementing taxonomic reforms to further promote the contractual, market-based and de-administrativeization of enterprises; large groups: strategy to create a strategic group of groups with clear mastery advantages, a sound organizational structure and a sound regulatory system; CNR's “decentralization” is a shift in regulation to optimize the functions of the funders, and to build and hold them accountable.
A clear regulatory system for State capital; and, finally, an optimal incentive mechanism to improve in-house incentives for enterprise development, mainly in the form of four supporting documents, such as the " Management of Business Leaders in Pudong Region " .
At present, including the bright milk industry, well-known Shanghai companies such as Shanghai Meryn, Shanghai Harbour and China Sorority have embarked on or are close to completing a process of reform of specific state enterprises, including, inter alia, the promotion of mixed ownership, asset restructuring and employee incentives.
In January 2017, the Shanghai National Finance Committee issued the " Programme for the implementation of the first pilot project on the ownership of local state-owned holdings in the city " , which will select 5-10 enterprises to run the first test sites, with four main conditions for pilot enterprises, taking into account the conditions and actual conditions of medicine in Shanghai.
In July 1981, Shanghai Industries Ltd. was incorporated in Hong Kong as the Shanghai Municipality.
Hong Kong's window company, currently fully owned by the Shanghai City State Finance Committee, was renamed Shanghai Industries (GA) Ltd. (“Supreme Group”). The group identified a “mixing” development strategy, using a combination of investment financing platforms, channels and tools to identify and train through capital operations.
Producing, holding and withdrawing from the industry form the “1+4+x” industry, which is based on financial investment, with four major industries: medicine, infrastructure, real estate, and consumer goods, using new ideas, new mechanisms, new models for expanding and enriching new and emerging industries, including new energy sources, environmental protection, old-age, etc.
In 2014, under article 20 of the Shanghai Enterprise Reform in the enacting State, Shanghai State enterprises were classified into three categories, namely, competition, competence and safeguards, in which Shanghai Medicines actually controlled Shanghai Industries (Group) Limited was listed as an investment class in the competitive category.
At the pace of the major reforms, competition firms have largely completed corporate reform, mixed ownership has reached 64% of the total number of system enterprises and are expected to complete more than 50% of the competition at the end of the 13th century.
In the face of intense state-owned reforms, more reforms are expected in the future, which will then lead to the rapid development of the business subsidiaries under the banner. Shanghai medicine is the only pharmaceutical enterprise in Shanghai’s financial system, with diversity in state-owned enterprises.
The process of intensification will be an important milestone in the reform of Shanghai state-owned enterprises. Given the process and experience of the transformation of several other large state-owned enterprises, we believe that Shanghai medicine will contribute to the development of the company in many ways in the future.
(i) Distribution operations: opportunities for market consolidation and business structure upgrading
The current global market for medicines is growing at a slow pace, as an important component of the global market for medicines, with the implementation of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan for the National Drug Flows Industry in 2015
The withdrawal of officials, the complex and volatile economic situation at home and abroad, and the increasing competition in the market have created enormous challenges and opportunities for the country’s medicine-flowing industry. Scaled-up and intensiveization have become two of the most important features of China’s drug-flow industry.
As the pace of medical reform in the country accelerates, the market for medicines in our country has ushered in a major node, with data showing that the market for medicines in our country is still growing at a rate of 15 per cent.
As the health environment in the country continues to improve, the quality of life of the population continues to improve, health awareness continues to improve, and the market for the flow of medicines continues to expand, attracting more participants to compete, while the concentration of the industry as a whole is increasing.
Figure 26: Collections of drug-distribution enterprises nationwide, according to data from the Ministry of Commerce, by 2015 the share of the top three industries had reached one third of the total market space and was increasing, while the share of the top 100 cities had also reached 68.9 per cent.
At the same time, the number of large-scale traders has been largely stable, and the number of new entrants has been very difficult to break out of the pattern of competition in the markets abroad, especially in the United States, where the market sector is highly concentrated. The number of pharmaceutical companies in developed countries, the United States, Germany, and Japan, is far behind.
The country, and among the top three market-dominated businesses, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, has a 90-per-cent health-care system. In the future, the country’s health-care sector will continue to grow rapidly, with the country’s economy rising rapidly, and the pharmaceutical industry will also be in circulation.
It will gradually become larger and more intensive. As pharmaceutical wholesalers increase their market share, the market-based wholesalers will be able to increase their operational, operational and managerial capabilities effectively. During the “12th Five-Year” period, the entire industry has grown to three sales of more than 100 billion dollars a year.
A national company with an annual sales value of more than $50 billion, and 24 regional drug-disposal companies with an annual sales value of more than $10 billion.
Prior to the introduction of the medical reform, the country’s medical circulation industry was in a state of disarray, and the distribution chain failed to meet the standards, and it caused the health system to operate inefficiently, waste of resources, and the health of patients to be challenged.
This has raised the overall market order, eliminated redundancies, eliminated inefficient dealers, and has led to the emergence of a three-pronged market for medicines (three companies with more than 100 billion Chinese medicines, Chinese medicine, Chinese medicine and Shanghai medicine) and a stag-to-deer-to-deer.
Figure 29: Main operating income (billion yuan) from China's top 10 pharmaceutical-dispatch enterprises in 2015 as a result of the implementation of policies related to the reform of public hospitals, the application of zero differences in medicines, grade-level medical care and further promotion of the separation of medicines, as well as the recent intensification of the “two-vote system” and the flow of medicines
Two vote systems are no different from a heavy-pound bomb for the circulation industry. Medical natural persons face a bigger crisis because they want to be checked, ticketed, and so on.
There is a risk of out-of-control over the capital investment, while the benefits are not proactively controlled, and upstream is subject to the return of the enterprise, downstream and under the pressure of changing policies. First, there is a blow to the ticket, and then a two-vote system, and so the aim is to keep the process simple and manageable.
It is likely that the end result will be the elimination of small business companies without upstream resources, without downstream networks, and the expansion of the size of the country's “double-count” document by large-scale dealers relying on their own channels and physical advantages.
To break the fence of interests, to break local protection, to support networks that are complete, of good quality, and that are well equipped to deliver large-scale drug-distributors to local drug distribution, to break local protection, to enable more efficient large drug-distributors to successfully open markets and to benefit locals.
In July of this year, it began to be implemented throughout the province. The two-vote + distribution business integration has changed the market ecology of the medical circulation in Fujian province.
The market integration rate will increase further as the pilot of the provincial and municipal “two votes” programme for medical reform progresses from around 50 per cent in 2011 to 58.9 per cent in 2015.
3. Consolidating the traditional strong territory, adding the potential for corporate development to south-west and north-east operations, internal + expansive pull. Distribution is not only the company ' s main business, but also some of the company ' s medical fields.
The core part of the business, upstream pharmaceutical manufacturing, downstream medical terminals, retail pharmacies, etc. are all closely linked to distribution. Therefore, the advantages of corporate distribution are fully realized in favour of other relevant (1) consolidation of traditional strong territories, South-West and North-East operations add company development potential, both endogenous and extraneous.
In terms of geographical distribution, the company’s strategy in the area of distribution is expanding from East and North China to the whole country. At present, the company is active in both the East and North China regions, where it has strengthened the existing advantages.
We believe that companies are expected to accelerate growth on both the internal and the external sides, thus achieving rapid growth across industries.
Since then, the company’s market share in the east of China has reached 18% and steadily increased, while in Shanghai, after the company’s reorganization in 2010, the market share has been over 50%, making it an absolute leader in Shanghai’s drug market. We believe that in a two-vote environment, small and medium-sized traders cannot survive.
China’s dominant region, China East, is bound to accelerate market integration. The north of the country: China-China Medicines Industries Ltd., completed its full-scale acquisition in 2011, entered the North China and Beijing markets, and outpaced the state’s drug-control holdings, making it the second largest.
In South China, where the market share is currently around 3 per cent, in the second largest market in the country (22 per cent), companies, despite their current small base, have developed more resiliently, combining regional niches, bio-connecting effects and their own pharmaceutical industry operations, enhancing the region's efficiency and profitability.
In the north-east and south-west of China, in the face of a weak company’s presence, Shanghai’s medicine has accelerated its deployment of a national business network, which is hosted by its wholly-owned subsidiary, the Sino-China Medicine Corporation, in the near future.