The growth rate of Māori was 29.2 per cent higher than in Chen Xia, and the net return profit of 230 million yuan, 31.5 per cent higher than in the previous year.
▪ The Māori rate has continued to pick up, and performance has increased faster than expected. 1) The company achieved RMB 20.0 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 29.2 per cent in the same year, a net profit of RMB 230 million in the same year, an increase of 31.5 per cent in the same year, and an excess in performance. 2) The Māori rate has risen steadily since this year.
q2 Māori rises by 1.8 pct, and Māori increase is expected to pick up as high value-added orders become operational. 3) Second quarter cost rates are lower than in the first quarter. Sales/management/financial cost ratios are higher than sales/management/finance rates are for new clients + new orders drive income, respectively. 1) Companies took over new projects in the first half of 2017.
(ii) During the first half of the year, the company developed new customers such as Jili Motors, Volvo (China) and Chirete Leopards, which have moved on in tandem with joint ventures and deeper into the middle and higher markets, based on maintaining their previous customers.
The company acquired several front lights, including Odia 3, q5, in 2016, in 2017.
Of the 39 new orders received in the first half of the year, 9 for the headlights and 8 for the post-combined lights are expected to rise further in the future. 2) The trend in smart car lamps will improve product competitiveness. The first generation and second generation of adb headlights have been successfully developed in the first half of the year, and discussions have been held with the mainframe for project applications.
There has been some progress in the development of the time-aided forward light (blue-to-white laser, rgb laser) headlights.
The pilot production phase, which is expected to officially enter bulk production in the fourth quarter of 2017, will all be completed and will transform the location of the multi-billion-sized long spring expansion project into a permanent state, in line with the future production strategy of the client community in such places as East and Southwest.
The company’s productive capacity will continue to be released in the second half of the year, and the high rate of income growth will be sustained.  Investment proposal: taking into account the vast space in the car lighting market, the company’s role as an internal capital leader, the high-end, intelligent push for products, the penetration of customers into high-end, luxury cars, and the prospect of a sustained increase in the market share.
We believe that the company's reasonable valuation is 30 times greater than in 2017, that it maintains an “upgrading” rating, and that the production capacity of the plant is not as high as expected. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.