On 27 June 2024, the Cedars held their 2023 conference at the company headquarters in Suzhou.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn adheres to the virtuous development tone and to the digital strategy of the layout.
In addition, the firmness of the company's digitalization strategy will focus firmly on the 14th Five-Year Supply Chain Stabilization Development Strategy and on the full-scale realization of the numbers around ports such as wine-breeding systems, supply chain packaging, storage transport, marketing systems, etc.
By 2025, the entire supply chain is expected to be deployed and ready to move forward with the implementation of the 15-year eco-chain strategy.
There are now four main opportunities for the industry: first, the opportunity to continue to grow. As the concentration of the industry increases, wine with stable high-quality and strong brand attributes will continue to grow. Second, the opportunity for high-end wine.
The products they like are good products, rich but tasteful. The company's future must adapt to changing consumer demand and develop marketing strategies along these lines.
The introduction of the guest series is also an initiative to adjust and magnify the price bands of middle-rate alcoholics in the face of volatile prices. Fourth, medium- and low-level drinking opportunities. 38 degrees of development of the cellar is the result of consumer choice, with sales accounting for around 15% in the past.
The company will try to take advantage of the industry’s four major opportunities, and we believe that the company will do everything in its power to meet the year’s targets. Over-expected, brand power will continue.
We're looking forward to a share of the top 1573 singles, strategic long-term planning, macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected growth of the cellar, less than 60 per cent of the special.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.