2023 newspaper and 2024q1 rating: determined, steady research assistant at $1250 million, or 20.3 per cent/27.8 per cent of the year, as expected; for 23q4 battalion, net return to the mother
• 23 years of income meets expectations and the cellar leads to growth. 23 years of company “Intensible Reform, Focus Breaking, Digital Empowerment, Full Attack” has been active in promoting the convergence of multi-priced belt products. 1 Middle- and high-quality wine / + 21.3%, with the same price + 1.2%/19.8%, of which the cellar series is the same as +1.2% and 19.8%.
At the end, the bottle is constantly moving forward; with the same level of income, 60 editions of the special, the same 20% increase, and the old stock is digested. 2 Other wines earn 3.24 billion yuan/same as +22.9%, the same value as +19.6%/+2.7%, with the product combing done, the headlines go to the public.
The consumption dividend, the 100-bits are active, the channel is increasing the Māori rate at the end of the county and township markets is positive and the cost rate is constantly improving. The 23-year net sales interest rate is equal to +2.5pc to +2.5pc to +8.7%/-3.0% for wine, mainly due to price increases and cost optimizations in the national cellars.
Cost rate: Optimization of staff remuneration as a major contribution to sales and improvement of management rates, mainly as a result of equity incentives to achieve medium- and long-term incentive supplements, incentives for amortization costs and recognition of immediate remuneration, taking into account 24-25 years of cost amortization downsides, with expected improvement in rates.
The traditional media advertising campaign has been shrunk, and precision marketing has been promoted to improve cost effectiveness through differentiation and collaboration with the Australian Internet, international leagues and international cooperation forums +108 per cent; promotion costs have been equal, leading to increased use of bottle openings and red packs, mainly as a result of the restoration of the scene.
• End of income: estimation of revenue from the cellars as compared to income, area tillage continues to dive.
The sale of the cellars has remained stable; the opening of the wine in the middle of the country, the release of red bags and during the spring festival, the success of the drinking activities, the adjustment of the special 23 year savings report, which is expected to accelerate release in 24 years, are positive.
Q1 sales received 116 per cent of sales, q1 income + contract liabilities increased by 34 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to a smooth recovery from the 24-year start-up and a greater concentration of channels in the choice of head brands.
3) At the profit end: the q1 sales net interest rate is equal to +0.9 pct to 49.8%, and the main department costs are higher.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: 24 years of brightness, laying a solid foundation for follow-up sales, the projected growth of the national cellar as a whole is no less than the overall target of 15 per cent, and the growth of the power of the intermediate liquor product.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.