On April 27, 2023 and the first of 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn q1 performed above expectations, growing robustly by hundreds of millions of yuan (the same increase of 20.34 per cent) and returning to the mother ' s net profit of $13.246 billion (the same increase).
The net cash flow of 2023/2024q1 operations was 1, and the Cedars (000568), performance instruments.
High-quality alcohol/other alcohol camps in 2023 received 26,841.3236 million yuan, or 21.28 per cent, or 22.887 per cent, respectively, and accounted for the same share of alcohol camps - 2, " Cedars (000568), " High-performance " :
Guy, the overseas market has been expanding; the Penang State brand is a solid base market, with increased penetrations, 3 and " Penang State cellars " (000568).
19.71/2.70 per cent, with the growth of medium- and high-quality alcohol driven mainly by the increase in average prices, with the increase in his alcohol being dominated. In 2023, the company approached the younger population by means of innovative marketing such as the “Silves Festival” and by high-end competitions and international forums.
High brand image, diversified links to consumer groups. Channel strategy is well advanced, markets are healthy and operating faster than abroad, and profitability is increasing effectively.
In 2023, there were 1,814 traditional/emerging channels, a net reduction of 15 by the same year. The macroeconomic downside risks, the lack of growth in the cellars, and the lack of growth of the special 60 were expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.