Food and beverages in the Old Cedars (000568), successful discharge in 23 years, with 24q1 continuing high growth, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
In the context of a slow recovery in external demand in 2023, companies strengthened consumer culture and channels, and the monoliths, such as the guest of the state, the special 60th edition, and the headlines, were achieved faster.
20.7% income growth, successful opening of the door, sustained proof of resilience. 2 - Sub-products, 26.840 billion yuan (+21.3%) in 23 years for high-end alcohol, and projected steady growth of high-end cellars, 60 editions of special: $3.24 billion (+22.9%) for other alcohols, mainly headlines, black.
High-speed growth. 3. Sub-channels, 23 years of traditional and new revenue of $28,660 million, steady increases in profitability and excellent cash flow performance. Corporate Māori rose by 1.7 percentage points to 88.3 per cent from year to year, largely as a result of a significant increase in tonnage.
The sales cost rate fell by 1.2 percentage points, with a decrease of 0.8 percentage points in management costs, an increase in net interest rates
A good start is being made by the year when the target is met. 2. In the context of a weak cycle in the white and wine industry, the management of the company has acted as a catalyst, launching the “Five-Size-One” system over 23 years, and effectively seizing the market share through focused projects such as Operation Spring Thunder, Operation Autumn Harvest, Plan 100 City, etc.
Under the leadership of an excellent management, the company is developing a systemic, systemic and integrated competitive advantage, with both growth and certainty, with long-term growth.
Release of business performance, sustained steady growth, and maintenance of the "buy-in" rating.
High-end cellars, as one of the three high-end white wines, are expected to continue to benefit from economic development and achieve robust growth; forecast 2) Other wines include, among others, headlines and black caps, high price for headlines, black-card high-light bottle track, future
In addition, as corporate income expands, the scale effect becomes more apparent, the administrative cost rate may be steadily decreasing, and it is expected that Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.