In 2023, the wine business together earned more than $30 billion, 21.5 per cent more than the previous year, and more than a billion more; the other alcohols earned more than $3.24 billion, 23 per cent more than the same year.
It was felt that the company had taken the initiative to slow down, mainly because of the 24-year spring delay, taking into account the fact that the year-round target had been exceeded, and that, in terms of cost, the product structure of the beneficiary product and price increases, the rate of Maori had risen year-on-year.
1.7 pcts to 88.3 per cent; 4q Māori ratio rises by 1.8 pcts to 87.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with profit digitization rates increasing operational efficiency, with cost rates falling by 1.61 pcts to 16.43 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of a 0.58 pcts decrease on a year-on-year basis and a decrease in administrative costs on a year-on-year basis
0.86 pcts; the cost rate for the 4q period fell by 0.98 pcts to 22.2% on a year-on-year basis, with the main benefit-management efficiency rate increasing the optimal cost. Māori upscaling costs were optimized, with profit growth of 23q4 faster than revenue.
The stock share of institutional investors in circulation is adjusted to increase faster than the business as a whole. With the support of the five-yard system, products are sold at a favourable price during the spring season.
Good performance. The q1 Māori ratio increased by 0.3 pcts on a year-on-year basis, achieving a steady and positive increase, benefiting a portion of the cost of sales ahead of the cost of sale, with the cost rate falling by 2.26 pcts to 9.96 per cent over the period (of which the cost of sales fell by 1.23 pcts on a year-on-year basis and the management cost decreased by 0.79 pcts on a year-on-year basis).
The price of batches is not volatile, demand is stable, and q2 performance is certain. Throughout the year, companies pre-evolve digitalization and improved access. This year, they will further improve access and regional expansion, strengthen internal synergies, and are expected to exceed annual targets throughout the year.
This report was prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or re-issued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may use or use this report prior to receipt of the report or on the basis of information or research recommended by the House. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will change before notification. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report is  with a view or position, or it will be bought, sold or offered. The certificate described in the report may be bought by and on behalf of a client’s account . The report ... is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.