Business Road (001965.sz)
Merchant highways are the leading highway investment operator in the country: by the end of 2022, the company was under the banner of a multiplicity of highways, including the Kyuzin Pond, the Tari Wen and the North Long highways, with 1038.87 km of controlled shares, and a management mileage of 2008 that occupied a significant geographical location, with a clear regional advantage.
In addition, the company is involved in 15 high-quality road listing companies, covering three quarters of all listed companies, with a total investment mileage of 12914 km, a steady lead in the business of the highway industry, a stake of 3614 km, and a network of invested roads covering 22 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities.
The toll highway industry is growing steadily, and historical cash returns are strong. The toll highway connects major urban areas and is the backbone of the country’s main road network. Economic development is active in the movement of passengers and goods, leading to a high-speed public/52-week maximum/lowest price.
By the end of 2021, 124,000 kilometres of the national highway had been built, and the construction of new and proposed expansions accounted for 55% of the stock. The highway industry is now relatively mature, or will be dominated by steady growth.a
Listed companies have high-quality highways, historical cash flows are excellent, and overall dividends are strong. Internal and external dynamics are synergizing, and there is still much room for future development: the average remaining stockholdings in the current market are 13.1 years, and the 15 highway companies that have invested abroad have an average surplus of road production.
In the long term, the future construction and expansion of our highways has continued to take place in many areas, such as the stock market and the Quiyang highway, and has accumulated considerable experience in the areas of investment and management of the highways, establishing a sound system of investment decision-making and management of operations.
There is still room for sustained development over the long term. A high red rate is expected to be maintained in the context of the development of hand-carriage and equity participation companies: companies maintain higher dividends distribution overall for more than 12 years, and some of the road products under most corporate flags are new and expanded.
The plan, while looking at future dividends for participating companies, is still expected to distribute high dividends, and therefore the company is expected to maintain high dividends for the foreseeable future. Valuations, profit projections, and investment proposals: we expect a net return profit for the company for 2023-2025, respectively
The remaining fee periods continue to reduce risk, the limited risks of profit projections, and the risk of valuation limitations.
In addition, the company is involved in 15 high-quality road listing companies, covering three-quarters of the industry, with a total investment of 12,914 kilometres, and is the first-largest in the business highway industry.
With 3614 km, the network of roads invested has covered 22 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the central authority of the country. The toll highway connects the main urban areas and is the backbone of the national network of main roads.
623.2 billion yuan. By the end of 2021, 124,000 kilometres of the national highway had been built, with new and planned expansions accounting for 55% of the stock of road production. The highway industry is now relatively mature and will grow in the future, mainly as a result of steady growth.
In the long run, the country’s new highway construction and redevelopment is still 69,000 km, and the company is actively expanding its external investment opportunities, building and acquiring excellence.
Qualitative road products, which have been involved since 2015 in several projects such as the share-holding Yangtze and Quiyang highways, have accumulated considerable experience in the areas of investment and management of roads, and have established well-developed investment decision-making and operational management systems, with long-term scope for sustainable development.
The remainder of the division ' s business life was more than 12 years old, and most of the company ' s share of it had new and expanded plans, while, in view of its plans for future dividends for participating companies, it was still possible to allocate high dividends, as it was expected that the company would continue to have high dividends for the foreseeable future.
On December 18, 1993, the former Chinese construction centre for commercial roads was set up. The Chinese construction centre, which is under the Ministry of Transport and is a publicly owned enterprise, is self-financing. In March 1999, the Ministry of Transport transferred the Chinese construction centre as a whole.
On 1 July 2016, the Chamber of Commerce and Industry issued a circular on the conversion of the Bureau of Commerce and Industry to China Road Investment Ltd., agreeing to the conversion of the company into a joint-stock company.
Snake assets are the initiators of an overall change in business capital, the establishment of a limited share in the technical and scientific holdings of the Bureau of Commerce's road network, and the conduct of the entire assets and operations of the company's business, mainly in the form of operating fees, investment, specialized operation and management of the road.
On June 24, 2016, the North China Highway (000916.sz) was closed. The North China Highway, which was marketed on December 25, 2017 at a stock exchange, code 001965.sz. As of the first quarter of 2023, the bulk of the registered road shareholders were still in the group, holding 68.57 per cent of the shares.
In addition, the company ' s 2016 replenishment and the shareholdings introduced at the time of the stock exchange in 2017, such as Xinjiang Capital, Sino-New Interconnection, Tarkang Life, and Kyuzun Tong High Highway, are still among the top 10 shareholders, with the top 10 shareholders holding a share as at 31 December 2022, with a total of 26 toll-road projects run by merchant roads in the east.
In addition to the 15 central and western provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central and Western Region, which manage a distance of up to 2008 km, companies participate in 25 high-quality toll-road companies, 15 of which are listed on a and h highways.
Toll highways - the steady growth of the cash cow industry, the build-up of the infrastructure, the continuous increase in the density of the highway network, the highway means "a multi-way road dedicated to the direction of cars, the separation of lanes, the complete control of access."
In 1984, the State Council established a policy of “loan repair, repayment of fees,” which broke the financial constraints of the country’s main road network, characterized by speed, mobility, low transport costs, and safety of vehicles, connecting major urban areas.
From this point of view, the highways were built in 1989 and then built on such highways as the Shen, Kyuzun Tong, and the Kyoshi. Since 1998, the state has implemented active fiscal policies to boost domestic demand, increasing capital investment, and moving the highway.
Rapid growth period. By the end of 2021, the total mileage of highways in the country amounted to 16,91,000 kilometres, and the density of highway networks in the country amounted to 1.76 kilometres/100 square kilometres.
According to the Toll Road Regulations, the operator of a toll-free highway is authorized by law to charge a vehicle toll to the vehicle on the road.
The principle of reporting establishes that, generally, 30 years may not exceed 30 years for large-scale investments and long-cycle toll roads, which may exceed 30 years after the expiration of the fee, and are managed by the Government as a whole. In terms of rates, rates for operating highways, depending on the technical grade of the road, total investment, etc.
The calculation of the local price index, the period for repayment of loans or the collection of funds on a reimbursable basis and the period for recovery of investments and the amount of traffic are determined by the competent departments of the people's governments of the provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the central government, together with the competent authorities of the same level of prices.
In general, the unit rates for toll-free highways are differentiated according to the type of vehicle to be used, depending on the type of passenger and cargo vehicles and the type of vehicle, corresponding to the rate of usage in different units and charging the road fare based on the actual distance to be travelled, as well as the model for charging the freight-car charge based on the actual load and distance to be charged.
In the case of the Guangxi, Shandong and Jiangsu road rates, it can be seen that, with the increase in the category of vehicles, the single-car charge rates have been gradually raised, but there are differences between regions in the classification of vehicle types and rates, as in the case of Jiangsu, where there is a parallel charge pattern by vehicle type and by weight charge. At the same time, the actual implementation of the roads in question has been accompanied by a collection of fees.
The rate of fees may be subject to a gradual adjustment as a result of specific preferential relief policies introduced by national or local governments. Economic growth has led to a steady increase in traffic and a steady return on high-quality highway road output, and with the sustained growth of our economy, motor vehicle holdings have continued to rise and, as of the first half of 2023, we were operating.
By the end of 2021, the number of civilian cars in the country stood at more than 10,000, an increase of 8.2 per cent.
The rate of speed road tolls as a whole remained on the rise, reaching $623.2 billion in 2021, an increase of 36.5 per cent compared with an increase of 12.3 per cent in 2019, as shown in figure 4: our motor vehicle holdings
Figure 5: Our highway toll revenue, a share of which is a high-quality highway road product with excellent historical cash flow and a strong overall bonus. 17 of the 20 highway toll companies with an interest range of 100 km or more are listed in a share.
For example, the Department maintained a steady overall increase in income for 2015-2022, a healthy cash flow, a smooth overall profit, a positive operating cash flow for 2022 and a net return profit for mothers.a The stock listing highway company maintained a high red mark, with an overall red mark of 40 per cent for 2017-2022
above, the average annual share of the 17 companies mentioned above amounts to around $10 billion. Figure 6: Income from road companies with an equity mileage of 100 km or more, Figure 7: Cash flows from road companies with an equity mileage of 100 km or more
Figure 8: A share in profits of road companies with an equity mileage of 100 km or more, Figure 9: a share in dividends of road companies with an equity mileage of 100 km or more
The National Road Network Plan, published in July 2022, provides that the National Highway Network will complement the National Highway Network with the idea of maintaining overall stability, achieving effective connectivity, enhancing access capacity, and improving the efficiency of the network. The total size of the National Highway Network is approximately 461,000 kilometres, of which the National Highway is about the same.
162,000 kilometres, or approximately 299,000 kilometres, of ordinary national roads. 10,000 kilometres, and some 30,000 kilometres of busy roads, need to be adapted. It can be seen that our highway network is more mature than it is, with an increase of 31 per cent in the length of the production of the inventory being built and proposed and an expansion of the stock.
The length of road production accounts for 24% of the length of the stock of road production.
The most important part of the business is a highway investment operation. The hiring road is a comprehensive highway investment service provider with the longest range of investments in China, the widest area of coverage, and the most complete industrial chain.
As a result of force majeure, company road traffic and toll revenues declined in 2022, and company figure 11: Net profit and increase in the same rate of return of the road to the road.
The project entered into a concession agreement with the selected project development investor authorizing the investor to establish the project company as the overall investment and construction operator of the project, guaranteeing the quality and efficiency of the construction, operation, management and transfer of the project; and, during the concession period provided for in the agreement, collecting tolls for passing vehicles and accompanying facilities in accordance with the law
(b) At the end of the operating period, the project company handed over the project to the Government without charge, and in addition to the company's active search for opportunities for extended acquisitions, which since 2015 have led to successive acquisitions of shares.
The high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, and sustainable-capacity-scale, high-capacity-sized, high-capacity-sized, high-to-to-business capacity-to-to-to-business capacity-to-to-to-to-to-life projects.
By the end of 2022, the company’s production under its flag consisted of the Kyunjin Tong, the Tari Wen, the North Long, the Kowloon, the Gui Heung, the Guiyang, the Yangtze, the Zing San, the Odong Bridge, the Yongjing Highway,
The high speed, the high speed, the high speed of the Guizhou airport, and the high speed of the Kyotai airport, and the length of the company’s controlled road output, which is 1038.87 m, all occupy a significant geographical location, most of which belong to the main province of the country’s main arteries, with a clear regional advantage.
In addition to the relatively high rates of fees for Hing, Guiyang, Yangping and Ling, the company is involved in 15 high-quality road listing companies, covering three-quarters of the industry. By the end of 2022, the number of road management sections was 26.
With 15 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government, the co-benefits of the eight regional road networks “King Jin-Shu, Lu, Hubei River West, Long Triangle, Guangxi, Yun Gui, Sung-kyung and Shaanxi” have become even more obvious. For example, the total mileage of the combined investment in the public road is 12914 kilometres, bringing together the participating companies.
The business highway industry is in the forefront, with 3614 km of equity mileage, and the network invested covers 22 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government.
81 million vehicles in traffic and $4.80 billion in toll revenue, a decrease of 18.6 per cent and 15.3 per cent, respectively, compared with the same period.
Business types, such as information services, are based on Chongqing, where projects are obtained mainly by tender or by negotiation. 2022 Smart traffic operations: companies actively create new models of development, combining information technology and big data applications, extending from traditional simple toll road operations to higher ends of the industrial chain and new industries, and setting up intelligent transport industries.
High quality and efficiency of service delivery. Businesses with intelligent road transport plates, digitally and info-based means of improving motorway mobility, streamlining service processes, optimizing service experience, covering smart charges, smart security, smart operations, traffic broadcasting, electronic invoicing, etc., smart cities, smart tubes.
Businesses such as maintenance and smart car inspection operations, which seek to integrate increasingly innovative information technologies into day-to-day highway maintenance, reduce management and maintenance costs, create value added and break new profit growth points. In 2022, corporate smart traffic revenue amounted to $1,013 million, an increase of 13.2 per cent.
Figure 15: Businesses on smart road traffic revenue and the same rate of increase in road traffic technology revenue and the same rate of increase in traffic eco-business: Businesses on eco-portfolios, mainly companies in traditional environmental governance protection and landscape building
On the basis of a package of packages, a new business block that incorporates the new business transformation and upgrading of the new industry is dedicated to water and ecological restoration, earth restoration, landscapes, large municipal integrated landscapes, tourist roads, environmental counselling, green buildings, etc. The company ' s transport and eco-business revenue in 2022 was $269 million, an increase of 13.1 per cent.
Cost is dominated by depreciation amortization and maintenance costs, with higher levels of profit at the end of the cost, the core cost of the company's highway investment operator's business consists of intangible highway franchises, amortization of assets, labour costs and operating maintenance costs.
The business model of the toll-free highway is similar to that of the concession, whereby the highway is built by the operator, tolls are charged for the duration of the camp and maintenance of the road product is paid back to the Government after the pay-off period is over.
Toll revenues obtained by road assets vary significantly at different stages of their life cycle, so the project company forms a concession asset at the time of the construction of the public road, and the cost of amortization, based on the predetermined amortization factor and the actual amortization over the life of the project, is generally the largest cost of the highway operator ' s business.
- Road ownership amortization amounted to 1,493 million, representing 54.4 per cent of the operating costs of the company ' s highway investment portfolio and 27.7 per cent of the company ' s operating costs.
Intangible road assets - amortization of road rights
And $520 million, representing about 20 per cent of the operating costs of the company's highway investment portfolio, remained stable as a whole. As a result of the force majeure of the epidemic and the effect of the four-quarters truck charge-back policy, the company paid for highway operations in 2022, with gross profits of $2,395 million, a 23.1 per cent decline in the same year and a 46.6 per cent decline in the same year, a 6.9 per cent decline in the same year.
The rate of lubricant is largely in line with the traditional profit level of the highway company, and in other business areas: the level of Māori in the company ' s transportation technology business has remained at around 13 per cent, Māori 2022, Māori 23: Māori and gross profits in the commercial road transport technology business
Figure 22: Cost and rate of increase in technology and technology for engaging in road traffic, Figure 24: Cost and rate of increase in engaging in road smart traffic, Figure 25: Profitability of engaging in road smart traffic, Māori and gross
Figure 26: Cost and rate of increase in commercial road traffic eco-operations, Figure 27: Māori and gross profit margin for commercial road traffic eco-businesses Summary, total operating costs for companies in 2022 were $5.388 billion, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period, and gross profits of 2.91 billion.
With regard to management costs, the company ' s acquisition of the high, high and high speeds rose significantly in 2018, with management costs falling from about 8 per cent to about 6 per cent and 6.27 per cent in 2022. With regard to R & D costs, the company ' s R & D costs were about 2 per cent, compared to 2022.
In terms of the return on investment, 15 of the 25 high-quality road companies engaged in business road participation, of which 15 are a share, h share of high-speed road listings, the return on investment is mainly accounted for by the equity law, and their participation in the road company contributes substantially.
Investment returns. The share of corporate profits earned on business roads for the past year has been maintained at over 60 per cent. Investment returns in 2022 were $3.26 billion, or 61.7 per cent of the company ' s total profits. In 2020 and 2022, the company accounted for its holdings of modern investment shares and its holdings of high-speed shares, respectively.
The method of accounting has been transformed into long-term equity investments accounted for by equity, generating $327 million and $578 million of out-of-business income, respectively, leading to higher off-the-shelf income in the current period, while the rest of the company ' s reporting lines have remained stable overall.The company ' s historical performance as a whole has continued to rise, with fluctuations in 2020-2022 and net profits of $5.252 billion in 2022.
Figure 34: Net profit and net return on commercial roads: Net profit and net profit on commercial roads: Net profit and return on commercial roads: In terms of asset-liability ratios, the rate of liability on commercial road assets is relatively low, and the level of historical asset-liability is as follows:
About 40 per cent, with an asset-liability rate of 41.1 per cent in 2022, since the company's listing, the cash flow has been healthy, with a high share of the red over the past three years.
In terms of revenue from toll highway operations, in 2022, the ratio of revenue from road operations of companies to depreciation was approximately 4:1 per cent, the gross profit rate of road owners was mainly around 50 per cent, cash flows were running cash flows in the company's main business, capital gains in equity companies were accumulated, and overall cash flows were smooth.
A major feature of listed companies is the higher rates of dividends and dividends. Between 2020 and 2022, the amount of dividends from companies continued to grow, stabilizing the diversity of high dividends. The average remaining charge for road products was more than 10 years, and the short- and medium-term gains were safe.
The highway companies do not have sustainable property, which is returned free of charge to the local government at the end of their operations. However, in the short and medium term, the average remaining period of operation of the road ownership companies is 13.1 years, while the 15 road companies that invest in them have an average remaining period of 12.2 years.
The company is actively looking for high-quality road products in order to buy them at a relatively reasonable price. Since 2015, the company has acquired 26 highways, including the Yangtze, Guiyang and other highways, and is investing in and operating the highways.
As mentioned earlier, by the end of 2021, the national highway was about 10,000 kilometres open and about 29,000 kilometres to be built.
In addition, about 30,000 km of busy roads need to be reconfigured, 31% of the length of the inventory is increased by the length of the road product being built and proposed, and 24% of the length of the stock is increased by the length of the road product, as can be seen from the fact that there is still some room for building and expanding the stock of road product in the highways.
In the company ' s current holdings, the Kyotsu Tong highway has been explicitly expanded, and among the participating companies, such as Ningjong, Shandong, Tungtung, etc., have been identified as either expanding some of the production under the flag or investing in new projects to achieve sustainable development.
On the basis of the foregoing, we believe that, for the foreseeable future, the hiring road itself and its participating companies will continue to have a good year in which the cash fraction will increase and the profits to be distributed in cash will not be less than the current year's consolidated statement to the shareholders of the parent company when the company's financial and cash position is good and there are no major investment plans or cash expenditures.
50% net profit deduction for distribution of profits to holders of other equity instruments, such as durable debt, if any, taking into account the company ' s total remaining business of 12 years or more in handcarry and share-listed companies and the fact that most of the company ' s holdings are under a new and expanded scheme, while future dividends for participating companies are still expected.
With high dividends distributed, companies are expected to maintain a high red rate for the foreseeable future. In 2022, as a result of the effects of the disease’s force majeure and the policy of cutting charges on end-of-year trucks, the company’s highway revenues fell, the Māori rate fell, and business is expected to return to normal in 2023.
For other business segments, the expected volume or steady growth of income from the acquisition of road traffic technology units is expected to remain at around 13 per cent: we expect a steady increase in income from smart transport and eco-transport operations.
Relative valuation method: a similar company, pb-roe, uses the relative valuation method to value the commercial road, considering that a share of the highway block has a relatively short length of stock holding by listed companies, and that some companies have already started to transform and collect.
There has been a marked decline in the share of income invested in the operation of the Central Highway, where we have been able to take a controlled share of production of more than 500 kilometres, with a higher share of the toll-free highway operation of seven listed companies, namely, Quantico High, Chutian High, Ning Yu High, Deep High, Shandong High, Natsu High, Nakahara High and Merchant Highway.
From a pb-roe perspective, the above-mentioned seven listed companies have a linear relationship with the pb-roe array of 2022 roe and 18 August 2023 pb, such as 8.03% of the Roe level in 2022 for the Admission Road, which is a reasonable pb of 1.113 times.
A stronger point-flank relationship, such as the consistent projection of the profit of roe in 2023 on the admission road, calculated as a reasonable pb valuation of 1.129x and the share value of 9.70.
Despite the fact that highway companies are required to return to the government free of charge after the expiration of their road fares and are not fully sustainable properties, the hiring road is the longest listed company in the country, with stock holdings held for more than 13 years, and the participating company has an average business life of more than 12 years and is still actively seeking it.
The expansion of M & As into the main business, with real long-cycle operational stability and robust operations at the moment, is mainly centred on toll highway operations and traffic technology operations, with relatively concentrated operations, and the future score is expected to remain stable, so here we use the ddm method to value companies.
Under the ddm valuation method, p = \sum_tnfrac{d_t}(1+k_e)t} Calculates the company ' s adjustment to beta = 0.5873 for the past year based on the Vandebeth calculator, the 10-year rate of return on national debt = 2.57 per cent risk-free rate, and the 6 per cent equity risk premium based on k_e = 6.09 per cent for the company ' s future.
The rate of distribution of dividends remained unchanged at 55 per cent, with a constant 0.5 per cent growth rate, calculated a public history review under the company ' s ddm valuation model, and the value of the shares of companies listed on the highways at the lower interest rate stage performed well.
The higher the value of the stock. The overall performance of the highway plate shows a negative correlation with market interest rates, particularly in 2023, and the road index continues to rise as the rate of return on the 10-year maturity of the country’s debt continues to decline. If the market’s risk-free interest rate drops from 2.57% to 0.25pct to 2.22%, the offer is calculated on the basis of the ddm valuation.
Figure 46: Trends in the sw road index and the 10-year rate of return on public debt
Investment service providers, holding a length of 1038.87 km. In addition, the company is involved in 15 high-quality road companies, covering three quarters of the listed companies, with a total equity mileage of 3614 km, and a total investment mile of 12914 km, which is a steady first in the business of the highways.
In the long run, the country’s highways will continue to be built and expanded at a scale of 69,000 kilometres, with companies actively expanding external investment opportunities, building and acquiring high-quality road products, and still having a great deal of room for development. Road traffic, especially cargo traffic, is highly correlated with economic development, and trucks tend to be relatively low.
In the case of macroeconomic downturns, the flow of traffic and the revenue from the company’s sub-carriage may fall short of expectations and be detrimental to performance. Moreover, in the case of economic downturns, the return on reinvestment by companies may be a risk of a discounted revenue policy on road fares.
In recent years, the country has introduced a holiday highway fee reduction policy, a free highway access policy for part of the year 2020-2022, and policies to reduce tolls on trucks, such as the continuation of policies at the policy level in the future, could have some impact on the performance of highway companies.
Toll highways are not permanently operated, if no extension can be made before the fee period, and when the goods are due, they are returned to the local government free of charge.
Transforming, but which may have adverse effects on long-term development if the proceeds from the acquisition projects fall short of expectations or failure to do so. The profit forecast in this report is based only on linear assumptions based on the company’s current operating property situation and possible future changes, such as the company’s vehicle traffic less than expected or the expansion of other business, or the company’s external M & As.
This report is based on assumptions about the return on investment over the next three years, such as the fact that the future profitability of the company’s participating companies as a whole is less than expected.
This report inverts the company’s cost in terms of its expected gross profit margin, which may lead us to underestimate the cost of the business and lead to higher-than-real projections of profits if the company’s business performance is lower than expected.
This report uses the absolute valuation method and the relative valuation method to value companies. The absolute valuation method uses the ddm model, using a discount rate of 6.09% and a constant 0.5% growth rate, and the two variables are selected for valuation.
The result is more influential, and highway listings are not really sustainable, and there is a risk of overvalued companies if the variables change significantly in the future. Under the relative valuation method, we use pb-roe to compare pb-roe to other highway listings.
As a result of the relatively small number of companies compared to each other, the results of the valuation may be inaccurate and the authors of the overvalued company ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.