The road is a Chinese investment bank.
As of 1h2023, the company's interests ranged from 3659 km to the top of the industry.
With a core advantage. 1h2023, benefiting from a return in traffic, the company’s revenue grew by 20% on a year-on-year basis, and the net profit from the mother grew by 19% on a year-on-year basis.
The rate of high-speed flats has increased by 23 per cent over the same period, from 1h2019 to 2.6 per cent, while the rate of high-quality high-speed plate dividends has risen by over 4.2 per cent, and the value of high-yield high-speed plate configurations has increased significantly.
The market is about 12 times higher, and the market is about 0.9 times higher, and is close to an average of less than one-fold of the standard deviations, with sufficient security margins. Thanks to such policies as the “medium valuation” and the new insurance regulations, we believe that the present is a good opportunity for re-engineering high-speed plate valuations.
External M&As support growth, and companies promise high dividends. (1) Companies are expanding their holdings through extended M&As, with 87% of the company’s RMIs being acquired.
Corporate fundamentals (RMBs) are endogenously growing. Companies bring together high-quality industry resources through participation in high-speed enterprises, and the Kyoto high-speed will begin to expand in 2023, which will delay their performance during the expansion period.
The company's core advantage is growth through M & As. We think it's a global highway giant, mandys, through continuous M & A, excellent net cash flow per share of business.
Initiatives such as asset conversion, moving out of the unique growth path of domestically listed companies. (4) 2022 roe (belonging to parent companies) (sale) Economic repairs are not as fast as expected, construction of re-engineering works is not as fast as expected, highway fees are charged.
Policy change risks, investment returns significantly reduce risks.
i. Merchant Roads: China’s largest investment mileage and most extensive road investment service provider 1.1 locates the investment operating platform, relying on the resources of the China Bureau of Commerce to locate the investment operating platform and the equity mileage industry first.
The company was set up in 2016 to absorb the integration of the North China high-speed and marketed in 2017. As at 1H2023, the company held 14 shares in 25 high-quality toll road companies, with a power mileage of 3659 km, and ranked first in the industry.
The company’s main operations are divided into four segments: investment operations, transportation technology, smart transportation, and business ecology, with 62% of the investment portfolio in 2022. The company’s investment returns are mainly from participating highway companies, which achieved $3.46 billion in 2022, representing an operating profit ratio.
The shareholders in the company are the Chamber of Commerce Group Limited, which as of 1h2023 held 68.57% of the members of the Bureau of Commerce and Industry, with the company actually controlling the Department of State. The Group is concentrated in the three main industries of integrated transport, niche finance, city and park development, and the company is the only road under the banner of the Bureau of Commerce.
The holding shareholders have a strong background, and companies are able to build the moats with their industrial influence and resource coordination capacity, especially with regard to the core advantages of the expansion of road resources. Figure 4: The holding shareholders’ group shareholding ratio is 68.57% (up to 1h2023)
1.2 Benefited from a rebound in traffic, with 1h2023 having a high level of innovation 13.3 per cent, mainly due to a large acquisition of controlled road products by companies, with revenue growth from revenue tolls leading to performance growth. Performance declined during the epidemic.
Net profits were equal to 49 per cent, mainly due to the decline in highway traffic during the epidemic, tolls on corporate holdings and investment returns. In 2022, the company achieved $8.3 billion, or 4 per cent, in return for a return net profit of $4.86 billion, or 2 per cent, mainly affected by the outbreak and the discount on the four-quarters freight rates.
*1h2023 The performance of the company is highly innovative. 1h2023, the company ' s revenue and the parent ' s net profit were the highest in history, with the company earning $4.28 billion, or 20 per cent, compared with 2019, or +16 per cent; the return net profit was 2.81 billion, or +19 per cent, compared with 2019, or +22 per cent, mainly due to the return of traffic, increased profits from participating companies, and the addition of participating publics
Compared to comparable companies, the net profit return is the first and more resilient. Although the company ranked fourth in the 1h2023th, the net profit from the return on investment was the highest in the comparable company. The resilience of 2022. On the one hand, in 2022, the company ' s operating income was the same as the freeway, and the rest were the same as the rest.
Growth; on the other hand, corporate equity participation has spread throughout the country, and does not result in significant delays in performance (e.g. deep-high-speed - 23%, high-speed-25%) due to the severe outbreak effects in a single area, and the net return on corporate investment of $3.46 billion has increased the net return on the home. The main reason for the increase in the interest rate on the home is the increase in corporate participation and in the share of the return on investment over the same period in 2019.
The net interest rate on corporate returns was higher than the Māori rate, mainly because the return on investment was higher than the profit, at 1h2023, and the return on corporate investment was 76% of the operating profit. The basic improvements were higher than the dividends, and the road blocks were properly configured.
2.1 The flow of traffic is recovering, the basics of the roads are improving, the flow of traffic is higher than expected, and the traffic of 51 vehicles is higher than in the same period in 2019. With the optimization of the disease control policy, highway traffic recovered in the first half of 2023.
Total traffic amounted to 1,184 million vehicles, an increase of 18.6 per cent over the same period in 2022 and 17.2 per cent over the same period in 2019.
Looking forward to the year 2023, we believe that the highway traffic growth is expected to continue, driving the highway block to profit, and that the traffic is expected to grow rapidly. The increase in passenger traffic depends on the increase in car holdings and the increase in the number of trips by residents, which rose from 260 million in 2019 to 319 in 2022.
Millions of vehicles, with a compound annual growth rate of 7.1%, we believe that the epidemic is under control, and that the increase in vehicle holdings over the past three years has not been fully reflected in the growth of bus traffic. With the end of the epidemic and the repair of residents’ needs, vehicle holdings are very thin, and they are expected to contribute to a rapid increase in passenger traffic.
A positive correlation (r2 = 0.82) between the volume of road freight and the value added of industry is, according to our calculations, better. The July meeting of the Political Bureau concluded that the recovery of the national economy has been sustained and the overall recovery has been positive, and that it has been “a positive expansion of domestic demand” and “consumption powered up”.
We believe that sustained economic rehabilitation will provide an in-house boost to the growth and growth of road traffic, which is expected to grow steadily. Income is seasonal, with 1h2023 high-speed plates showing high performance innovation.
Half-year harvests were generally better than in the first half of the year, mainly due to a decline in cargo traffic before and after Spring Festival, q4 being a traditional cargo season, and so on. The benefits were derived from the recovery of traffic, with the net profit on the 1h2023 highway plate, which was 56.620 billion yuan, an increase of 8 per cent compared to the same period in 2019; and the net profit on the parent was $15.42 billion, an increase of the same amount.
2.2 During the low interest rate period, the high-valued tablet has increased its value, and the high-speed plate has increased its size. We have selected the high-speed plate, which focuses on listed companies, and have streamlined its distribution policy, and have found that the high-speed plate has adopted a more active distribution policy in recent years, with a clear increase in the willingness to repay shareholders in cash-red terms.
For example, in the Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2022-2024), Merchant Road proposes that the profit to be distributed in cash is no less than 55% of the profit to the holder of other equity instruments, such as the parent’s net profit deduction against the permanent debt, if any. The proportion of cash to the priority companies within the plate has increased to varying degrees.
The cost of using interest rates as funds depends to a large extent on the capital rate of return of the enterprise, which is associated with the gdp acceleration rate. We observe the interest rate levels in the United States and Japan and the gdp rate of increase, which for most of the time shows a positive correlation, and the same trend in China.
Figure 18: Long-term interest rates have a certain correlation to the gdp growth rate
High-speed plate-resistant dividends, and now high-value-fixing ratios. Highways, as defensive markers, tend to have good excess gains at lower interest rates, mainly because of the relative stability of highway traffic and the resilience of high-quality highway companies, even during periods of economic pressure.
The interest rate was over 4.2 per cent, higher than the current rate of return on public debt, and higher value for configuration.
2.3 The valuation is at a historically low level, and the policy wind presents a good opportunity for configuration: the following one-fold standard deviation. At the same time, the high-speed market net rate is about 0.9 times that of the high-speed plate, which is also close to the average market net rate since 2000, and the following one-fold standard deviation, which is at a very low level. Although the high-quality high-speed business valuation will be slightly higher than that of the high-speed enterprise, the valuation is still in place.
The valuation has been restored at the right time, taking advantage of the “medium estimate.” Since last year, the issue of the unjustified valuation of some of these companies and state companies has been given increasing attention, and policy makers have repeatedly stressed the need to build a “Chinese identity valuation system” that will facilitate the re-establishment of valuations by both state and foreign companies.
Roadboard companies are mostly high-quality corporations, state companies, and the whole valuation of the plate is at a very low level, with a room for restoration. As the system of state-owned policy reforms is well under way, state-owned enterprises are further accelerating in capital operations, and we consider it a good opportunity to re-establish high-speed plate valuations, inspired by policies that create the value of world-class firms.
Figure 22: The high-speed market surplus is at an all-time low Figure 23: The high-speed market net is still less than one-fold
Under the old standards, risk firms tend to include the value of their investments in a marketable gold finance product for profit smoothing reasons. Under the new standards, however, equity-based financial assets require fair value measurement, which can be divided into fvtpl and fvtoci, and classification decisions are irrevocable.
If Fvtpl is selected, the fair value change needs to be recognized in the current period and reflected directly in the profit statement, the stock wave will be reflected in the current profits. If the venture chooses to classify as fvtpl, the venture will prefer assets with less price volatility in order to maintain profit stability.
If they choose to divide into fvtoci, their fair value changes are factored into other composite returns, i.e. equity price fluctuations and sales differentials cannot be reflected in a profit statement.
We believe that, under the new insurance regulations, low volatility and high dividends of the highway plates will significantly increase the value of their allocation to venture capital. Three, the rate of growth in new road production will decline, and the efficiency of the acquisition of road products will be high, at 10,000 km, or 5%. Since 2016, the speed of the highway has dropped to less than 10%.
The plan proposes some 26,000 kilometres of additional high-speed road production, which is 13.3% lower than the 13th Plan target (about 30,000 km). We believe that this is due to two reasons: from the government's perspective, the network is now gradually improving, and it is largely able to meet the needs of the population for travel, and the marginal gains from the construction of new roads are low, and their high cost will put fiscal pressure on them.
The core economic zone is already saturated, with new production located in relatively remote locations and at higher cost and less profitable. In 2018, in Ningjian, for example, a new roadway town, Dan, became operational, with a large gap in its Māori ratio over five years, which is better than that of the district.
Figure 25: The country’s highway mileage has been reduced to 10% or less since 2016 Chart 26: A good and mature road product is more profitable than a new road product, and it is more efficient to buy it. For high-speed businesses, growth in the road mileage is important for their performance to grow.
In contrast to the new road products, the acquisition of the goods, without having to go through construction and streaming, can directly deliver the mature road performance and contribute directly to the increase in revenue. From an operational point of view, the new road products need to go through the zero-sum streaming period before the cash can be safely recovered.
The acquisition of a road product does not require construction and stream development, and the acquisition of the project has a direct benefit and has a certain level of basic traffic and a definite advantage. In terms of incrementality, the increase in the production of a new road product requires planning and more than five years of construction, adding it to the 14th-Fifteenth-Fifteenth-Fifteen-Fifteenth-Fifteenth-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen.
And the wide range of options for buying them, without having to go through a construction week, can be faster to increase. From a cost perspective, highway construction is now more technically standard, and the amount of work and input is more expensive.
And with the rise in land, materials, and labour costs, the cost of building new roads rises. The acquisition of road products is largely based on a profit-based assessment of pricing, which does not increase significantly when the basics of the road products do not change significantly.
The cost of building a single kilometre has risen from $50 million to $97 million over time. The cost of building a single kilometre of the three-phased deep-high-speed outlying projects currently under construction has reached $503 million because of the closeness of the bridge to 95%. As a result of the build-up, the acquisition of road products has often been able to yield higher internal returns.
The rate of return is 10.07%, while the cost of the new project is high, the cost of the better Shenzhen ring project is higher, and the debt burden is higher, and the roads are bought or destroyed. The highway is generally operated by borrowing money to build roads and to charge money.
In high circumstances, the highway debt burden is increasing. In 2021, the national toll-to-road deficit expanded to $60.47 billion, and the road debt balance increased to $7.5 trillion.
The acquisition of road products is the main way for listed companies to add new road products. We select the main high-speed company to be listed, counting it as 124.2 km of construction mileage and 874.5 km of acquisition mileage, which is seven times that of a new road mileage. Of this, the hiring road alone controls 291.9 km of acquisition interest in the road block, which is the first in the industry, plus its continuous participation in the stock market.
Toll-road companies gain more growth than the industry. Deep high speeds, although more mileage is added, do not increase much as part of the road is overcharged.
4.1 The controlled road traffic flow can still be nurtured, and the re-exploitation has led to an increase in performance. The advantage and profitability of the controlled road area is clear. By the end of 2022, the company had 14 controlled tolls, with a controlled mileage of 1038.87 km. The majority of the controlled torque production area has a clear advantage, being the backbone of the economic boom along the line, making a profit.
As a result of the epidemic, company-controlled toll revenues fell by 15.3 per cent in 2022 compared to the same year, traffic by the same year increased by more than industry, and company-controlled tolls grew. We observed company-wide traffic before the epidemic, from 2015 to 2019, and found that corporate traffic increased faster than the country ' s high speed.
With an average of 125,000 vehicles per day rising to an average of 222,000 per day in 2019, a five-year compound increase of 15.4 per cent, and a national high-speed vehicle traffic increase of 5.8 per cent, looking ahead, we believe that corporate-controlled road production is still more dynamic than industry, for three reasons.
In 2015, the three highways of Gui Hing, Guiyang and Yangping were acquired, and in 2016 the three highways were acquired. In 2019, after the company had been listed, the stock of assets under the Chinese iron traffic flag was acquired. By actively purchasing high-quality bids, the company has been expanding its revenues.
(2) The company has built-in ownership. The company currently has an average fee of about 13 years for the remaining stockholdings, and this is one of its strengths. The company has a relatively young stockhold, some of which are less than five years old, and there is still room for traffic development. We believe that when some of the company’s holdings pass through.
During the breeding period, the built-in profitability of the company will increase, so that the company’s road output will grow. Figure 37: The company’s road output is younger in the same industry.
One of the highway assets that contributed to the toll before the outbreak was over $600 million. At the present time, only six years are left for the high-speed billing period in Kyuzin Pond, and the company expects to start expanding the high-speed expansion in 2023. The company’s main cost-side increase is the depreciation amortization.
With the increase in traffic after completion (Ningu + 56 per cent, Cheng Qu + 44 per cent), we expect to have an increase in performance of $116-239 million in the first year after the completion of the high-speed expansion of Kyuzun Pond. 4.2 Shareholdings produce ballast for performance, benefiting from improvements in industry fundamentals.
The company is involved in 25 toll-road companies, of which 15 are a-h-stock listed, covering several economic nuclei, such as the long triangle, Lu Xinjiang, and Kawasaka, with significant regional advantages. The company’s return on investment is closely linked to the fundamentals of the road plate, benefiting from a return in traffic.
The share-sharing road product showed a remarkable increase in performance at 1h2023, resulting in a 38% increase in corporate investment returns over the same period. At the same time, companies have benefited from an increase in the share of high-speed plates in recent years.
With production entering maturity, with a steady and upward trend, and with 10 toll-road companies that are not listed on the market, we believe that the benefits of participation in the road contribute to the company’s performance as a ballast stone. By earning the return on investment through participation in the road, the company helps to reduce the risk of operating its own controlled road product, while helping the company’s other business sections to export and achieve synergies.
4.3 pairs of moundys, out of a unique growth path, the plate's performance is weak, and growth is one of the company's core strengths. Defensiveness is one of the typical features of the high-speed plate.
Road blocks, with the exception of the volatility of profits caused by the epidemic, show a more stable rate of profit growth.
More than highwaysetf, we can be moundys. Some investors in the market will be able to position the company as a highway block, etc. We review the history of the company's extended M & As and believe that the company's development thinking is clear, growing through extended M & As, asset excellence, etc., should not be limited to the location of the company.
Mundys are the largest road operators in Europe. Mundys are the Italian toll-road giant, and in 2006-2012 they merged the abertis group expansion map into Europe’s largest road operator.
Business income continued to grow, and profit fluctuations in 2018-2019 were due mainly to the combined increase in amortization and interest costs of abertis. The share of mundys has remained stable at more than 65%, and dividends have won the rate of return on the Italian national debt.
Getlink, buy freeway, buy Chile, Brazil.
Acquisition of aroportsdela 15.49% shares, joint road operators, and tata
Co-operation of the Gena Group in the operation of India.
Merge other road concessions nice, cannes-Yamolandi bridge.
Bank, Blackstone, Magdelieu and sainttropez collapse.
Investment in building and running rice, acquisition of Polish highways.
The purchase of two Roman airports and an offer to acquire abertis was affected by the crash.
Ran-Napolis High Speeder Fiumicino and Commercial Stallexport
The group is taking the highway off the highway.
Company (aspi) 88% sole chart 45: unswerving growth in business income in mundys
Figure 46: Merge abertis in 2018, resulting in net profit fluctuations in moundys.
Shareholdings, co-investments, etc. are among the largest road operators in Europe. Companies are also rapidly expanding themselves using multiple investment strategies.
• Holding the equity mileage cagr, the equity mileage cagr, the commercial highway, the peregrine highway.
For companies with a deep high-speed mileage, the holding mileage is more than 51% of the road mileage (2) development thinking is clear, stocking is active, and assets are optimized.
The Mundys Group’s early acquisitions were mostly done in a step-by-step manner, with a first step-by-step approach to increasing control over the target company and eventually achieving control. When we sort out the company’s long-term equity investments, the company does not just want to expand its size, but selectively buys and sells and optimizes its assets.
In 2019, the company planned to exchange 21.64% of the stock and 15% of the share of the bridge for a high rate of 58.03% of the stock of the ninja salt in order to achieve a change of stock and increase the competitiveness of the main industry (which was unsuccessful). Nor did the company plan for high-quality road goods to be placed on the market.
Sichuan Sichuan in 2018, 2019, and deep-speed equity in 2020, 2021. (3) Financing costs are low and projects are highly profitable.
The market’s core economic zone is road output. And the cost of financing is low for the mundys, which in 2019 was only 3.3 per cent, and we believe that for outward investment projects to achieve a higher rate of return, there is a need for lower financial costs and a higher level of project irr, and that both the creation and the expansion of the project are two of the company’s main advantages.
In terms of costs, high-speed company listings are high-quality companies, state companies, and companies have lower financial costs than the high-quality firms, with a strong corporate background and good business performance. In 2022, we measured the financial cost of the company as a project expansion, and the firm had stricter criteria for project expansion, requiring projects to be higher than industry averages.
By way of example, the company’s loanable projects are not less than 10%, which is well above the company’s financing cost of 2.1% of the year. Similarly, high-quality projects are scarce, and the company has an advantage in obtaining resources for high-quality projects, thanks to the influence and coordination of the group of major shareholders’ firms.
In the course of its development, the Mundys Group has expanded its diversified operations such as airports, electricity charges, construction, etc., and opened up opportunities for growth in its performance.
In 2022, the company generated $3.16 billion in diversified operations, an increase of 12.7% over the previous year, effectively counteracting the volatility of performance caused by the decline in major road operators. The company will continue to push ahead with the digitalization of roads, focusing on the intelligent transport sector, where the company’s diversified operations may have greater scope for growth.
In 2018-2022, corporate smart transport plate revenue was 27.9%, and the Māori rate stabilized at more than 15%. We believe that companies can continuously export innovative technology products from intelligent transport plate downwards and outwardly, by virtue of their dominance in the industrial chain.
In the 2022 Business Plan, it was proposed to “focus on breaking through the key core technologies of intelligent roads” and “exploring the technical level and core competencies of the intelligent transport plate by mergers and acquisitions.” The company’s research and development costs in 2022 amounted to $196 million, most of which was in the field of intelligent transport.
The annual net operating cash flow is in the third place in the industry, and the asset-liability ratio is still 4.32 pct below the median in the industry, and we believe that there is still room for raising the company’s share of the red, which would be a catalyst for the increase in equity prices.
In July of the same year, the Shandong High Highway released its Shareholder Return Plan for the next five years (2020-2024), which rapidly increased the high stock price in Shandong following the increase in the red ratio.
4.33 dollars increased to $6.87 on 30 July, an increase of 58.6 per cent; in the same phase, the high-speed Shandong compared to the high-speed highway operated as a major part of the plate, and the annual M&A purchase of the high-speed Kyotai will continue to expand the road output, resulting in additional depreciation amortization, maintenance costs, labour.
The cost, and the cost of human labour at the end of the inventory, will increase rigidly, so we expect the cost to be 11% and 14%, respectively. Smart traffic is an important part of the company’s multi-industry chain, and it is a section of the company’s focus. With the company’s dominance in the production chain, we think that the company’s intelligent transport plate is promising, and we give it 14% in combination with the previous rate of growth.
Corporate management costs are 6.0% at each rate: corporate R & D costs are 2.2% at every rate; annual cash distribution of profits is no less than the net return profit deduction for other equity instruments, such as debt sustainability, if any, is less than expected.
The construction of the redevelopment project is not as fast as expected. It is expected that the company’s stock-holding highway will be expanded in 2023, and that it will be more important as a company’s road product, with a higher harvest. If the expansion is not as fast as expected, it will limit the company’s traffic over time.
There is a change in the freeway charge policy. Tolls are set by the DARC or the Treasury, and if there is a higher-than-expected downward adjustment in the charge policy, it will have a significant impact on the company’s profitability.
Investment returns reduce risks significantly. Corporate returns on investment account for a larger share of corporate performance, which can be held back by a significant reduction in investment returns as a result of a significant reduction in corporate returns.
Within a week, in January, in February, in March.