The short-term costs do not affect core competitiveness, and the innovation harvest is announced in the financial announcement for the re-starry medicine: achieving operating income as of 30 June 2018.
118.59 billion, or 41.97 per cent more than the previous year; 1.56 billion, or 7.61 per cent, of the net profit from parent ownership; 1,201 million, or 5.32 per cent, of the net profit from non-repatriation; and cash flows from operating activities, with strong intra-company growth, including core assets such as Chongqing Pharmacy, Jiangsuvan State, Gland, etc.
More than 30% of performance increases. Corporate R & D advances efficiently and core products are expected to be on the market during the year. 1) Companies increase their investment in monocloned antibody bioinnovants and bio-like drugs, small molecular innovation drugs, and consistent evaluation, leading to an increase of 1,188 million dollars in R & D, compared to the increase in their investment in bioinnovators and bio-like drugs.
89.82 per cent, of which $248 million was added to the cost-effective R & D investment. 2) Interest charges increased by $173 million over the same period in 2017, due to higher market interest rates and higher interest-bearing debts. 3) The profits of calculus haemoglobin fell by about 30 per cent due to restrictions on new health-care catalogues and assistive medicines.
2. “China’s Biological Pharmacists, The Odds are Approaching!” - “The Institute is expected to recover in the second half of the year as a result of a reduction in the number of daily patients due to the impact of the jci certification.
Specific plate 1: 1) Medicines: Cattle blood drops by about 30%, new varieties such as non-Bustars drive high income growth, R & D investment increases further and the profit increases affected by R & D costs are lower. 2) Medical services: due to jci certification, profit declines in Jinchen Hospital by 24.28%, we think will be significant in the second half of the year.
4. Esciplana, through a consistency assessment, is expected to improve, leading to a higher rate of growth in the medical service plate. 3) Medical devices and diagnostics: sisram ' s high rate of growth, da Vinci ' s operation of robotics increased by 24 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the overall operation was robust. 4) Medical distribution
5. " Clinical declaration of cytotherapy products, promising later residence and retailing: National Drug Control Unit performance reversed and continued integration of instrumentation business and improved performance in the second half of the year. " 5) gland: more than 35 per cent increase in earnings and 74.5 per cent increase in regulated market revenues.
Danda has been granted a steady increase in the rate of import registration, which enriches domestic products. 6) Research and development: biopharmaceuticals, small molecular innovation medicines and consistency assessments further increase their input, and core products enter the harvest period.
▪ 1) Increased investment by companies in the development of monocloned antibody bioinnovators and bio-like drugs, small molecular innovators and consistent evaluation has resulted in an increase of 1,188 million, or 89.82 per cent, in R & D, of which $248 million has been added to the cost of R & D.
2) Interest charges have increased by 173 million yuan over the same period in 2017, as a result of rising market interest rates and higher interest-bearing debt. 3) Spending on new health-care catalogues and assistive medicines has led to a decline of about 30 per cent in the profits of the calf ' s haemoglobin.
4. The Chen City Hospital is expected to recover in the second half of the year as a result of a reduction in the number of daily patients due to the impact of the jci certification. Intra-firm growth has been strong, with Chongqing, Jiangsuvan, and gland core assets maintaining performance growth of more than 30%.
Medicines: Cattle blood drops by about 30%, new varieties like non-Bustores drive high income growth, R & D investment increases further, and profits are less affected by R & D costs.
The cost of research and development in the pharmaceutical industry is RMB 59,589,000, an increase of RMB 23,097,300,000, an increase of 63.29 per cent over the same period in 2017. As a result, profits have increased at a lower rate.
A steady growth, a slight decline in the pre-reedier dry milk, and a high increase in other oral varieties. Jinzhou is largely affected by the spread of the calf ' s haemoglobin, but by the growth of its income, but limited by the use of assistive drugs, sales are expected to decline significantly, leading to a fall in profits.
▪ More than a dozen raw-material drugs have been certified by the national health authorities, such as the United States of America, the European Union, the Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare and the German Health Service, and one oral solid-agent production line, three injections, five raw-material drugs have been certified by WHO-pq, and one oral solid for Chongqing.
Production lines for formulations were certified by Health Canada and the United States of America with fda certification, and multi-agent products were implemented in 240 projects, including new medicines, imitations, bio-like drugs and conformity evaluation, of which: small fractions 13, bio-innovation 10, bio-like 17, imitation of international standards
131 drugs, 55 consistency evaluation projects, 2 Chinese medicines, 12 external introduction projects: a total of 2 generic pharmaceutical products from glandpharma were publicly approved by the United States of America during the reporting period: the group ' s ammonium sulfonic acid tablets (slata), the Acephalan herbate (starting), the Afabone
The chemical ol tablets (celebratory) are evaluated by imitation of pharmaceutical consistency. Medical services: influenced by jci certification, the profit from the Jin City hospital has fallen by 24.28%, and we believe that the next half of the year will be significantly improved, leading to an upswing in the health service plate.
▪ Medical services have achieved a total income of RMB 1.2,065.3 million, an increase over the same period in 2017.                                                                                                     1
The operational layout of two level-III (tri-a) hospitals has basically been developed, leading and supporting the development of three level-II hospitals:
A total of 3,818 beds have been approved for sick hospitals, the Guangji Hospital, the Benegi Hospital and the Chuhai Zencheng Hospital.
The health apparatus and diagnosis: sisram is growing rapidly, da Vinci's robotic surgery is increasing by 24% on average, and the subsidiary cisram is continuing to accelerate the opening of global markets and focus on emerging markets.
(a) Step up the development of new products, particularly medical devices, with product lines expanding to the clinical field;
Two products were approved by the U.S. fda. ▪ In the first half of 2018, Hpv saw an increase of 29.9 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and t-spot reagent box revenue increased by 19.1 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
The number of “Da Vinci Surgery Robots” continued to grow rapidly, with more than 15,000 surgeries in mainland China and Hong Kong, an increase of about 24 per cent; the number of “Da Vinci Surgery Robots” devices sold during the reporting period fell in proportion to the expected delay in the equipment quota.
Medical distribution and retailing: the performance of the National Drug Control Unit has reversed and it is expected that the equipment business will continue to be consolidated in the second half of the year, with the combined National Drug Control Unit achieving operating income of RMB 147,486 million in the first half of 2018, an increase of 7.05 per cent, a decrease of 0.12 per cent and a decrease of 3.11 per cent over the same period.
The distribution network has covered 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government of China; its direct clientele have reached 15,118 (only secondary hospitals, including the largest level III hospitals), 130,893 small-scale terminal clients (including primary medical institutions, etc.) and 95,971 retail pharmacies.
During the reporting period, the National Drug Control Service achieved RMB 139,926 million in revenues, an increase of 6.25 per cent over the same period in 2017. Meanwhile, the National Drug Control Fund retailing business continued to grow, the network of newspapers expanded further, and by the end of the reporting period, shops covered 19 provinces, municipalities and self-governments throughout the country.
There are 4,004 retail pharmacies, of which 2,965 are in direct business and 1,039 gland are in allied stores: more than 35 per cent increase in earnings, 74.5 per cent increase in regulated market revenues, a steady increase in doda, and a steady increase in import registration to enrich domestic products.
▪ Business income achieved during the reporting period increased by 36.42 per cent over the same period in 2017 and net profit by 35.45 per cent over the same period in 2017 (based on glandpharma financial statements, excluding assessment of the impact of value-added amortization); glandpharma's sales revenue increased by 74.47 per cent over the same period in 2017
The long-motivating factors are derived mainly from income from major products such as vancumicillin, sodium hepatocin, net Capofine and newly marketed ketamine triol.  During the reporting period, four formulation production sites in glandpharma were accepted in three feedstock pharmaceutical production sites.
Audit/certification of pharmaceutical regulations in the United States, Europe, Brazil, etc., and all of them were successfully adopted. Register of Injection Imports: Reliance on gland’s rich product lines to speed up the import of core products, such as Vancusin, datocin, Capofin, purple filamentol, cathedral, Oshalicon and Andansjon.
Research and development: Biopharmaceuticals, Small Molecular Innovations and Convergence Evaluations further increased inputs, core products moved to biopharmaceuticals: 9 products (including 4 bioinnovants), 13 adaptives in China, clinical trials approved on mainland China, 2 mono-resistant products, 1 combination therapy clinically tested on mainland China
Application accepted: all three products (all bioinnovatives) were clinically tested in the United States and Taiwan: one product (bioinnovatives) was approved in Australia for clinical trials.
In the first six months of the year, three have adopted a consistency assessment and four to five are expected to do so in the second half of the year.
Financial aspects: good cash flows, significant increases in financial costs, and an increase in early inputs, resulting in a reduction of approximately 47 million in the benefits to the joint venture. ▪ Subject to factors such as the increase in market interest rates and interest-bearing debt, interest costs for the group during the reporting period
This represents an increase of RMB 17.3448.8 million over the same period in 2017; cash flows from operating activities have continued to increase; cash flows from operating activities in the first half of 2018; and the establishment of joint ventures such as Restar Kate, Intuitive Retrostar, etc., are in the early stages of investment: participation in equity investments.
Other early projects, such as micro-medicines, continue to suffer from operating losses as a result of the above-mentioned factors. During the reporting period, joint ventures earned 4662.02 million yuan less than during the same period in 2017, a decline of 6.18% compared to the same period in 2017.
▪ 1. We believe that companies have long proven their capabilities on the basis of business operations. Whether it is based on integration after M & As, on increasing the synergy and strength of the entire medical community, or on sustained R & D investment in long-term thinking about the trend towards industrial development, companies have proven their excellence in the pharmaceutical industry at different levels.
The company has the genes to grow into an international first-class pharmaceutical company. In contrast to the global pharmaceutical industry, China has not yet emerged as a leading pharmaceutical company in the international arena, which is incompatible with China’s overall national power.
1) First, the company ' s long-term and efficient R & D investment to drive innovation. In the context of the global biologics & biosimilar rapid development, the company, after many years of operation, has built a solid product line and became the leader of the country ' s biosimilar, with a layout.
Bio-innovation medicines with autonomous intellectual property rights, which create a system of independent research and development and production, lead to the booming development of Chinese bio-pharmaceuticals and are expected to take their place on the international market.) Second, companies are born with genes that become bigpharma.
To become a top-class global pharmaceutical company, it must have the capacity to screen and integrate projects based on the direction of industrial development, and to build up an excellent M & As team from the start.
China has recently joined the Ich, China's entire drug approval system, health insurance payments, etc., to international interface, and the Chinese market has become more comfortable with international resources!
Third, an excellent management team and talent-selection development system. Starting in 16 years, rein Xinxing was the president of the former Jiangsuwan State, Wu Yi Fung, who started selling and built the country, which was different from the previous president's investment in the long term.
They believe that the re-star medicine is more industrially managed, based on deep integration of the re-star medicine, optimized resource allocation, and more efficient operations. 3, from the point of view of R & D, the company has proven itself to be a leader in the big molecule bio-pharmaceuticals, with a small share.
Innovative medicines and consistency assessments continue to make breakthroughs. 1) Bio-like drugs for cd20 targets, the first biological drug to be introduced in China as a biosimilar, have submitted cfda rolling applications and are expected to make a breakthrough in the course of the year;
2) The three-stage clinical progress of biologically similar drugs for her 2 target points is steady and it is expected that core data will be available and production declared in the second half of 18 years. 3) As the domestic process of declaration and registration of cell therapy is clear, the company is expected to be in the first half of 18 years.
Completing the clinical declaration of cd19car-t. 4) Reorganizing insulin for humans, recombining glyclin, restructuring three stages of clinical progress in Lycón, and it is expected that key data will be available in the course of the year.
5) Innovative biopharmaceuticals: Synchronized clinical work in Taiwan, the United States, and the United States on targets of vegfr2, egfr, pd-1. 6) Small molecular innovators: Vangrams, injections of fn-1501, fcn-437c glue
The M&As are below expectations, and the M&As are below expectations. The M&As have proven their excellence in M&As, but there is uncertainty about M&As for each M&A.
▪ New products have been approved less than expected: drug approvals in the country have accelerated considerably since the drug review reform, but there are still uncertainties about approvals for specific varieties.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment