Recommended (for the first time) pharmaceutical organisms R & D inputs affect perceived profits. The company realized a business start in the first half of 2017.
With 11,859 million yuan, an increase of 41.97 per cent over the same period; with steady growth following the elimination of the influence of new M&As, net profits have been affected by increased R&D inputs from companies, resulting in good business developments.
Medicines cover six major areas of disease, resulting in a better product layout, and during the reporting period, core products such as non-bubbles, pythroid calcium tablets, thiomers of pyrelic acid, and reductive glycerine series continued to grow at a faster pace.
During the reporting period, the company ' s medical services section achieved a revenue of $1,201 million, a decrease of 24.28 per cent over the same period. The decrease in profits is expected to be mainly affected by certification-related matters, with a profit profile for the second half of the year.
During the reporting period, the company ' s medical plate collected $1.688 billion, an increase of 9.23 per cent over the same period. Of this, Hpv ' s income from diagnostic reagents increased by 29.9 per cent over the same period of the previous year; t-spot reagent box revenue increased by 19.1 per cent over the same period of the previous year;
Finch's surgical robotics have grown by about 24%, and the equipment sales counters have fallen by the same year because the equipment quota has been delayed more than expected. Overseas earnings have increased.
Purchases by pharma, breas and tridempharma.
Research and development (R & D) investment continues to grow and is progressing well. In the first half of the year, companies invested a total of 1,188 million yuan in R & D, an increase of 89.82 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, sulfonic acid sulfonic tablets, acetic platinum tablets and alfa skeletal ol tablets were evaluated through generic pharmaceutical consistency; two generic pharmaceutical products from glandpharma were approved by the U.S. fda on the market; and the development of anti-prophylaxis was well under way.
Five products, her2 and others, have entered clinical iii, and the Ledochrome anti-injection fluid has been declared for production and included in the priority review and is expected to be approved by the end of the year.
In the six months following the report, the value of the securities relative to the depth of 300 indexes has increased or dropped. The report is made by Chinese securities, which are used only by customers of Chinese securities.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.