Respiratory Medicine (600196) Medicine Organisms Robust growth, R & D costs and interest growth affecting performance
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, generating operating income of 11,86 billion yuan, an increase of 42.0 per cent over the same period; the net return profit of 1.56 billion yuan, a decrease of 7.6 per cent over the same period; the net profit of $1.20 billion for non-repatriation, a steady growth in the company ' s internal life, and growth in the cost of R&D and interest, which affected performance.
In addition to the new M&As, the company ' s operating income has risen significantly, and even after the elimination of new M&As in 2017, the B.D. 's operating income has increased by 23.4 per cent on the same calibre, mainly due to increases in R&D fees and interest rates.
The Division has introduced new technologies through joint ventures, and the joint R & D division, represented by Re-Start and Intuitive Stars, is at an early stage of input, while profit-contribution major national drug-control shares in joint ventures have slowed their profits, resulting in a similar decrease of $50 million (-6.18 per cent) in the returns of joint companies during the reporting period.
Interest on debt is an important factor in the Division’s performance. Companies’ interest costs increased by $170 million over the reporting period as a result of increased market interest rates and interest-bearing debt.
In China, co-therapy applications were received for clinical trials: three products were approved for clinical trials in the United States and Taiwan: one product was approved for clinical trials in Australia.
It is expected to be approved before the end of 2018 to achieve a breakthrough in the national production of a single antibiotic equivalent. With the clinical iii phase of the iii resistance, the antivegfr2 anti-epfr, anti-pd-1 antibiotic equivalents, the company has built up a very deep-scale bioinnovation phase.
Continued push is expected to boost corporate valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Overseas interests, reproven strength of biopharmaceutical development (2018-06-22)
The negative impact of the decline in the performance of the country's medicines Resembly Medicines (600196): rapid growth in R & D inputs, re-validation of corporate innovation properties (2018-03-27)
Intensity R & D promotes product innovation (2017-08-30) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for, or for, specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.