The performance was in line with expectations, with high innovation in the year of abundance on 19 January, when the company released its fast-track performance report for 2017, yielding income of $50.1 billion, an increase of 2.4 per cent over the year, and a net profit of $22.2 billion to the mother, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the year.
The national electricity grid, Chongqing City power company and Chongqing Yanghing power company signed a cooperation agreement to form a new electricity distribution company. The national electricity grid, Chongqing City, Xinjiang, Yangjiang power, as the central stakeholders in electricity transformation, will be reduced significantly.
Low coordination costs to accelerate the promotion of Chongqing Long-Hing, Polylong Power, Wujiang Power, Three Gorge Water 1. "The only hydroelectric tap in the world, solid moat support, "four-net integration", which will effectively expand vertical operations in the distribution and distribution of electricity.
In 2017, Utungde, White Crane Beach, under the banner of the Great Shareholder Tri-Fought Group, Utundde and White Crane Beach were in the construction phase of the main project, with a total installed capacity of 26.2 million kilowatts.
Utunde and White Crane Beach are expected to generate their first fleets in 2020/2011 and to produce their entire fleet in 2021/2022, bringing power to the Yangtze River. The company’s performance has been boosted by an increase in the acquisition of Kawakawa Clouds.
Hundreds of millions of dollars are injected into the dam power station. The river, which installed the dam power station as a whole, amounts to 2,026,000 kilowatts. In 2016, Kawakami contributed 49/46% of the Yangtze electricity, widening the mounds in the Yangtze basin.
The company is the world ' s largest water and electricity company, with a solid moat, the Yangtze river basin ladders, combined to enhance profitability, and a sustained cash flow over a very long period of operation, with low-risk high-visibility ratings focused on investor returns.
There is a risk of excessive and profitable fluctuations in the amount of water coming to and from the climate, the hours of hydropower use, the marginal contribution of hydropower, the size of the construction of the Utund, the White Crane Beach hydroelectric plant, and the risk of less progress than expected in the construction of the electricity grid and the direct trading down of the price of electricity.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment