This week's industry perspective: the introduction of power side and power side price reduction policies, the promotion of electricity consumption and a steady rebound in the performance of electricity companies, the impact of normality on the United States tax system, and the reduction of secondary sector growth in electricity demand. As a result, we expect the country to use electricity in 2018.
On 5 February and 5 February, a report on the government's work in 2018 was published. The government's report states that “the cost of electricity grid charges and transmissions will be reduced, and the general research assistant will be able to do so.
The price of electricity in business has been reduced by an average of 10%.” This price reduction policy, which mainly targets the side of transmission and use (mainly the general side of electricity), is considered to be less likely to involve the side of electricity generation. In 2017, the price of electricity and coal, measured by the coal-connection mechanism, has reached the conditions that triggered coal-connection.
Both demand and price reduction requirements exist, which has reduced the likelihood of coal interconnection this year.3 The government ' s report highlights the 10% average price reduction for average business users. Electricity users are divided into household electricity, general business and other electricity, large industry electricity, and agricultural production. Currently, users enjoy low prices, businesses are actively involved in the electricity market, large industry.
[Excellent push] is a weekly product of the industry, with policy foresight, electricity prices falling significantly, so electricity prices are at a higher level (0.8-0.9 yuan/kWh) and use about 13-14% of the electricity consumed by society as a whole. Market hot spots, industry depths are dug together and pursued.
According to our calculations, average business uses about 800 billion kilowatt-hours a year, and investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. If average business prices are reduced by 10%, average business costs are reduced by about $60-70 billion a year.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best of the companies, with one to two shares per period. Weekly updates, if shares are not recommended, as described above, include lower side-to-side prices for future transmissions, lower side-to-side prices for power generation, higher power consumption and higher performance of power companies.
As coal prices ease, power side hours increase, and so on, the performance of the power generation companies will rebound.
They think these stock movements are going to be a significant victory over the market.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City: Yangtze Power (6009000.sh) Yangtze Power (60090.sh) ($16.70 for 2018-3-12)
According to the company’s 2017 performance flash announcement, the company made more profits than we expected in 2017. The company achieved operating revenues of $50.124 billion, an increase of 2.42% in the same year; total profits of $26.652 billion, an increase of 5.95% in the same year; and electricity generation and revenue fluctuations in the 3rd, 4th Bank Union Iron Equator.
The number of hours spent on power plants remained largely stable in 2009-2015. In 2016-2017, the company achieved a steady increase in the average hourly rate of the four fleets by conducting a combined schedule of elevator stations. In particular, in 2017, the number of hours used was significantly higher than in 2016, and the amount of electricity generated by the company was re-innovated.
The company’s main business is hydroelectric power, with a single and heavily dependent business structure. The company has gradually expanded its distribution, distribution, and investment in overseas projects along the “swipe” route, facilitating the generation of electricity and tracking reports on the Yangtze Power (6009000.sh): the growth of power generation innovation and the value of hydropower tap investment has been highlighted in 2018.01.26.
Ma, Research Assistant, Master of Science, University of Qinghua, July 2016, Concorde Securities Research and Development Centre, which is currently engaged in research into energy chemicals. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Suda Securities”) has the qualifications for a portfolio of portfolio investment approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
The securities issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, and no special notice may be issued in respect of the credit securities.