In a report released on the first-time coverage of Ramsy Technologies, we believe that this year the smartphone industry has moved down from the beginning of the year on a seasonal basis, driving the public.
In the short term, corporate fundamentals improved from the third quarter in the fourth quarter of 2021, and in the medium to long term, the vertical and deep layout of the company's smartphone supply chain and the dividends of the new energy-generating automobile industry are expected to lead to an increase in corporate performance from 2022.
The short-term investment strategy is a fast-appraising product of the international research in Pulse and aims to provide investors with a high degree of certainty about short-term transactions. We try to capture short-term event drivers and market drivers.
The trading opportunities may not match or match our long-term 12-month fundamentals. So, the product is used only to provide short-term technology investment ideas and recommendations, and they will close the offer.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.