LeanthsTechnology (300433) Cost growth and negative industry cycles have led to a negative growth climate, with new lines of business and emerging areas laid out as the dawn of growth in the coming year: the company released its third-quarter performance report on the evening of 25 October 2021.
From a one-quarter perspective, operating income of 12.35 billion yuan was achieved in the third quarter, representing an increase of 19.21 per cent over the same period, a net return of 989 million yuan to the mother, a decrease of 34.97 per cent over the same period, and a decline in performance in the non-mortality of q3 for the first quarter was a combination of many industry-level factors and the company ' s own expansion.
The Division's performance in the third quarter was somewhat lower than it had been in the past year, and frankly it was less than expected in the market, but from an industry perspective, owing to the rebound of global markets from the early part of the epidemic and the overbooking of chips in the second half of last year, it actually went all the way after the second quarter of this year.
The volume of output has been in a downward feedback cycle, and the industry background is this year's total equity/flow (million shares) demand has had an impact on the company's forward operations, but the lower half of q3 is accompanied by apple size.
At the end of the demand, we divide the Andre family into two pieces of fruit chain: the Andre system is missing in China, the creation of the Lanthys Technology (300433), the burning industry is low.
In the context of the epidemic, the lack of cores, the dichotomy between the end of consumption and the end of supply, the steady uplifting of the response, in the context of the new deficiencies, has had a greater impact than in previous years, and the overall performance has been relatively low. The fruit chain was supplied in the first three quarters.
The end-of-month chain of consequences has returned to normal and is expected to go beyond previous years, four seasons.
-2021/04/28 Postponed, so about three quarters is one of the lowest expected profits of the current time, LanceTech (300433) " Strong Core Capabilities "
The following seasons of growth will gradually return to normal, and the main camp will grow on merit, with a big strategy for the next three years, and, objectively, these dominoes, without an outbreak, a lack of core, a list of Chinese entities, and so on.
Dominoes change, and the overall negative volatility of the consumer electronics industry this year may not necessarily be so large. Although these problems cannot be solved directly in the short term, the supply chain has its own integration and digestive elasticity to any problem. From last week, the United States Department of Commerce approved United States suppliers to China.
In the light of the movement of applications for international exports of more than $100 billion in total, China and the United States will also be able to slow down in the short term, and we believe that the industry is expected to expand along a relatively b. multi-business line and multi-product line, which is the main source of significant cost increases.
At the cost end, we note that the higher growth of the company in the third quarter is the main cause of the fall in profits in the third quarter, especially management costs, which are nearly 800 million more than last year, sales and research and development costs, negative growth winds from negative industry cycles, new lines of business and emerging areas.
The costs have increased by nearly 300 million. After the company data was sent, many institutional contributors focused their discussions on these costs. Objectively, the significant increase in these costs is also due to the supply chain perspective, where companies this year came from the traditional single terminal glass.
Classes of business, derived from areas such as smart terminal assembly, advanced metal structure programming (acquisition of relevant assets such as profitable, etc.): from the point of view of product lines, companies have opened new new energy vehicles, window glass, and new energy photovoltaic glass. In these new plans, new battles.
In the direction of the Rhodes, the company has significantly increased its financial and resource investment, building new parks, recruiting new staff and managerial talent, laying out new processes and technologies, and thus raising costs significantly.
Moreover, after the start of the q3 apples, Lance's share in the supply of a customer continued to grow rapidly due to the difficulty of product production and process upgrading, which has had a considerable impact on the company's input into recruitment, materials and production, which will actually be available in q4 and the next q1 in 2022.
Looking to turn into incremental profits, these should not be ignored. The layout of the glazing glass and the car window that was opened this year will be the second and third driving force in the cross-border growth of Lance.
In cooperation with LanthyTech in the field of light glass, although the company has yet to disclose the details, we judge that Lance's advantage in the manufacturing of glass in the first and chemical reinforcements in the latter part of the world is actually water-to-water. In the upper end of a new energy vehicle, lightly.
The same is true of the process areas of quantification, electronic glass, and the accumulation of many years of process and business experience in the field of smart terminals in Blues will be able to effectively and quickly translate into a leading guarantee of technology and effectiveness in these areas.
Whether it's a new-energy car window glass, or the thin glass needed for a photovoltaic battery, it's true that it's also developed into a process innovation, a phase of reduced efficiency and increased capacity, and it's a smart strategic choice to cut into these two areas at this point in time. Given the size of the market,
Each of these two areas has hundreds of billions of market capacity, and Lancet’s target market is strong enough to start a new round of scalding growth, which, in time, should be answered. In the market environment, there is a combination of ills such as epidemics, power cuts, ports, trade wars, etc.
As a result, the company's own new lines of business, new product lines are fully opened, and the company's performance in q3 is indeed somewhat constrained, but these are short-term, non-essential issues that will soon be digested and converted. As the company's lines are fully opened, they are in the assembly industry.
The company’s future operations in the field of smart terminals will continue to grow in good terms, with the approval of a number of downstream customers, the rapid start in sales of metal and strong support from key customers. The new energy car glass, which began to be laid out this year, is new.
In the business area, it is expected that the second and third driving growth poles of Lance will be phased in, with cost growth and negative industry cycles leading to negative growth winds, new lines of business and emerging areas, reduced machine capacity, and new machine sales to large clients less than expected; and (2) Andre systems.
Cost increases and negative industry cycles have led to negative growth winds, and new lines of business and emerging areas have been laid out to grow in the coming year.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report