LanthyTechnology (300433) Electronics for Electronic Consumption, in collaboration with China Building Materials Deep Strategy, photovoltaic ultra-glass pan-industrial chain layout, next city!
Today, in Shenzhen City, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Queshen Technology Group Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of the China Building Materials Group Ltd., to create a strategic partnership between the two sides. The announcement states that in the future the company will take full advantage of state-of-the-art technology and industry regulations in the area of glass processing.
Model advantages, state-of-the-art technological advantages of the Kaishin Technology Group in areas such as new photovoltaic materials, promoting in-depth cooperation between the two sides in new energy technologies, materials, equipment, etc.
Strategic co-operation is an important part of the company's strategy for photovoltaics. The Chinese-built Kaishin Technology Group has significant technical advantages in the field of high-end optical glass engineering and equipment in China, and it has been designed or contracted to build hundreds of high-end floating glass and solar-powered photovoltaic glass production lines in high-end countries.
Total equity/flow (million shares)  and China’s export of high-end glass engineering markets are far ahead. Total market value/flow (million yuan)
Lance's strategic collaboration with the Kaishin Technology Group is one of the companies' 12-month-old/minimum in the field of photovoltaic components super thin glass.
LanceTechnology (300433) "Creating a new glazing glass, which in itself is a good way to avoid the risks of Lance's own construction in the field of the forward kiln, making Lance the track, building a strong third growth pole."
A lot of curves can be made in the direction of forward construction and design. The patent and technology of Keysin in areas such as glazing glass -- 2021/11/05 -- will be shared with Lance, which will be able to avoid it in the future.
The cycle brings a backwind of growth, new lines of business and new areas of activity.
The layout is the dawn of growth in the coming year -- 2021/10/26. Second, Ramses is fighting for light-voltage super-glasses below the specifications of 2.0 mm, and the medium building material is the industry’s downfall that has so far been burned in the country by Ramsy Technologies (300433).
So far, the only company with a 1.6-mm-sized optical glass kiln line with a mass supply capability with a steady and uplifting response -- 2021/08/22. Cooperation with the Chinese building material Kaishin will enable Lance to start in the field of super-lighted glass.
Not to lose any other traditional glass manufacturer, but also to have a subsequent advantage. When Lance announced the formation of its subsidiary, Hunan Lanth New Energy Co. Ltd., some investors thought that it was too late to enter the glazing glass market.
Lack of understanding. As we made clear in our previous in-depth report, Lince's future entry of 1.6 mm or 1.2 mm of super thin glazing glass is mainly directed at the two sides of a two-bolith or a two-bolith. There are currently very few domestic players, but it's a very important future of high-efficiency photovoltaic batteries.
Third, the kiln will take almost a year from construction to bulk production, where the Kaiser Group will supply Ramsey with materials such as photovoltaic glass, and will be given priority.
At the most advantageous prices, and with the support of specialized technical training and expertise, we can fully cooperate with China's deep-cut material strategy, with a light-spoiled pan-industrial chain layout and a city to follow, and guarantee that Lance will be able to get his way before the pre-Killet industry chain layout is complete.
The best foregone advantage of the industry, followed by the firm's powerful processes and techniques in the latter sector, delivers a thin glass with sufficient performance and price advantages for downstream component manufacturers, and fourthly, the cooperation agreement clearly states that cooperation with the Kaishin Group will cut across resource selection.
With the support of the Kaishin Group, technology in the field of consumer electronics in Lanth is expected to be fully replicated in the light-volatile, thin glass sector.
The technological build-up and cost advantage in micro-technology areas such as ultra-light, hyperbolic, and high-hardness are not comparable to that of traditional producers. The company is expected to be the driving force of the super thin, photovoltaic glass, which is very heavy in the two-bob sphere, and not just an ordinary participant, which is what we see in Lance.
Strategic collaboration with Chinese materials will also be an important safeguard or quill in other material front road areas of the company.
The likelihood of other suppliers being choked will be reduced significantly. The process will be either pressurized, deferred or floated on the back end of the kiln, but only a practical option, such as high-end light electronization in the company ' s future, and large-scale vehicle use of glass (e.g. side windows, silos, skyscreens, etc.) will gradually increase in size, sooner or later.
There is the possibility of facing such a situation, and this collaboration has laid important quills for healthy development over the next few years. Next year, the fruit chain will be a clear year, and the company’s very strong growth assumptions will be further strengthened.
During the year, Apple decided to raise the volume of iphones in the first half of 2022 by 30%, to 170 million pieces, 30% higher than the 130 million in 2021, and notified the major zero-component suppliers of this decision, which will challenge 300 million targets throughout the year.
Sapphire, ceramic core suppliers will fully enjoy the dividends of this scale growth, and next year, in addition to the growth of traditional business, the contribution of the state of Lanstyre, which can be fully replaced by a framer in mobile phones, can be seen on the metal side: through industry research, we see that the state of Lanstyre is in Thailand.
The share of aluminum apple alloys in the frame is expected to grow further from about 20% this year to 30%, the continued growth of cellular metal delivery specifications, and the unique share of new cheap machines in the metal frame in the first half of next year. This is an important support for this conclusion.
Next year’s growth will be an important sign of growth and growth. The important realization and landing of a photovoltaic strategy will be the new energy source of the previous configuration.
For two of the company’s new and emerging paths beyond consumer electronics over the next 10 years, Lance actually opened his consumer electronic ceiling by using his own technological innovation, his accumulation of technological reserves, and his unique understanding and sedimentation of glass as a material product, ahead of the industry and his competitors.
With China’s deep-seated material strategy, the landscape of the photovoltaic super-glassed whole-sector chain will be followed by a city that will seize the opportunity of development in the new energy sector. When it succeeds, we will be able to determine that Ramses will hold on to emerging areas like the photo-silver.
The rapid push, followed by orders landing in size and magnitude, is very much to be expected, maintaining the company’s capacity to buy fewer machines and selling new ones to large clients less than expected; (2) Andre is a lower-than-expected rate of lubricants. (4) The company’s new energy sector, vehicle-borne or photovoltaic glass, is not moving as fast as expected.
In cooperation with the China-building materials depth strategy, the photovoltage super-glass pan-industrial chain layout, the city next, the China-building material depth strategy, the photo-fibre glass pan-industrial chain layout, the city next, the institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.