In the first three quarters, there was a 108% increase in profits.
Rapid growth, rapid expansion of distributed operations, accelerated promotion of new technologies for integrated production capacity and batteries, with a 108% increase in profitability in the first three quarters: the company published three-quarter reports in 2022, the first three quarters realized a non-profit gain of $1.09 billion, a 180.68% increase in the same year, and a 65.22% increase in the ring.
Profitability has remained robust and operating cash flows have improved significantly: in the first three quarters, corporate combined Māori rates have remained stable, with Māori rates falling slightly between 0.12 percentage points and 13.45 per cent over the same period. In the previous three quarters, corporate net cash flows of RMB 3,955 million were positive and operating cash flows improved significantly.
High growth in sales of photovoltaic components and rapid expansion of distributed operations: At the beginning of the year, companies have seized the opportunity of market development, continued to exploit the advantages of global brands and channels, and achieved rapid growth in the operation of photovoltaic products.
At the same time, corporate-distributed smart energy is growing rapidly in all its types of business, and the volume of goods and sales continues to grow rapidly. Integrated production can accelerate release, and new full-scale battery technology will be deployed: a company announcement will be issued in June.
Qinghai built a zero-carbon industrial park, one scheduled to be completed by the end of 2023 and two planned for 2025. With regard to new technologies, the company built a 210 mm large topcon medium-scale test line, the average output efficiency of the pond exceeded 24.7%, and the 8gwtopcon battery project is expected to be phased out in the second half of the year.
The construction of the Hjt Battery Laboratory is nearing completion, starting in September 2022, with the development of Hjt technologies for the next 3-5 years.
Policies have fallen short of expectations; the cost of raw materials has fallen short of expectations; price competition has exceeded expectations; international trade.
New Technologies 2020430 " Trina Energy: Good Profiting of Components, Distributed Rapid Releases " Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations