q3 Performance exceeded expectations, n-topcon batteries+distribution ready, reserve capacity + mine 3 performance exceeded expectations on November 2022, cash flow improved
q3 single-quarter net operating cash flows of 2,410 million, compared to 429 million during the same period last year, and the improvement in cash flows is mainly due to the high demand for light voltage and the rising volume of products. The photovoltage industry has a high climate, the centralized photovoltaic power plant is expected to become a new growth point, and the photovolt industry as a whole is in a high state of rapid development and demand.
In the first three quarters of 2022, China ' s light voltage added grid capacity reached 52.6gw, the same year +105.8%, of which 17.27gw, the same year +88.8% were added to the grid. With the expected delivery of the lower price of silicon, the global light voltage plant is expected to be rerun in conjunction with the landing of China ' s ground power station and the US-ira bill.
According to the Infolink data, the share of company components reached 15% in the first half of the year, rising to the second highest level in the industry. The output of components in the first three quarters, 28.79gw, q1/q2/q3, remained stable at single-watt prices and single-watt profits, while raw material price increases were largely transmitted downstream.
37.5%/20.0.10%/29.7% Global balanced layout helps companies to reap the clean energy dividend of major economies and avoid regional policy risks. n-topcon+ large-size routes, with steady growth in productivity release, companies actively converge towards the n-topcon route, with 8gwn-topcon battery production officially reaching production in the second half of the year; and companies actively promote 210-based technologies.
Since entering q3, companies have strengthened the supply chain of raw materials and signed a charter with the South Bob Group to purchase about 70,000 tons of silicon in 2023-2026, while continuing to consolidate the integrated production capacity. The silicon stick chain, which is to be released to transfer the amount of $8.9 billion worth of silicon 35gwn production capacity, and the battery and assembly chain, which has signed an agreement with the Xiaoyan Zone.
It is proposed to invest $6 billion in the construction of 15gw batteries and 15gw components. In addition, in June this year, the Xining production energy layout was announced (a yearly production of 300,000 tons of industrial silicone, 150,000 tons of high-purity multi-crystal silicon, 35gw single crystal silicon, 10gw slices, 10gw batteries, 10gw components, 15gw components, and all of the N-type routes).
During the reporting period, company-distributed smart energy operations grew rapidly, with home-based photovoltaic systems leading to a major increase. H1 and q3 quarter home-based photovoltaic systems yielding no more than 1.6gw and 1.0~1.1gw. As downstream demand rises, company-distributed smart energy operations are expected to continue to grow at a higher rate and improve profitability.
On the new technology reserve, the company now owns a test line in the ht component, leading to the full certification of the 210hjt component; rolls out the bipv product and expands the application of the product to a new and intelligent energy field; and the new generation of silicon/crystal silicons are already 29.2% efficient.
The demand for photovoltaic power has continued to rise, and the photovoltaic industry has maintained a high climate. Companies have continued to strengthen their photovoltage integration patterns, with n-topcon productive capacity releasing robust energy; and are actively engaged in the introduction of photovoltaic systems and storage services, building on the advantages of the dominant industry, with a potential for improved profitability. We predict that companies will return to their net profit share in 2022-2024. Global economic patterns have declined and wind markets have expanded less than expected; domestic photovoltaic policies have changed; corporate production is less rapid than expected; exchange rates and raw materials prices are less favourable.
Figure 1 shows a sustained high growth in corporate revenue (millions of yuan) and figure 220 begins with a rapid increase in net corporate returns (billions)
Figure 321q3 Starts the quarterly growth in corporate revenue (millions of yuan) Figure 422q3 shows a significant increase in net parent interest (billions) Figure 5 increases in corporate cost control capacity and a steady recovery in net interest rates
Figure 6. Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates are stable for nearly six quarters. Figure 7 Forecasts of additional photovoltaics worldwide (gw) Figure 8 Forecasts of additional photovoltaics in China (gw)
Figure 9 Global light voltage new loader structure (gw) Figure 10 China light voltage new loader structure (gw) Financial statements and financial indicators (millions of dollars)
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and cycles, and has developed a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle” in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry flourishes, and the people have faith, and if not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report belong to China Securities.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.