Increased integration layout, power-n battery track 58,198 million yuan (+86.15 per cent) on November 01, 2022, and net profit to the mother of 2,402 million yuan.
In June 2022, it is proposed to invest 300,000 tons of industrial silicon per year, 150,000 tons of high pure polysilicon per year, 35gw single crystal silicon per year, 10gw slices per year, 10gw batteries per year, 10gw components per year and 15gw groups in the Xining Economic Technology Development Area.
This expansion will further enhance the company’s competitive position in the next generation of n-type battery technology industries and optimize the overall layout of the industrial chain up and down; in September, the company issued a transferable to raise funds to be used for the Xining 35gw straight-line single-crystal project, which will complement the production capacity of the company’s n-type components.
Dun Youngkang invested in 15gw high-efficiency batteries and 15gw high-power components in the Huaian Economic Technology Development Area, with a total investment of about RMB 6 billion in the project, which further strengthened the company ' s high-efficiency batteries and power.
Kwok Yingzheng's advanced production capacity accelerates the release and insists on technological advances to promote industrial upgrading.
With regard to batteries, the company ' s n-i-topcon product efficiency and excellence were industry leaders, with a high production rate of 25 per cent, and in April 2022, the company ' s housing 8gwtopcon battery project was officially launched as a research assistant.
On the component side, the most recent product, SkyChannel, is superpowered with a combination of silicon silicon pieces 210 mm dimensions, high-density encapsulation, multi-frontier (mb) and other forward-looking and innovative technologies, and
With regard to the core, the company is currently working on the development of long-lived core technology, which has now been completed with 150ah storage core performance upgrades, a sample of which is currently being tested.
In the case of pcs, the company has completed the production of the entire series of pcs with a maximum power capacity of 1,500 v single-power 2000kw, with fast power control and rapid grid demand responsiveness, network control features, and support for the safe and stable operation of the grid.
1. Trina (688599.sh): 2022 semi-annual report High market performance. From a foreign perspective, geopolitical factors have exacerbated the energy crisis, electricity prices have continued to rise, ratings: performance has increased significantly, and integration has become more competitive.
Domestically, because of the rapid rise in the distribution of light voltage, and because of the need for grid security, multi-provincial cities have introduced a policy of light-voltage storage.
Trina (688599): Large-sized components continue to lead, 4. Trina (688599): high output, active expansion of methods and analytical logic leading to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.