As of 22 q1, the growth rate was 2.2 pcct, and the growth rate was 2.2 pcct.
\triangleright net profit return is influenced by a higher 21q1 base at the same rate of increase, with the ring falling by 8.5 pct, but still maintaining good water level.
A narrow degree of trade-off has driven up net interest income by scale expansion; growth in the boom has been reversed in an environment of a comparable rate of increase in net fees and fees; the performance pull effects of strategic layouts such as large wealth management, comptoirs and investment banks have been continuously released; and other non-interest income increases have declined more markedly.
In terms of net profit contribution factors, the trend towards marginal upwards since the spread of the expansion into 21h1 has continued, with total assets increasing by 10.4 per cent over the years as at 22q1 and the ring ratio +1.4 pct; a small decline in the level of profit from the provision of counter-breeding; and a narrow drop in net interest differentials.
Credit offers are expected to support performance throughout the year. As of 22 q1, the loan balance is equal to the \triangleright amount, reflecting sufficient project reserves and high demand.
A new strategy, New Year's Lead, 2. The Bank of Hing (601166) company event review: the one-season differential in the core bone is down and is expected to remain stable. 22q1 one-season calculation of the net rate difference ring ratio -8bp.
Principally affected by the decline in interest-bearing asset yield (calculation) by 14bp, as of 22 q1, lending was similar to that of the booming banks: performance up and asset quality was better than total asset 0.5 pct, and despite the narrow gap, with retail credit booming, capital
At the end of the debt, the cost ratio ratio of interest-bearing liabilities is 6 bp. Under strategic layouts such as wealth management, comptoirs + bankers, low-cost debt deposition is expected to consolidate the downward trend in costs.
As of the beginning of the year, the negative rate was the same as at the beginning of the year. 8bp, focus on \triangleright.
The coverage is slightly higher than at the beginning of the year, and there is still plenty of room for anti-breeding profits. Investment proposal: strong credit investment, bright growth in middle \triangleright
A robust performance growth and a strong strategic transformation effect, leading to an upturn in the growth rate and recovery; a “open door” in credit delivery that is expected to support performance throughout the year; a fall in the single-season netting margin, but a steady improvement as loans enter the season and the cost of the liabilities is better controlled; and a stable level of asset quality, with the impact of the epidemic being higher
Figure 1: Growth in the performance of Episcopal Banks up to 22q1 Figure 5: Episode Banks up to 22q1 assets and loans up to the same rate (%) Figure 7: Episcopal Banks down to 22q1 measuring net interest differentials (single season)
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.