There is a need for greater support to meet the population’s demand for new green smart cars and domestic electricity.
China People’s Express and China’s mobile-signing strategy to apply 5g technology to systematic solutions in cars, roads, and cities. East Wind Technology has issued a reshuffle announcement, which intends to integrate the shareholders’ East Wind spare parts group, and to promote the overall listing of East Wind spare parts.
By 2022, the two sides will be able to form a strategic alliance with a wide range of operations, with commercial and medium-sized pick-up models for the global market. Redding vehicles will be strategically reorganized into the main Sichuan Mustang vehicles and will be formally equipped to produce conventional, commercial and new energy vehicles.
A brand-new logo - Diamond markers, with a new logo that is more high-end and coexists with classics. The new logo is used mainly for more technologically and intelligent high-end vehicles.
41.78 million yuan - 666.8 million dollars.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco.ltd
The company is an absolute leader in the country’s automobile industry, making the entire chain of products, such as the whole chain of cars, spare parts, after-markets, automobile finance, etc. The system of career managers, the company’s entire listing, and so forth have been reformed to re-energize the country’s enterprise.
2. Autonomy rises and joint ventures take a smooth lookout. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc. Autonomous plates rise strong, and mainstream joint ventures such as Volkswagen, Volkswagen and General Mitsubishi are growing steadily, guaranteeing business performance. 3. Parts and components are growing steadily, reaching the top of global parts and components. Parts and components operations are growing steadily, and new energy and intelligence are transforming into new and incremental space for parts and components modules.
Car integrates Jiangsen’s global interior business, and companies’ parts and components are moving toward the global bulk of spare parts. 4. Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the space for service innovation.
We expect the company to grow at every speed from 2018 to 2020, and we maintain the company’s “growth potential” rating. The joint-venture stability guarantees the growth potential of the mature leader of autonomous rises, and the autogroups (6001044), with strong ownership, have a strong focus on stable growth.
Carfine, auto industry research assistant, serving leading car manufacturers such as upper gas group, Gilly automobiles, seven years of strategic research, market research, product planning work, and the incorporation in June 2017 of Sinda securities.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.