The year of the winter, when we've had a great success, we've seen the company return to its mother's net profit of about $36 billion in 2018, an increase of 1.6 billion, a rise in the same proportion.
According to the year-wide performance forecast, the company is expected to lose $7.1 billion in net profits in the fourth quarter, a decline of more than 20 per cent in the same year. In the fourth quarter, the automobile industry has a low sales volume, with higher discounts increasing the company’s performance.
The profits have been positive and the net profits have decreased slightly, mainly as a result of the consolidation of the multiple purchases of small car lights and their easy distribution. Sales have risen and profits have led the industry.
1.75 per cent, with the share of the country's municipalities exceeding 25 per cent (2.08 million vehicles sold in 2018). Thanks to the withdrawal of the acquisition tax concessions and the high base, the market sales are low and the company's ability to make a profit while maintaining a positive growth in its sales is not lost.
The joint brand is still running, and the self-owned brand is growing. The joint brand has a stable capital/flow (million shares) and is expected to have four or eight new cars on the market in 19 years, although by 2019.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) + multiple new energy models, product spectrometry and positioning will be improved, with a year-round potential for loss to gain, upper gas group (6001044).
Increased corporate profit space. Upgraded brand structure, accelerated autonomous branding Investment proposal: robust growth combined with “low valuation + high dividends”, head of configuration in chaos
Long -- 2018/03/30 Institute
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.