In 2018, the upper-air fleet passed 7 million and the new product cycle continued in 2019, with an increase of 26.9 per cent in the upper-air car sales, the upper-air general, the upper-air-based Mitsubishi sales.
(b) Accumulated sales of 7,052,000 vehicles throughout the year, an increase of 1.8 per cent over the same year, and the group's performance in new vehicles such as the new generation Ranjang, Skodak/Kordak/Kork, etc.
In 2019, new cars such as t-cross will be marketed to improve the product lines of the suv, which is expected to produce more results. The general short-term sales load will be high in 2019, and 172,000 will be sold in December.
In 2019, the company will have two new cars, Buick will have two suvs, Chevy will have two suvs and the limo Koruzer, and Cadillac will have three new cars.
In December, 70 million vehicles were sold in cars, a 26.9% increase in the same year, of which 20,000 were sold at the end of October; 20,000 were sold at the end of October.
It is hoped that the new energy will be replaced by new vehicles like mpv, which will be better-placed. The new energy source will show an impressive increase in sales of 96,000 units a year, double the corresponding increase, and phev and ev will be evenly developed. In 2019, the public department will be putting on the market such vehicles as mgzs pure electricity, mghs insulation, and time-to-time rental of pure electricity, and so on.
In the field of intelligent driving, the Emeritus Marvelx will publish functions such as a “last kilometre” of autonomous parking, and the L3 autopilot technology is expected to be a part of the way. In 2019, the volume of sales will continue to be divided, and the lead share is expected to rise.
7.05 million vehicles, 1.8 per cent more than the previous year, are expected to increase the industry by about 5 percentage points. In 2019, sales were under pressure, joint ventures under the company and a new cycle of autonomous brands were renewed, and market shares were expected to be held on the basis of the market price collected on 4 January 2019.
In the long run, companies invest heavily in new energy sources, smart drivers, technology, domestic leadership, and up-to-date odysseys, overseas markets, etc. will also be long-term growth points. Up-bond groups - perform better than industry.
1) Increased competition in the market and declining sales and profit margins; 2) significant increases in the cost of raw materials and labour.
Qualifying for securities investment consulting business Automobile: car-to-car, chart 5.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)