The company issued a performance report, and in 2018 it achieved a net profit of $36 billion attributable to the shareholders of the listed company.
Dollars, 4.6 per cent more than year-on-year; net profit of $32.4 billion less than year-on-year, 1.5 per cent less than year-on-year. Companies sold 705.2 million cars, 1.8 per cent more than year-on-year; however, they were expected to be affected by a decline in sales and increased competition in the industry, resulting in a slight decline in profit margins and a slightly lower than expected performance.
The company is expected to continue to increase its market share as a leader in the industry, with joint ventures and a new cycle of autonomous branding. Given the pressure on the industry, my short-term sales have fallen in terms of performance.
1.8 per cent; net profit from the withdrawal of $32.4 billion from the return of mothers throughout the year, a decline of 1.5 per cent. Four-quarter public stimulus is expected to contribute to the gradual recovery of sales. On January 28, 10 departments, including the UNDP Development and Reform Commission, issued an implementation programme entitled “A step forward in optimizing supply for a smooth growth of consumption for the creation of a strong domestic market” (2019).
The current volume of wholesale sales in the industry is lower than retail sales, and the whole industry is actively taking stock. Domestic holdings are far lower than in developed countries like Europe and the US, and more.
In 2019, the new product cycle was renewed, and the lead share was expected to rise. In 2018, the collective sales increased by the same amount of new cars, and the public had new cars, such as t-cross, and there would also be a lot of brands for new energy vehicles.
In the long run, the public sector has invested heavily in new sources of energy, intelligent driving, and the country is leading the technology, and the uplift is based on the market price of 30 January 2019.
Audi, overseas markets, etc., will also be long-term growth points. 1) Increased market competition, falling sales and profit margins; 2) a continuing escalation of trade conflicts in Central America and the United States.
Upper Steam Group - Performance is up against expectations and outperforming the industry. Upper Steam Group - Growth in Performance, Completion of Product Technology, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations