\Trangleright \Trangleright
The net profit from the deduction of non-recurring gains and losses in the East was approximately $32.4 billion, a decrease of about 1.5 per cent in the same year; total vehicle sales in 2018 amounted to 7.0517 million vehicles, an increase of 1.75 per cent in the same year; the industry as a whole was depressed, with a prominent advantage.
The downside of the economy, the China-United States trade war, and so on, the industry as a whole performed poorly, with sales increasing at a higher rate than the industry in 2018. Shanghai Volkswagen, Shanghai General Motors, Shanghai Market Data: 31 January 2019
The highest/minimum vehicles (in dollars) in all of 2018:
Ten thousand vehicles, 9.65 per cent less than the same year, Shanghai Volkswagen, Shanghai General Motors, Shanghai Motors, Basic Data: September 30, 2018 Cars, Shanghai Commercials, Air General Mitsubishis, Shanghai Schenwor passenger vehicles, Upwards.
The Ivico Red Rock commercial car, the Nanjing Ivico car, and the high-voltage big car accumulated four quarters of a well-developed layout and technology build-up, which is expected to sustain steady growth in 2019. The current trend towards slower growth in the automobile industry has emerged, adding domestic macroeconomic pressures in 2019.
Large, we believe that the sales of cars in 2019 are still under pressure, but structural investment opportunities still exist. First, the company’s industrial chain is well-structured, the type of vehicle is comprehensive, and it can respond quickly to the market; and second, the company’s investment in R & D is far ahead of the industry, and it does.
It is expected that technological innovation and product upgrading will become an inevitable trend in the stock market, as the domestic automobile market moves from the incremental market to the market at ITC-A, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, moves to the 28th floor of the stock market.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. has taken advantage of technology to further expand its leading position and take the lead in achieving the goal of a strong domestic car company; and three are the company's active deployment of new energy cars, smart network cars, mobile travel services.
As the company’s new energy, automobiles, and automobile models are gradually being released, it is expected that the company’s product structure will be further refined and its competitive advantages expanded. Therefore, we believe that the company is expected to maintain steady growth in 2019.
There has been a further expansion of the advantages of intense competition in industry.