Autonomous growth with a strong headline: On January 5, 2019, the upper gas group released its sales performance for December 2018. The company sold 7,051,700 vehicles throughout the year, an increase of 1.75 per cent over the same period.
In 2018, the company sold more than 7 million vehicles a year, making it the country’s first to have more than 7 million vehicles. The car market slowed down, but the company’s sales kept growing, with industry’s best position rising. The company’s market share is expected to exceed 24%, and the industry’s best share is expected to grow by more than 24%.
The auto market is weak, \triangleright, and the company’s autonomous business is growing in reverse. The autonomous board is growing by 34.45% compared to the 34.45% increase, continuing the strong growth trend. The autonomous plate is constantly improving and becoming a public.
Tens of thousands and 2.72 million research assistants, with growth rates of 0.1%, -1.5% and -3.65%, respectively. Multiple heavy-pound vehicles such as New Pasadet, New Path, etc., have been launched to support the growth momentum.
Profit predictions and ratings: Autonomous business continues its strong rise, and joint ventures stabilize escort operations. We expect the company’s share of revenue to be spread separately from 2018 to 2020, and we maintain the company’s “growth” rating.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In Beijing, the 9th House of the City of the West Side, 9th Hall of the City of Mt. was published in a well-known European-American journal, such as Journaloportfoliomanage, journalftrading, which was published in Fung Seong, a research assistant in the automobile industry, served as a well-known car manufacturer in the upper gas group, Gilly, etc., seven years of strategic research, market research, product planning, and joined the Sunda securities in June 2017 for automobiles.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.