\triangleright
q3 and q4 drops by 1.23 and 9.65 per cent, respectively. Over the year, upswing sales grew by 0.1 per cent, upswing sales by 1.5 per cent, upscaling by 3.65 per cent, upswings by 3.45 per cent, upswings by 34.45 per cent, and group sales by a total of 7.051,700 vehicles, we expect. Through a strategic analysis of joint ventures, autonomous branding plants and new car planning under the uppers.
In 2018, the public dropped more than 10 new cars into the powerful product cycle, particularly to boost the delivery of the product in the suv, which will be marketed in the second half of the year and will take a long way to view the market: 2019, small.
Sovt-cross will be on the market and will compete with autonomous brands at the lower and middle end of the market. The main car, Pasart, Ferdinand, Polo, and Ming, will be replaced by a small increase in sales.
Construction will begin in the second phase, which will be used for the production of meb and mqb models. Upwards will be used to boost product cycles. Upwards will be sold down the entire year 2018, but the luxury brand Cadillac will be sold up by 31.8% and the share of high-end vehicles will be raised.
The brand of Chevy, the brand of Buick, and the various models of replacements, are expected to lead the motor vehicle competitiveness up from 2019 to 2020. The number of cars on board is 70.19 million, an increase of 34.45%.
Industry, I marketed in the second half of the year, sold 20,000 vehicles in May. We believe that the success of the upper-air vehicle is inseparable from the development and innovation of the upper-air fleet in new energy vehicles, forward-looking technologies.
We believe that the industry is expected to recover at 2019q3 or q4. The recovery is expected to be ahead of schedule, stimulated by policies to promote automobile consumption in sectors such as the Commission.
The competitiveness of high-end markets and the expansion of autonomous brands in three or four-line cities are expected to lead to a further \triangleright and product competitiveness in the recovery cycle of the industry, and we believe that corporate sales and performance will continue to grow beyond the industry and maintain a “recommended” rating.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have sought to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are for information purposes only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies