Industry highlights: Multi-angled Automobile Services Ecoosphere, more regulated regulation of electric car management.
For enterprises such as lithium ion batteries, positive materials, negative polar materials, diaphragms, electrolytic fluids, etc., the standard conditions for the establishment of production scale, technology etc.
The company signed a cooperation agreement with the Yangjia car, which was made by the Yangjia car workers. The car was configured in close to a thousand sites, with an unwashed car brand - a large box - to provide unwashed car services to users.
Tesla announced that the full-wheel-drive version of the Model3 and the long-duration full-wheel-drive version were open for sale in mainland China at a price of $499,000. Vehicle-type dynamics: 7307 copies were officially marketed at a price of $788,000 to $978,000 between sale areas. 2019 vehicles were officially marketed, new vehicles were provided with four models, and subsidized after sale at $1288,000 to $15.88 million.
The company is an absolute leader in the domestic automobile industry, making the entire chain of cars, spare parts, back-markets, automobile finance, etc.
A series of reforms, such as the system of career managers, the overall listing of businesses, etc., re-energizes state enterprises.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing City City City City City City City City City, where autonomy has risen, joint ventures have risen. The autonomous boards of Yong Wai/mg, Chase, etc., have risen strongly, and mainstream joint ventures such as those of the general public, upper gas and general Mitsubishi have been growing steadily, guaranteeing the stability of business performance.
3 - Parts and components are growing steadily, leading to a global boost in parts and components. Parts and components are growing steadily, and new energy and intelligence are being used to provide new and incremental space for parts and components modules. The fleets integrate the Jiangsen global interior business, and the company ' s parts and components are moving towards the global parts and components giants. 4 - Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the services innovation space. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Autonomous business continues its strong rise, and the product structure optimizes the contribution of joint ventures. We expect companies to spread at every speed between 2018 and 2020, with stable leaders showing growth potential, and we maintain the company’s “growth” rating.
Joint venture stability guarantees the growth potential of the mature leader of autonomous rises, the self-empowerment Stewardship of the Stewardship Group (608003), the escort of the Stewardship Group, the Stewardship Group of the Stewardship Group (6000804.sh), the continuation of the Stewardship Group (608008) and the steady growth of popular general sales, the publication of such famous European and American journals as the Stewardship Group of the Stewardship Group (201809007).
The report is produced and published by the China Securities Commission. The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to specific customers mentioned above. It is not intended for the general public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.