The Ministry of Information and Communications has published two mandatory national standards for consultation on mandatory standards for fuel consumption in passenger vehicles, namely, limits on fuel consumption in passenger vehicles and methods and indicators for evaluating fuel consumption in passenger vehicles.
The Ministry of Trade and Communications officially published the Standard Conditions for the Lithium ion Batteries Industry (2018 editions) and the Interim Measures for the Management of the Lithium ion Batteries Industry Code (2018 editions) to strengthen the management of the lithium ion batteries industry and to accelerate the upgrading of the industry. More than 3.5 million vehicles were produced in Zhejiang province during the year, including more than 800,000 new energy vehicles.
The Shanghai market uses the Sea Car Fair Park as a real-life vehicle to build semi-open demonstration areas for auto-driving normal operations. It spends $1.06 billion on soft-packed power cell companies, Kanai New Energy, with a 58% share.
Toyota and Matsushita will cooperate in the production of new energy-powered batteries. The joint venture will be launched in 2020.
Type of vehicle: Ford lead suv is officially on the market at a price range of $109.98 million and $16.78 million. Current period [excellently]: Up-Steam Group (600104.sh) Up-Steam Group (6001044).
The company is an absolute leader in the domestic automobile industry, making the entire chain of cars, spare parts, after-markets, automobile finance, etc.
A series of reforms, such as the system of career managers, corporate listings, etc., re-energized state companies.
There is a steady growth in spare parts operations, and new sources of energy and intelligence have provided new and incremental space for spare parts modules.
4. Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the space for innovation in services. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc., sustains the boom and improves corporate profitability.
Quick, stabilization poles demonstrate growth potential, and we maintain corporate “growth” ratings.
In June 2017, he joined the CSVS and became a member of the CSCP-restricted securities advisory business. This report was produced and published by the CSV.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.