Health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences show a high rate of growth in Hpv at the same price as in Hpv at the same rate, and production capacity expands smoothly at the same rate as in Hpv at the same rate.
The Hmong Company has achieved revenue of $1,114 million in six months at the end of the year (about $80 million in 2020h1), contributed the bulk of the 2-priced hpv revenue, the 2-price hpv batches disclosed by the Central Court of Justice, and we're expecting a 2-priced hpv2.3 million in 2021h1 batches.
Revenue is expected to be around $750 million. Three doses of hepatitis E vaccine have been issued in 2021h1 and the net profit rate of the vaccine plate is expected to increase.
Gsk milestone revenue is 85 million yuan, and the net profit in Mantai Sea is close to 40%, and with the income Vantaa (603392) "Performance, 980 million yuan, net profit, $341 million, gsk milestone revenue, $86 million), Vantaa
–2021/04/22 The closing net profit margin is likely to guide the net profit margin of the vaccine plate. 2-price hpv production can expand smoothly and supply is safe. According to the announcement, it was pre-enclosed in April 2021.
According to the announcement, pre-infused syringe packaging was approved, with an additional capacity of 10 million units per year, further enhancing the company’s capacity to supply a second-in-in-incursion vaccine for cervical cancer.
The pace of production, the smooth production of pre-canning packagings, is expected to be issued in about August, at about 8 million. The expansion of capacity will be well suited to meet the rapidly growing cost of hpv, which will require a significant recovery for six months, a significant increase in the sale of conventional diagnostic products, and a new crown.
Research and development is progressing well. 2-price hpv completes the pre-certification field check for WHO; 9-price hpv completes the third dose of clinical on-site vaccination and co-initiates the non-perfect evaluation test with the competitive vaccine.
Testing; traditional frozen dry water pox vaccine in 111 clinical trials, with the new frozen dry water pox vaccine (vzv-7d) conducting clinical trials in the haemolysis period; the new nose-sprayed crown vaccine is in clinical trials in the hysteria period.
The seedling technology platform, which combines the good immunobisis and high safety features of the virus sampled particles, has broken through the critical technical difficulties of the original expression of protein particle assembly, achieving a perfect combination of production efficiency and immunisation effects, with the exception of the publicly available hepatitis vaccine and the second-priced cervical cancer vaccine.
Nine-priced cervical cancer vaccine is currently undergoing three clinical trials, and a new generation of cervical cancer vaccine seedlings and rotavirus vaccines is being deployed. Two-price hpv production is expanding, driving high performance growth. I keep a "buy-in" rating of 128 times, 86 times, and 66 times.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report