22 October 2022: on 21 October, the company released its three-quarter report for 2022, which became operational in the first three quarters.
In the third quarter of \triangleright, the company achieved operating income of 407 million yuan, a decline of 4.3 per cent in the same year; water shortages and earthquakes, attributed to shareholders in listed companies, affected the power of controlled hydropower. Sichuan experienced extreme temperatures and low rainfall in August.
\triangleright \triangleright, with adverse effects on hydropower capacity; the “9.5” earthquake was further aggravated by a partial control of the company and the power plant unit was fully reconnected to the grid 18 days after the earthquake. 3q22 held hydroelectric power generation of 1,791 million.
The company’s main hydroelectric asset, Yagijiang, is a major hydroelectric asset.
The river is located in the Sichuan region and is affected by q3 extreme weather events. However, it benefited from an increase in the two estuaries, the Yang Trench, in the amount of s0105211,000,0007, which was 2,079 million kWh higher than the amount of 29,626 million kWh of electricity generated in the single quarter of Yagi River.
At the time of the war, there was a 7.6 per cent increase; and the higher price of electricity offsets some of the downside effects. 3q22 for the association/collaborative research assistant, Zhao Guoli, had a non-recurrent gain of nearly $300 million on the return of the historical value-added tax (VAT) arrears, resulting in the first quarter deduction of the Yagijiang.
One million yuan, or an increase of 293 million yuan, or 10.4 per cent. The new energy layout is so sharp that the company is now involved in the energy of the three isthmus, the energy transfer power of China, the nuclear power of China, the nuclear power of China \triangleright \triangleright
1. The first coverage report (600674.sh) was: Ya, three new energy operators with wind and wind power while actively laying out new energy projects, 3q22 with full light voltage Investment proposals: companies are actively involved in new energy operations while they are committed to the development of the hydropower industry and are expanding.
\triangleright main camp operations map, q3 new energy operations begin to release a performance increase.
There has been a steady increase in returns. The company’s profit projections are adjusted for changes in electricity volume and prices, and the company’s \triangleright prices are expected to fluctuate; 4) fiscal and other policy adjustments are expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.