A positive increase in the capacity of the Yakang q3 power generation opened up new energy sources along the river (600674.sh) to grow.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company published a three-monthly report, which generated operating revenue of $883 million, benefiting from the growth of installed machines and the optimal movement of ladders, and a positive increase in the capacity of the Yagijiang q3 power generation.
With regard to hydroelectricity in the Yakuza River, although affected by extreme heat and drought, which led to significant water degeneration in Sichuan Province, there has been a positive increase in electricity generation during the third quarter of the Yakuza River, thanks to the optimal movement of the river basin ladder power stations and the increase in the installed machinery resulting from the introduction of the two estuaries and the Yangtze ditch.
Long. According to the national electricity announcement, the Yagi River electricity generation in the third quarter was 29,626 million kWh (year-on-year + 7.55 per cent) at an average cost of 0.252 kWh (including taxes) per kilowatt-hour (with Liang Yonan).
By comparison + 1.89 per cent); by the first three quarters of the Yagi River, 66,910 million kWh of electricity was generated (year-on-year +18.79 per cent) and the average cost of electricity (including taxes) was 0.276 kWh/kWh (year-on-year +2.83 per cent)
Water storage, resulting in a decline in electricity generation in the first half of the Tian Wan River; a decline in power generation in the Tian Wan River in September, as a result of the “9.5” earthquake. For the first three quarters, the company controlled 3.405 billion kWh of hydroelectric power generation (compared to 11.83 per cent) at an average cost of 0.196 kWh (excluding taxes) of electricity on the Internet
Investment returns declined in the third quarter, but investment returns increased by 10 per cent in the first three quarters, net cash flows of $395 million, a significant increase of 86.3 per cent over the same period, and investment returns of $3.88 billion, 4.4 per cent, which we expect to be the main investment returns from the Yakang hydroelectric power sector and the contribution of new energy operators.
The construction of new electric power plants in Yadumi is progressing in an orderly manner, and there is still room for growth in hydroelectric installed power plants in Yadumi. The construction of a new electric power plant in Mondigull, Kara, is progressing in an orderly manner.
Set-up, main loader 3.42gw, expected to be operational in the 15-55 period. According to the Yagi River Water and Power Company, the relative depth of 300 shows is slightly planned to build 4-5 main midstream elevator power stations (including those already built) by 2030.
In 2030, the total installed aircraft reached more than 23gw, and 20% of the new energy project in Yagi River is expected to break through and become a new performance growth point.
Elevator power stations can be deployed and regulated effectively to smooth the fluctuations of wind power and improve wind efficiency. At present, Yagijiang is steadily promoting the acquisition and development of wind power along the river, photovoltaic power projects. In addition, the company is involved in the three main new streams of energy, central nuclear transfer, and medium-wide nuclear wind power.
Energy operators are expected to generate higher returns from subsequent investments. Water availability is lower than expected; electricity prices on the Internet are lower; new energy projects are not expanding as expected; and inadequate capacity leads to higher levels of water discards.
Tao Maw, graduated from China’s University of Mines (Beijing) and has had more than 10 years of experience in industrial research, and has long been working on environmental public and industrial chains. He worked on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined the Chinese Galaxy securities in January 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.