Construction of a new energy vehicle component base facing a revaluation of manufacturing value: 16 February 2022, U.S. industrial technology under the banner of Anqing Welling Motors and Components Ltd., U.S. group (000333.sz)
The new strategic base for new energy auto parts and components was signed and inaugurated in the city of Anqing, Anhui Province. The new land project has invested about $11 billion, of which fixed assets have invested about $6.5 billion.
In late December of 21st, the company changed the name of the “American” business to “American” in the context of the global energy-structure-upgrading trend.
This new base project is an advantage, such as power to power electric power, new-energy car electric compressor, new-energy motor power drive, and so on.
The product is ahead of schedule, with five products from the three existing product lines that have successfully entered a number of world-renowned vehicles, and they have been tested and produced continuously, bringing high-quality products and technology to clients, as well as building for the future expansion of the company's operations to new energy vehicle valves, new energy vehicle heat management systems, etc.
Keep an eye on the rapid expansion of the heat management track, leading the layout business will continue to benefit. The U.S.'s current production in the field of heat management of the new energy \triangleright source car is mainly based on superior products such as compressors, electric machines, etc., for the heat tubes.
In the short term, there is no short-term impact on the three dragons, shield, etc.. The penetration rate of new energy vehicles in the country is low, and future heat-pumping will result in a significant expansion of demand in the thermal management sector.
\triangleright has a significant comparative advantage and resource endowment in many aspects of funding, channels, manufacturing, branding, and management.
The development team has put in place a robust research and development system that will invest $1 billion over the next 10 years in technology related to new energy vehicle components. From a global perspective, the industrialization of domestic electricity has to go through the path of development, and we strongly appreciate the opportunity to revalue the manufacturing value of home-based industries.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company to earn 21-23 years from a two-way view of production + consumption, industry facing value \triangleright
The market for new energy vehicles downstream is not growing as expected.
He worked in the hardware development department of tp-link for the development of commercial communications equipment.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.