The railways have increased their equipment, watching the recovery of the industry + the week of major repairs, and the performance of China’s medium-sized vehicle (601766) has increased in a quarter. The company’s performance has grown significantly in the first quarter of 2024, with the main driving force running well.
Delivery. By segment, 24q1 companies earned $13.317 billion in railway equipment, compared to +54.11 per cent, Wang Xia raised the level of profitability and performed excellent cash flow performance. 24q1 companies have 24.92 per cent Maori, compared to +54.11 per cent.
+3.41pet/+1.96pet, mainly due to a change in income structure, resulting in a significant increase in railway equipment operations with a higher Māori rate. Net corporate interest rate is 4.72%, corresponding/ring ratio +1.49 pct/-2.46 pct. At the cost end, the company has a more stable cost of three rates, with sales/management/financial cost rates, respectively.
The net operating cash flow of $14.488 billion was the first since the first quarter of 14q1. The demand for high-iron new construction and maintenance was resonant upwards, and the requirements of locomotives and locomotives benefited from the upgrading of equipment and the public transfer of iron. 1) In the first quarter, the country ' s railways completed a fixed-assets investment of $124.8 billion, an increase of 9.9 per cent compared to the previous quarter; and passengers were sent.
Over 1014 million people, an increase of 28.5 per cent over the same period. The cumulative number of passengers on spring and long-term vacations increased by 18.8 per cent and 19.6 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in 2019, and the re-emergence of the rail industry will boost the new high-iron fleets, which will require more than 200 groups per year.
The next step is expected to be a gradual release, with the first bid of 323 in 24 years for advanced repairs, of which 28 in three, 93 in four and 202 in five. 3) In February of this year, the Central Financial and Economic Commission proposed large-scale equipment upgrades and a new one.
By 2027, the railway director’s chart shows that we will have basically phased out the purchase of an old domestic engine. As of 2023, we had 22,400 railways, of which 7,800 are home-fired, with about half of them in a series.
One quarter of a month, the company signed a new $40.8 billion bill, including an overseas order of $6.3 billion. The National Iron Group tender is expected to be launched in the near future, and is expected to further drive corporate year-round orders and delivery.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: We believe that equipment upgrades + railway passenger cargo upgrades + major renovation cycles will boost the railway equipment landscape upwards, and that companies are expected to release their performance elasticity as a global pipeline of equipment. [Galactic Machinery] is expected to be rated by the company _ Chinese vehicle (601766.sh); Quarterly
The external market has not expanded as much as expected, such as the risk of increased competition in the field of railway tenders.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.