The fibre optics industry leads the industry, with a view to increasing the depth of the military high-speed optical device - the foil communication (300394) - the optics industry is experiencing an upturn in the atmosphere, driving the rapid development of the high-speed light device.
The light communication industry is moving into a fast and long term as large-flow applications such as online games, high-resolution videos, virtual reality, etc. The high-speed light module has become a hot spot for the development of the light module market, as operators and data centres move to high-speed light models.
The demand for blocks is high and the proportion of the 40g/100g optical module will increase. According to infonetics, the sales revenue of 10g/40g/100g in 2014 has reached $2,142 million and will grow steadily at a rate of 13.38 per cent, of which the combined annual growth rates of the 40g light module and the 100g light module will be higher, respectively
A total of 16.95% and 36.10% of all optical devices have been used extensively in the fields of data broadband, telecommunications, and the use of fttx, data centres, security surveillance and smart power grids has continued to evolve. Fibre-optic connections have broken down into market taps, accelerating the entry into active light units.
The company is the lead industry in the fibre-optic liner industry in the field of optical devices in the country. The main products include ceramic tubes, fibre-optic adapters and fibre-optic interface components, which are used mainly for optical communication networks and fibre-optic activities in equipment.
In the second half of 2015, the company launched a series of new products, such as OSa high-speed light devices, radio-receivable components with isolation devices, barrel, mpo, and the company formally entered into the luminous device project, widening the range of products it produced. To benefit from the expertise of specialized investment agencies, the company is proposing to contribute no more than RMB.
In order to accelerate the pace of corporate outreach by setting up an industrial M&A fund with Shenzhen Cheng Tang, $135 million. To speed up the company's inner-life project, Barrrellens, to speed up its entry into the top 100-g market, the company intends to invest $21 million with Guangdong Yongjian to set up Su Tianfu Fine Optics Ltd. to buy Japan's tm company.
The company's Māori ratio is high in the industry, with the company's Māori rate has remained above 62% in the last three years.
Project. The high-speed light device construction project will add 30.6 million high-speed devices to the production capacity after delivery, consolidate the company’s position in the light communication segment market, and effectively improve the competitiveness of the product. The project will have a 30-month period, with production on the side of construction, and the project will have a normal annual operating income of 834 million yuan after delivery.
With a net profit of $150 million and a dynamic return on investment of 4.25 years, the economy is better. The company’s implementation of the high-speed light device construction project will enhance the productive capacity of the various high-speed light devices, optimize the structure of the company’s products, enhance the revenue and profitability of the public sector, increase market ownership of the company, accelerate the introduction of the active light device, and continue.
The strategic importance of maintaining a dominant position within the industry is very important. Research assistant: Masson Industries Unsourced Light Devices are being released, the business of active lightware is growing steadily, with four new product lines added.
Quick-volume production has contributed to a high-speed high-optic device project with an increased layout. It is expected that in 2017-2019, the eps were 0.82 and the luminos were not able to maintain the high-profile atmosphere: the development of the source devices was hampered: the steady increase was blocked. First, the fibre-optic link industry leads the industry, striving to become the leading global company in light communications.
(i) Fibre-linking industry leading companies in the field of luminous devices. The company was established in 2005 and since its establishment, the main battalion is engaged in research and development, high-precision manufacturing and marketing of lightless devices in the field of luminous communications. In the second half of 2015, it entered the active lightware industry, with an increase of 718 million for high-speed light device construction projects.
The Division is the lead company in the country in the fibre optics segmentation industry in the field of lightless devices. The main products include ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters and optical-receivable interface components, which are mainly used to connect optical communication networks to fibre optic activity in the equipment. Meanwhile, in the second half of 2015, the company launched a series of new OSa high-speed optical devices, photo-receivers with isolation devices, barrel, and mpo products.
At the same time, in January 2017, the company issued a firm-to-excrete plan to raise a total of not more than 718 million dollars in non-public shares for the construction of high-speed optical devices. The company currently actually controls farmers, Euros and Euros, which together account for 49.82% of the total equity, and compares the stockholder structure of the company.
At the same time, the share of the company is controlled through dreamers in Suzhou, who account for 2.88% of the company's total stock. Thus, the share of the actual control farmers in Zou and the sum of 49.82% of the total share.
The company ' s total equity share after its release in 2017 was 215.85 million shares, and the share held by the Zou Jian farmers and the European couple was 42.90%, still in holding positions. The company ' s equity is concentrated to facilitate decision-making and management, and in a broader environment where technological upgrading in the telecommunications sector is faster, it can be justified more effectively as the company ' s main business expands.
In November 2010, the company funded $45 million to set up a fully-owned subsidiary, Gao An Tianfu, as a production plant for bulk-processed products of the stock company. The stock company is located in the Siu-Zeng region of Jiangsu Province, where the director of the triangular economy is more advanced, and where the pool of talent is concentrated.
It is located only 70 km from the capital city of Namchang in Jiangxi Province, where the resource element is relatively low and suitable for large-scale production and processing. The stock company is fully responsible for the company’s operations, for the company’s product sales, for the purchase of raw materials, for research and development, for product production, and so forth.
The share company undertakes new product design development, test production and small-volume production, and, once the new product has matured and stabilized in technology and the scale of production has gradually expanded, part of the product line has been transferred to Gao An Tianfu for processing.
At the same time, in order to meet the company’s strategic needs for rapid growth over the next five years, the company established Jiangxi Tianfu in 2016, and the fully-owned company Jiang Tianfu Technology Limited in Jiangxi, which will purchase 300 acres of land as a reserve for development and plan the construction of a new research and development industrial park. In October 2016, the company and the natural person Wang Wei jointly invested in the establishment of the Suzhou Tianfuyong.
In September of that year, with its own capital, RMB 21 million and the Young-jung Group, the company invested in the establishment of the Suzhou Tianfu Fine Optics Ltd., mainly in research and development, production, marketing and technical services of high-precision molds and spare parts, with 30 per cent of its shares in the company. The company has always adhered to the concept of high-end market positioning and enterprise development for high-quality products, and is striving to become a leading light communication supply in the industry.
Businesses. Firms adhere to the development philosophy of providing high-quality connectivity to global light networks, based on the light and communication industry, taking advantage of its opportunities for continuous and rapid growth, taking advantage of products and processes, constantly upgrading quality and services, enhancing core competitiveness, achieving success with performance and quality, deepening research and development and innovation while ploughing existing product markets, and investing in a wider product business area for customers.
The company’s future development strategy is centred on upgrading the quality of its products, expanding its size, and expanding its markets. Companies will invest in human and material resources to actively expand their overseas markets and expand their share of direct exports.
(b) To build on existing product markets, to continue to expand high-end applications, to improve market access, to improve the erp and mes systems in a comprehensive manner, and to promote integrated management of corporate logistics, financial flows and information flows;
Intellectual property database, improved company-specific technology management, full access to industry information (ii) ongoing roll-out of new products and parts of optical devices, consolidation of the vanguard of fibre-optic connectivity industry
The company developed its own high-quality ceramic tube production technology in 2005 and established a ceramic tube production line. In 2006, the company extended its product to the downstream optic adapter of the ceramic tubes. In 2008, the company developed its own photo-receiver interface component production technology and started producing the optical-receipt interface component. In 2015, the OSa high-speed light device was launched.
In 2016, the company set up branches in Shenzhen and Wuhan to provide localized rapid response and services to customers, to increase development of high-end customers, both within and outside the country, to extend downstream into the industrial chain and to consolidate the country’s leading position in the fibre-optic connection market.
Ceramic tubes are primarily used for fibre-optic activity connections, which ensure accurate alignment between fibre-optic jumpers, and are widely used in optical devices such as fibre-optic adapters, optical module interfaces, fibre-optic decayers, etc., as the basis for the smooth flow of the optical communication network. Links between fibre-optics or fibre-optic interfaces to the device need to rely on ceramic tubes to ensure accurate alignment of fibre-optic cores about 9 m in diameter, with ceramic tubes belonging to fibre-optic connections.
The basic fibre-optic activity connector is composed of two cores and a ceramic tube, which is designed to focus precisely on two cores, so that the two embedded fibres in the core form a optical circuit, minimizing the loss of light at the two core interfaces, and requiring a good porcelain tube to be plugged in.
Placing performance to meet daily use needs. Figure 4: Ceramic tube diagrams. Figure 5: Fibre-optic activity connection principles
The fibre optic adapter consists of ceramic tubes and plastics or metal casings, which are used mainly for docking between fibre optic jumpers and are widely used in fibre optic wiring boxes, fibre optic docking boxes, optical circuits, optical exchange equipment, central machine rooms, etc. The fibre optic adapter is one of the most widely used lightless devices in the optical communication system and is used mainly for connecting optical communication networks to fibre optic activity in the equipment.
Performance has a direct impact on the stability of the light network, with ceramic tubes determining the penetration loss of fibre-optic adapters, interpolation, etc., the size accuracy of the plastic shell, the mechanical durability of the manufacturing level of the fibre-optic adapter and the strength of the locked institutions. The fibre-optic adaptor is typically made up of ceramic tubes and plastic casings, which are the main functional components, and the plastic casings are fixed.
The optical-receivable interface component consists of ceramic tubes, built-in fibre-optic short plugs and stainless steel precision parts. It is the port of the optical-receiver module and is an essential device in communications equipment, such as the central office of the optical communication centre, the data centre. The optical-receiver module is a module that achieves the optical-electric switch and the electrical-optic conversion function in the optical communications system. Indicators such as the four-wayness of the optical-receiver interface component, thewiggle properties, the concentricity, etc. have a direct impact on the light.
The primary function of the optical-receivable interface component is to transmit the focused light signal precisely to the fibre-optic jump line or to project the light signal from the fibre-optic jump line accurately into the light sensor. Because the 4g base station needs access to the light network, the base station device must convert the light signal to a telecom re-modify to a wireless signal, and each base station has multiple optical and transceiving modules.
Market demand for the optical and optical interface component is strong. Figure 9: Application of the optical and optical interface component in the optical and optical module
(iii) A steady growth in performance, with a high rate of Māori production of fibre-optic connectors, a steady growth in corporate operating income and a high rate of growth in the main industry. Since 2011, the company has grown in size, with revenue of billions, benefiting from increased sales of its main products and increased business size, as well as from early R & D investment in new products, among other things;
The growth of net profits is lower than the growth of gross operating income. Overall, the company’s operating income and net profits have increased at a high rate, and the company is in an expansionary phase.
At the same time, the cost of the company has been well managed and the Māori rate has risen steadily, with Māori rates having remained above 55 per cent from 2011 to 2016, reaching 61.74 per cent by the end of 2016, and leading the same industry. Sub-products show the highest Māori rate for ceramic tubes, reaching 73.65 per cent in 2014, and the Cāori tubes are still the highest for the company. From 2012 to 2015, net interest rates.
Since 2014, net interest rates have been 44.20%, 43.57% and 39.21%, respectively. Both the company ' s Māori rate and the net interest rate are high in the industry, with higher profitability of existing main business products. Corporate management costs are rising year by year, and sales and financial costs are under control.
Sales costs and financial costs have been stable without significant change. Sales costs have increased by 71.57% over the previous year, mainly because of the increase in sales by the Department, the establishment of the Wuhan, Shenzhen Branches, the increase in manpower costs and sales-related costs.
Expenditures account for a larger share, and the rising management costs of recent years are responsible for increasing R & D. Corporate management costs in 2016 were 10,000 yuan, mainly due to the expansion of the company’s size and the continued increase in research and development investment by managers and companies to increase the nuclear sales of corporate products abroad, mainly from the data centre market.
In 2013, corporate earnings from overseas operations continued to grow, and the share of overseas sales in total corporate operating income remained stable at about 15% - 20%. In 2016, corporate growth in overseas operations was higher than expected, reaching $78.79 million, a year-on-year increase.
Corporate products are high-end product orientation in the market and are constantly moving to high-end customers. Because the cost of products such as ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, and optical-receivable interface components account for a lower proportion of the total cost of light communications equipment, the quality of the product is lower than that of downstream manufacturers.
tfc has become one of the main brands to replace imports, obtaining wide recognition from high-end clients. Corporate customer resources are stable, and the main clients include not only Wuhan telecommunication devices, Chinese industry sources, and Chinese Xing Xing, among others.
Credit firms, including internationally recognized optical communication enterprises such as taco electronics, and, secondly, fibre-optic connectivity, market niches, capital-mobilization expansion, (i) policies that drive the development of the optical communications industry, and the steady growth of fibre-optic connectivity devices
The country has consistently promulgated policy and regulations to promote the development of the light communication sector, which has been instrumental in supporting the development of the light communications sector. The Broadband China strategy has become a national strategy with development goals: by 2020, the broadband network will cover urban and rural areas in a comprehensive manner, with a 70% penetration of fixed broadband households and opportunities for the light communication sector.
The high demand for base station equipment investment and transmission network development has led to a rapid increase in demand in the optical communications industry, providing extensive ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters and optical-receivable interface components for project implementation, mainly for linking optical communication networks to fibre optic activity in equipment.
The optical communications industry chain begins with the manufacture of basic components, which are manufactured by the optical communications basic parts manufacturer, such as ceramic tubes, core plugs, and then the optical components made by the optical components manufacturer, resulting in optical devices such as fibre optic adapters, optical distribution modules, etc., and then the communications equipment manufacturer compiles all types of light components into communications equipment, and finally the telecommunications operator procures them.
Telecommunications services to end-users through a network of mail equipment, fibre-optic cables. Figure 17: Mapping of the optical device area, with the growth of capital investment in the global telecommunications industry, is expected to stabilize the future global fibre-optic adaptor market and the optical module market.
The development of ceramic tubes is dependent on the development of communication technologies, the development of applications such as web and video games, the growth of demand for bandwidth, and capital spending by telecommunications operators.
The consultancy forecast that global demand for ceramic tubes will be about 1,092 million in 2010 and 300 million in China’s market demand; by 2015, global market demand for ceramic tubes is expected to increase to nearly 2.94 billion, and Chinese market demand will increase to 950 million. The development of the fibre-optic apparel industry is also dependent on the development of the optical communications industry, which is highly correlated with spending on telecommunications capital.
The growth in capital spending by operators, wide power operators and Internet service providers will contribute directly to the growth of demand in the market for optical communications equipment, fibre optic racks and associated test measuring instruments, thus contributing to the development of fibre optic adapters.
Figure 21: China’s fibre optic adapter demand forecast, fttx fibre broadband network construction, 4g network deployment, wireless loop network construction, and three-net integration are all factors driving the rapid growth of the market for optical and optical modules, which are in high demand.
In the release module, the driving force behind the development of the market for the optical and optical modules is the main driving force in the market development of the components of the optical and optical interface. According to Lightcounting, the global market for the optical and optical modules was projected to be about $3 billion in size in 2012, achieving a 6 per cent increase, with sales increasing by more than 20 per cent: market size is expected to increase to $5 billion by 2017.
The output of the ball's optical interface component exceeded 50 million: in the context of the steady growth of the light communication market, it is expected that by 2015 the output of the entire ball's optical interface component will reach 220 million.
(ii) The steady development of the operations of the unsourced optical device, and the emergence of a leading enterprise in the domestic fibre-optic connection market with a competitive edge in the domestic fibre-optic connection market, with the high accuracy, consistency, data-dissociative nuclear content of the ceramic tubes, fibre-optic adaptors and optical-receivable interface components.
One of the companies with a full range of production technologies, ranging from the precision processing of metal parts to the manufacture of optical-receivable interface components, from the processing of fine-recorded plastics to fibre optic adapters, is one of the large-scale domestic and global production companies for ceramic tubes, and one of the leading players in the domestic fibre-optic connectivity sub-markets. According to the information consultation data, the issuer ' s ceramic tubes for 2012-2014 are on the global market.
The rate of occupancy reached 7.73 per cent, 6.87 per cent and 5.81 per cent respectively, with fibre optic adapters reaching 1.98 per cent, 1.22 per cent and 1.55 per cent, respectively, and optical-receivable interface components reaching 10.81 per cent, 8.96 per cent and 10.84 per cent, respectively.
High accuracy is a feature of the company's production technology, and the fibre-optic core's diameter size is finely determined. The fibre-optics are made of fibre-optic cores, coatings and coatings, in which single-mold fibre-optic cores are only 8-10 μm in diameter, which is required to ensure that the fine fibre cores are tied to high-precision processing technology.
As the speed of light transmission increases, market demand for high-precision products will grow, and less accurate products will be phased out. Inserting wear and tear is a key energy indicator for measuring the company’s products, and inserting loss and loss will be less and better, and the company’s ceramic tubes will be <0.1 db, well below industry standards ~0.20 db.
The main raw materials used by the company are oxen powder, core plugs, plastic particles, stainless steel bars, etc., which are mainly the responsibility of the company's capital department, whose subsidiaries are only responsible for the local purchase of small quantities of collateral. The company uses the model of “direct purchasing, three-to-three” and the Ministry of Markets submits product demand plans to the Ministry of Production on the basis of projected orders, while the Ministry of Production determines the amount of raw materials required according to the product specifications.
After checking the existing material inventory, develop a requisition plan, requisition from the Enterprise, select multiple suppliers according to material requirements, evaluate qualified suppliers and complete procurement assignments, following steps such as initial knowledge of suppliers, quality testing, sample testing, etc. The company evaluates suppliers in its daily procurement, evaluates material quality, delivery times, etc., and eliminates non-qualification.
The company sells its own products with its own brand name, and shares and subsidiaries use their respective advantages to achieve a reasonable division of labour and maximize production efficiency. The production tasks of the production department of the company are organized together, and production schedules are carried out by the Ministry of Production in accordance with the product demand plan proposed by the Ministry of Markets.
In the more developed regions, where there is a concentration of talent, easy transport, and a good economic environment. The subsidiary, Gao An Tianfu, is located in the town of Goan, Jiangxi Province, just 70 kilometres from the provincial capital, Namchang City, where the resource element costs are relatively low compared to the share company’s location and is suitable for large-scale production and processing.
The company ' s fibreless device products are mainly used to connect the communications network to fibre-optic activity in the equipment, and they are widely used in fibre-optic wiring racks, fibre-optic circuits, fibre-optic switches, optical transmission modules, etc. In the light of the trend of fibre-optics to households, the construction of fibre-optic access networks between the terminal room and the user ' s terminal equipment has increased in size, the fibre-optic path is complex and the number of connections has expanded.
The rapid growth in demand for lightless devices was stimulated by the significant increase in the use of light communications equipment. At the same time, the high frequency of the 4g network was higher than 2g/3g, and the high decay and poor penetration of high frequency signals required more intensive deployment of 4g base stations by operators.
Quantities of demand for optical devices and light communication equipment, thus leading to a rapid increase in demand in the market for corporate products. Figure 24: Application of corporate open-source optical products in light communication networks (iii) Increasing the capacity of integrated R & D by raising funds to expand the production of passive light devices
Corporate fund-raising for investment in the project on the expansion of open-source devices and the project on building research and development centres aimed at enhancing product competitiveness and consolidating the productive capacity of 10,000 ceramic tubes, 30 million fibre optic adapters and 42 million optical-breeding interface components; the project on building research and development centres will enhance the corporate capacity for integrated research and development and further enhance the company ' s competitiveness and provide technical security for the long-term development objectives of the company.
The company intends to publicly issue the RMB general sharea to the community, with no more than 19.7 million shares, and if it is expected that the net amount of funds collected by the company from the new share will exceed the total amount of funds required for the project, if the number of new shares is less than the minimum required by law, the share held by the company may be sold publicly by the eligible stock.
The company raises funds for projects for the expansion and upgrading of photovoltaic devices, which optimizes the company’s product structure, increases its market share, and preserves an advantage within the industry. The project for the expansion and upgrading of photovoltaic devices is based on the company’s existing ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, and optical-receipt interface component products.
Heart technology can improve the hardware facilities in which production takes place and further improves the productivity and quality of the company’s products.
The R & D centre construction project is based on the company’s existing R & D centre building, the acquisition of R & D equipment, and large hardware and software inputs to enhance the company’s capacity for integrated R & D. The R & D centre is complementary to the existing business, is constantly developing new core technologies, and is technologically supportive of the company’s future product development and promotes further development of the existing business.
With a total investment of $38.87 million in development projects, the R & D centre construction project, building on existing R & D foundations for R & D, new designs, sample production, product testing, small batch trials and integrated R & D centres, will increase corporate R & D output, shorten the R & D cycle, improve competitiveness in R & D, process, quality, etc., and provide reliable technical support for the future development of companies.
Step by step to consolidate the company’s R & D advantages in the light communication segment. Thirdly, accelerate the entry into active light devices.
The optical device is the key element of the light network transmission and is an important component of the light module, which is divided into source devices and non-source devices. The active light device is the key device in the light communication system that converts a telecom into a light signal or a light signal into a telecom. It is the heart of the light transmission system, which consists mainly of semiconductor light-emitting diodes (led), laser diodes (ld), photoelectric diodes (pin),
Apd, edfa, Raman light amplifiers, modems, etc. Unsourced optical devices are those that need to be consumed in the light communication system, without light power or light transformation, and are key nodes of the light transmission system, mainly fibre optic connectors, couplings, wave-recycling, light switches, light decayers and light separators.
Capable of luminator (light source): Laser diode (ld), luminous diode firing, receiving, relaying, generating or receiving luminescence.
Pipe (led) keyware, determination of fibre-optic transmission system Light receiver: photovoltaic diodes: pin, apd
Light magnifiers: edfa, soa, fra, fba light detectors, fibre-optic lasers, light wavelength converters, light modems
(fc) fc/pc, fc/apc), composition of the light system, functional extension, sex
Capable of generating or receiving optical fibre-optic orientation coupling/synchronizers, photo-plug-in repeaters (oadm), photo-wave/intensity-based wave-synchronizers (wdm/dwdm), photolysis
The optical electron device for the optic filters, fibre-optic separators and loops, light switches, light-resistance controllers, fibre-optic salt ponds, fibre-optic optic grids.
The light module consists of optical electronic devices, functional circuits, and light interfaces. The optical electronic device consists of both optical launchers and light receivers. The function of the light module is to convert the signal into a light signal at the end of the transmission, via fibre-optic transmission, the receiving end, and then the light signal into a telecom. The light module can be divided by function into a light reception module, a light-transmission module, a light-receiving integrated module and light.
Relay modules, etc. The main function of the ODI module is to achieve photovoltaic/photographic transformation, including optical power control, modem distribution, signal detection, i-v conversion, and limited magnification of the regenerative function of the judgement. The light module provides a viable solution for long-range communication links transmission, which is a key element that meets the performance requirements of today's network architecture, and which not only enhances the flexibility of network coverage, but also increases the flexibility of network coverage.
The light module industry is an important branch of the light communication industry and plays an important role in data centres, transmission networks, mobile broadband, etc. The whole process of producing the light chip and other components is to make it into a light device and then seal it into a light.
Modules. From the light module industrial chain, the light module industry consists mainly of the optical chip industry, the optical device industry, the integrated circuit industry, the chip industry and the pcb industry. The downstream of the light module industry is mainly a manufacturer of telecommunications equipment and a communications operator. The industry has matured and more suppliers, with high-end light devices being supplied mainly by foreign suppliers; the integrated circuit chip is mainly a laser drive.
And limit magnifiers, the suppliers that can provide these chips, are located in several parts of the globe: pcb is a fully competitive market. The applications of photomole products cover such industries as data broadband, telecommunications, fttx, data centres, security surveillance and smart grids.
The lightware industry has a wide variety of products, and competition patterns vary considerably from one product to another. There are hundreds of product models under each category of optical electronics, which can be combined with a variety of modules, subsystems, and so on, and so a specialized division of labour has become characteristic of the industry in terms of the development, production and sale of various optical electronics.
There are more producers in low end devices, such as fibre-optic coupling, connectors, low-speed reception and distribution modules, etc. There are relatively few producers and more autonomous producers in high-end modules and subsystems with a high technical content, such as dwdm devices, 40gbit/s and above, and roadm subsystems.
With the rapid growth of the light communication industry, global patterns of competition in the light module sector have gradually become characterized by rising concentration and shifting to developing countries. On the industrial chain, the light communication module firms have continued to restructure their M&As and integrate vertically into the industrial chain.
Industry concentration has increased further; as a result of the globalization of the economy and the rapid development of the optical communications industry in developing countries such as China, major international producers of the PV module have gradually moved their manufacturing bases to developing countries represented by China, and the R & D capabilities of Chinese enterprises on the PV module have been rapidly upgraded, supported by national industrial policies.
Our entire photochip enterprise is weak, the high-end chip is import-dependent, and the state of domestic chip difficulty in meeting demand will continue. The photochip technology is the highest in the entire photo-module industrial chain.
And it's highly homogenous, and the core production technology of high-end photochips is in the hands of foreign chip manufacturers, relying mainly on imports from countries such as the United States and Japan, exposing domestic manufacturers to the risk of foreign monopoly of core patents, with foreign producers accounting for about 90% of the market in high-end photochips. In recent years, equipment manufacturers like Hua, Naking, Fire Communications, Light and Rapid Technologies have gradually begun to move to upstream chip areas.
As the light communication network moves toward ultra-high frequency, hypervelocity, and hypercapacity, the high-speed light module has become a hot spot for the development of the market for light modules. According to infonetics, in 2015 10g/40g/100g sales revenue reached $2.443 billion.
With a steady and rapid growth rate of 12.23% per year, global revenues from 10g/40g/100g light modules are projected to reach $4.35 billion by 2020, or more than 61% of the total light module market. Of this, 40g light modules and 100g light modules, with emphasis on investment technology development and adherence to autonomous innovation, are also home-grown enterprises' R & D capabilities and production levels for high-end light modules.
There are already extensive applications in the fields of data broadband, telecommunications, and applications in the fields of fttx, data centres, security surveillance, and smart grids. The main markets for optical devices now include telecommunications markets and data centres. The telecommunications market can be divided into transmission networks, access networks, and a large part of the base station, and the data centre market can be divided into interconnected, interconnected and machine rooms.
The market for data centres has grown strongly in recent years, reaching $2.6 billion last year, or one-third of the total market for light. The demand for high-speed light modules in data centres is high, with an annual growth rate of around 27%, with an increasing share of 40g/100g optical and transacting modules, and more than half of the modules.
In August 2015, the company invested 20 million in “Oa + 10 g (high transmission speed light)” fully automated production line items.
To meet clients' needs and achieve vertical integration of product lines, the company intends to invest in the construction of “a fully automated production line for Osa (high transmission speed light device) above 10 g”, using the existing strengths of the company to extend the depth of cooperation with the client with a view to expanding the volume of business and creating win-win situations between the company and the client. The project proposes to renovate the existing static and dust-free room by about 2,000 square metres, while purchasing related production measurements.
Pilot equipment, supplied by clients with lasers, the company undertakes collating and testing related operations to achieve production capacity of 2,400,000 sets of Osa (high transmission speed light devices) in the postnatal year.
In July 2016, the company proposed to set up an industrial M & A fund with an amount not exceeding RMB 135 million from its own funds. The company proposed to contribute RMB 135 million; Shenzhen was the general partner of the fund and proposed to contribute RMB 3 million; and he was a limited partner of the fund and proposed to contribute a total of RMB 162 million to the M & A fund, to which Shenzhen would be eligible.
Investors don’t raise funds. The company’s investment in M & As funds is designed to achieve a strategic overall development plan that draws on the expertise of professional investment agencies to accelerate the pace of corporate outreach, promote the upgrading of the company’s industry, and broaden the corporate investment platform, which will have a positive impact on the company’s ability to sustain its operations.
In September 2016, the company signed an agreement with the Yongjian Group, the Japanese tsuoismold-based company, on the operation of light communication lens.
The framework agreement for strategic cooperation, in which the parties to the agreement are to establish a comprehensive, close and in-depth strategic partnership and practical cooperation on the operation of the telecommunications lens alone, is to invest 21 million yuan yuan in co-financing with the Yongjung Group to establish the Su Tianfu Gesellschaft Ltd. The barrellens is a new project launched by the company in the second half of 2015.
Tm and Yongjian have a wealth of technological accumulation and production experience in the field of light communication lens, and this time the company has signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with Yongjong Group and tm, which enables the company to seize market opportunities and move rapidly forward with the development and strategic layout of its barrellens business.
(iii) Establishment of additional high-speed optical devices, which will be used for the construction of high-speed light devices after the project reaches the cost of post-partum performance growth. The project is organized by Jiangxi Tianfu Technology Ltd. and is located in the high-tech industrial park of the city of Goan, Jiangxi Province. The project is built for 30 months, with production on the side of the project.
The expected operating income of $834.00 million for the regular year, the total profit from the project for the normal post-natal year of $199.9355 million, and the net profit construction project will enhance the productive capacity of various high-speed optical devices, which is of strategic importance for companies to increase market ownership and maintain a strong position within the industry.
The rapid growth in demand for information consumption has greatly contributed to the development of the light-communication industry, which in the next few years will be entering a fast-growing path, which will increase the size of the lightware market. As large flows such as online games, high-resolution videos, virtual reality, etc., are driven by bandwidth demand, the light-communication market is fast and long-term. China has the largest and more complete optical-communication chain.
At present, light communication technologies are widely and universally used in the construction of the entire basic network, carrying more than 80% of the world's communications operations, creating a market for light communications hardware of the size of hundreds of billions of dollars a year. Of this, the optical electronics industry, which accounts for more than 70% of the total output of the entire industry chain, can be called the heart of the light communication industry, and it is bound to usher in a new round.
Expanding the company’s industrial chain layout in the light communication industry and upgrading the company’s position in the industry. The optical device is the base of the light transmission equipment, the most important component of the optical communication system. The main products before the company’s listing are ceramic cylinders, fibre optic adapters, and a wide range of optical-receivable components, which are widely applied to the telecommunications city network, backbone networks, access networks; data centres, Internet large data storage, etc.
Cloud computing, fibre optics, etc.. Since its listing, companies have further strengthened their R & D capabilities by building R & D centers, and by 2015 are rolling out new products of the Osa high-speed light device, the segregated optical component, barrel, and mpo series. The company intends to implement a high-speed light device construction project, which, after implementation, will enhance the production capacity of the various high-speed light devices and introduce them to the company.
The firm’s deep-farming equipment industry, which has been leading the industry for many years, has formed a nationwide marketing network, with a wealth of customer resources and a high brand profile. Companies have developed and innovated continuously in recent years, and have accumulated large amounts of medium- and high-end customer resources.
Good branding and rich customer resources guarantee the productivity of high-speed light construction projects and provide a solid basis for further raising the company’s market share.
The implementation of high-speed optical device construction projects will, on the one hand, meet customer requirements and, on the other hand, further optimize the company’s product structure, increase market ownership, raise visibility and influence, and consolidate the company’s position in the industry.
New products, new project development advances have been stepped up, and now the barrellens design module and volume production have been successfully implemented; project receptable 0.1 (with quarantiner components) has been certified and produced in bulk by multiple clients; OSa lightware is in the process of production with equipment and team experience; multi-programme products of 100 g products from the optical and sender components team in collaboration with clients
Starting in 2017, the 5g network, object network and game industry will lead to a significant increase in cloud-side storage demand, and the 100g high-speed light module demand will be increased accordingly, while new requirements for the size, power and cost of light devices will be introduced by clients, prompting companies to extend downstream into the industrial chain, gradually extending the company's product lines to various types of lightware and critical components and enriching existing production.
This increase will optimize the company’s business capacity and strategic layout, enhance the company’s overall competitive strength; enhance profitability and upgrade the company’s position in the light communication sector; and, at the same time, strengthen the company’s financial capacity to meet the company’s operating needs.
With strong support from national policies, the light and communications industry faces historic opportunities, and companies have been given wider market space. While increasing corporate overall profitability, it has helped to further improve the company’s overall competitiveness and its position in the light and communications industry.
This increase will provide strong financial support for the company’s operations and will strengthen the foundations of sustainable development in a number of areas, including business layout, financial capacity, long-term strategies, and create favourable conditions for enhancing the firm’s core competitiveness and cross-cutting development.
The company's unsourced lightware production capacity continues to be released, there is a steady growth in the source device business, with four new product lines that accelerate the production of luminescence units unable to maintain a high temperature; the development of the source device has been hampered; the growth has been hampered; the growth has been hampered. Jung Ping, tmt team leader. Ph.D. Management, China People's University, University of Petroleum Business School, ba mentor; and has nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, 2016.
Yang Xing, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People ' s Masson, communications research assistant, business management master ' s degree, graduated from the University of Hoyoji, and joined the civil securities in 2016.
The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeking objectivity, impartiality, conclusions not directed, influenced by any third party, and so forth.