Xiangzhou old cellar (000568), continued high performance, with a marked increase in the price of high- and middle-grade alcohol.
In 2024, the company insisted on deep-farming base markets, while actively expanding its market in China, China, China, China, and China.
Rates and management rates have fallen. We believe that companies will be able to maintain a high rate of growth in the future with a steady drop in sales rates. First, because of the smoothing down of the price system in previous years, companies have entered a high-quality development phase, the size and influence of the country’s current customers, 1573, and the development of the waist and the Tajik products are gaining momentum. Second, most of the company’s marketing cultural facilities or products are well developed.
It will be completed in recent years, with culture, products, technology, or even greater penetration, helping companies to achieve a higher cost-effectiveness ratio. Third, the company’s current digital architecture has been completed, its membership system will be improved or improved in the future, and the cost of investing in it is expected to be further optimized.
Completion of product restructuring and adaptation to rapid market changes, coupled with capacity to support product release, and expansion of the corporate region
High-middle alcohol prices increased significantly, driving high performance growth. High-end alcohol harvests continued at a high rate of growth of 21.28 per cent in mid-2023, higher prices compared to 21.28 per cent in the same year, better prices for hips and higher product structure; the cellar revenues are expected to grow by 20 per cent + in 2023, with a slightly faster than low height. Other liquor camps collected $3.236 billion (as compared with 22.87 per cent), with the headlines projected to grow by 20 per cent + the same year.
In 2024, the company insisted on deep-farming base markets, while actively expanding the Chinese and Chinese markets, including in the region.
The growth is expected to continue with the deepening of deep-field farming.
First, as a result of the rationalization of the price system in previous years, the company has entered a high-quality development phase, with the current cellar's 1573 regulations and influence continuously rising, and the development of the waist and the Tajik product is gaining momentum. Second, most of the marketing cultural facilities of the company will be completed in recent years, and culture, products, technology, or will become more popular, helping the company achieve a higher-cost ratio.
The company’s current digital architecture has been completed, and future or future membership systems will be improved, and the cost of investing is expected to be further optimized. Roe continues to climb. We believe that the company’s room for upgrading is still larger. On the one hand, the company’s current cash assets are relatively high, and as TRP projects are put in place, cash assets are gradually turned into fixed assets with higher output than operating capital.
On the other hand, in the context of the upgrading of corporate product structures and the enabling digital system, we believe that the Māori rates and fees will continue to rise and that the net interest rates will continue to rise. The mark-up rate has been bright and has long-term configuration value.
In the long term, we believe that, under the new nine articles, companies rely on a stable business model with a strong cash flow and a high red rate with a long-term configuration value.
The price reduction is still the main theme of the White Wine industry, and the high-end wine market is still rising. The white wine production has been falling since its peak in 2016, with the 2016-2023 cagr being 15.17% and the sales price 6.86%. In the words “less drinking is 41.68%, an increase of 9.39pt from 2019.” We believe that the old cellar is sufficiently dynamic and will be in the industry in the future.
Competitiveness will continue to improve, while companies have already completed product restructuring ahead of schedule, adapted to rapid market changes, while producing capacity supports product release, while there is wide scope for corporate regional expansion, which is currently pushing the base market for “well digging” and focusing on the average 52-degree high white wine price in 36 major medium-sized cities (dollars/bottles)
Figure 20 shows a rising prevalence of the high-end white wine market, a strong-fragrance white wine-nose family, and a 100-year-old in-house industry. The old cellar in Chenzhou, founded on 36 wine-breeding workshops in Mingqing, has a long-standing manufacturing skills, founded by Guo Huaiyu in 1324 A.D., and has now been in its 24-generation history.
In addition, the company owns the country's only country-wide reservoir of key cultural objects, which was built in 1573 A.D. to build the oldest and longest-utilized reservoirs in 1573, and which account for more than 90% of the industry for more than 100 years. In 1952, at the first national wine review meeting, the old cellars and Mao Dai, the wine and the Xi Feng were rated as “China”
Four names, followed by a series of "national brands" that became the only branding of five years of national brands, a strong white brand, and a big monolithic focus. The corporate product matrix was perfected, and a branding system of "double brands, trilogy, large monoliths" was built to cover low-price bands in high schools.
Formerly at the top of the country ' s high-end wines, in 2023 the state cellars collected more than $20 billion; in 2023, the masters of the old cellars in Chenzhou were in the middle, brands were in the middle, brands were in the middle, and price escalation was significant, with companies rolling out the high-end belts in 2021, and in 2023, revenues from the 60th edition of the special were expected to exceed $2 billion and the size of the cellar was expected to exceed $1 billion.
Two brands running in the 21st and the Xiangzhou cellars, covering the full price belts, the Xiangzhou cellars, sub-tops.
- Price: $300-600.
The company has a forward-looking strategic vision and has been developing a technology improvement project since 2015, including a brewing engineering project.
The second phase was completed in December 2020 and is expected to be completed in 2025, with a cumulative build-up of 100,000 tons of bikinis, 100,000 tons of curls and 380,000 tons of storage capacity, providing a solid basis for the nationalization of subsequent products.
1. Medium and high-quality alcohol: In terms of prices, the control premium on the waist products in 2023 was beginning to show off, and the cellars maintained good performance. 2. Other alcohols: the product is at the heart of the headlines, the current headlines are growing steadily, and we believe that the product structure has been gradually upgraded and the production is profitable: with the price increases at the bottom of the table in 2023, the industry space has been further opened up with the 1,000-dollar price belt, and companies keep up with the price increases.
Relative valuation: compared to the listed company Kuotai in Guizhou, 5 grain fluids, 2024e wine in Shanxi, an average of 22.75 per cent and 18.21 per cent in companies, which is lower than the average for industry.1 Macroeconomic growth is not as high as expected: the white wine industry is more affected by macroeconomics, if economic growth is not as high as expected.
As a result, consumers will reduce the consumption of white wine and ultimately affect corporate income.2 The risks of policy regulation: successive consumption taxes in the white wine industry and the “three public consumption” policy of 2013 have had a certain impact on the industry, which may still have a significant impact if the country were to put in place relevant controls on white wine in the future.
3. The risk that production will not increase as quickly as expected: the company is in the process of building technological change, which, if not as fast as expected, can have an impact on the future performance of the company.4 The risk of stock backlogs: if the company ' s inventory is too high to be rapidly digested, it may be priced for the company ' s products
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and their presentation in an independent and objective manner.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.