In the Ninder era, rock chassis was released, the car market was broken, and on 31st of 2024, the incident occurred: in the Ninder era, the skateboard chassis was released, and the smart chassis was integrated through the ciic.
Ctc technological innovation to make 120 km/face impact non-exploitable, unfired, significantly enhances the safety of the chassis from the architecture, and fully supports 5c supercharges. The rock chassis has now completed winter and summer measurements, is expected to start with Avita, and the company is expected to produce production in 24 years.
From the battery design, the generation solves the maximum power consumption, fast charge and safety problems, and takes the lead in landings, using cars, opening the skateboard chassis application space.
There are two main cores: 1) the battery plant dominates the "buildaroundbattyy", the cell is the core of the entire chassis structure, the battery energy chamber and battery package parts are the core of the chassis, and more mechanical structure-related functions are carried on; 2) the body decoupling can be independently developed and developed.
The supply of standardized products reduces the cost of vehicle development and is expected to break through the vehicle market for cross-border players or smaller car companies. When integrated smart chassis becomes a standardized, platformed component, multiple car types, etc.
Car companies share the cost of chassis research and development; in the Ninder era, small-scale or start-up electric transformations can be profitable by using low-cost, short-cycle skateboard chassis. Or, for cross-border car-making players, skateboard chassis can make up for business.
Industry R & D, manufacturing short panels, cross-border players who focus on consumer attributes, such as intellectuals, shapes, etc. The design will further improve performance and optimize client experience. 1) Energy efficiency: the starting point of the company is the efficiency of the focus cell, power drive, power control, each link will be the chassis.
The design of the "tri-electrical connection" and the development of integrated thermal management systems centred on multiple heat pumps will help to reduce the power consumption of the entire vehicle, improve the maintenance of the whole vehicle with low temperature, improve the retention of long-duration power cell systems, etc., and address user anxiety.) Increased group efficiency: the body of ctc technology.
The build-up group is more efficient than ctp, and is expected to rise to 75%+, with an increase of more than 10% compared to the traditional battery bag. 3) Increased safety: Np design is achieved on the skateboard chassis, batteries are not burned, and the chassis supports the cncap five-star collision requirement, and body collision energy absorbs more than
"Ninger Times" (300,750): 2023 Annual Report.
Power and engineering capabilities open up the space for future growth. We maintain 24-26 years of net profit returns.
The three major financial forecasting tables of the Ningde era, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.