During the Ninder era (300,750.sz) the motorcade team outperformed, profitable and cash-flowed.
On April 15, the company published a 24q1 quarterly report. 24q1 company generated $798 billion, an increase of $1 per year, and a strong profit-making capacity. 1) Volume: Company 24q1 projected 1.
2. Ningde Times Corporate Review: Performance Increases Same Time, Profit Keeping Resilient, 10.8% cost, Ring +1.7 pct (primarily due to Management, Financial Rate Increases), Net Motherland 3. Ningde Times Corporate Review: Performance Matches Expectations, New Technologies Exploited,
Qualitative Insurance & Remunerative Pensions: The projected liability is 57.3 billion yuan, compared to 23 years late + 5.7 billion yuan, which is guaranteed at 1.34.5 per cent a year, of which 1.82 billion yuan is subsidized, while the value added tax plus offset contribution of advanced manufacturing enterprises is greater.
2. Inventory continues to improve and cash flow continues to increase. 1) Inventory: due to the optimization of inventory management in the company ' s vmi system, the company ' s inventory at the end of 2401 was approximately $44 billion, which is a positive contribution compared to the 23-year period when inventory management was optimized and raw material purchase prices went down.
Global share rises, new technologies and new models strengthen competitiveness. For share, 23 homo + 4 pct; for new technology, radon 50 batteries in the idealmega, orgine batteries full-time small ricesu7pro, and the SPC system solves storage pains;
On the scene, the development of solid/semi-stabilized cells in aircraft, robots, etc. is continuously being promoted, and condensed cells are expected to take the lead in applying the vehicle scene; on the new model, the Catl inside model is being promoted to build the minds of consumer users.
Profit predictions, valuations and ratings The company brings a powerful moat for global power and storage battery taps, long-term high-intensity R & D and industrial chain integration. The power of the batteries and the storage energy track are currently developing at a very high rate.
Global sales of electric vehicles have fallen short of expectations, and global storage capacity has fallen short of expectations.