Twenty-four years of steady growth in profits, with the city holding the lead in terms of share (300,750.sz) in the Ningde era net profit of $10.51 billion, yoy+7 per cent; net profit from non-return to the mother of $9,247 million.
According to data from China’s Automotive Battery Industry, in January-March 2024, the company’s battery load was 41.31gwh, or 48.93% of the vehicle load; the trio battery was 20.36gwh.
The ratio was 67.67%, with 20.95gwh, or 38.57%, in phosphate lithium batteries. On a global scale, according to sneresearch data, 51.5gwh, yoy+60.6% in January of 24th year, the number of vehicles installed in the global tram continued to be around 40%.
The company's product leads the industry, and profits continue to improve in reverse. The company's q1 Māori rate for 24 years was a few of its research assistants in a new electric industry who thought it was mainly the research and development capabilities of the company's leading market and competitive products.
In 2023, the public sector continued to invest more, producing 552 gwh and adding 100 gwh to its construction capacity.
With 389gwh, 70.5% of production capacity. The company has acquired a new location for batteries for many of its overseas owners, and has been involved in the largest intercontinental energy storage projects. The expansion of overseas clients and storage capacity is expected to increase its productivity.
Risk factors: the need for new energy vehicles does not match the expected risks; the risk of changes in lithium battery technology; the risk of higher than anticipated fluctuations in material prices; and the risk of environmental protection and safe production.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Three. Research focus industry and share excavations. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for research in the photovoltaic industry. A former assistant in research in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Finance, University of Nakayama, 2022
Sun Sun, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, with responsibility for research in the robotics, industrial controls and chargers industry.
Wang Jilin, Research Assistant for the New Energy Sector in Electrical Equipment, Master of Finance, University of Kwandan, 1 year of experience in industry studies, joined the Sinda Securities Research Institute in 2023 to study the wind and nuclear power industries. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.