Battery output and net profits have been growing.
The output and net profit of the 2024q1 battery continued to grow. The company collected $79,771 million in the first quarter of 2024, a decrease of 10.41 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit was $10.51 billion, an increase of 7 per cent in the same year.
The decline was mainly due to lower raw material costs and a corresponding decline in battery prices. The cost of R & D was 43.4. The profitability of battery units remained stable and the cash flow continued to be strong. The company ' s Māori rate for the first quarter of the year was 15 April 2024.
The net cash flow from operating activities is $28,358 million, a year-on-year increase. Stock management continues to be optimized, stock turnover increases and capacity utilization increases.
Inventory turnover, optimization of inventory management, slight decline at the end of the quarter compared to the end of the previous year, stock turnover 1.31 times higher than in the same year. The stock balance fell further to $43.98 billion at the end of the quarter, a decrease of $1.46 billion compared to the end of the previous year.
For billions of dollars, the ring ratio has increased, mainly through the construction of a battery production base, and companies will focus their future efforts on overseas projects, and the pace of expansion of domestic production capacity will slow down. Production performance will be higher in one quarter than the multi-formule product matrix, the resonance of domestic and foreign markets, and the global flagship position.
The company’s global power cell taps have been further consolidated with the production of americium batteries, m3p batteries, and autoclave supercharged batteries. According to Sne, the company’s global power cell export market in January-February 2024 was 38.4%.
Upgrade 4.8 pct. According to the Power Battery Union data, 48.93% of the company’s domestic power cell load was in the market in January-March 2024, an increase of 4 pcc. In storage capacity, companies insist on a quality-based approach, with full life-cycle cost competitiveness and quality competitiveness.
Long-term certainty, with firms relying on technological advantages and diversified product layouts, global market dominance is steadily raising the risk of increased competition; and the risk of large fluctuations in raw material prices. Note: “market indexes” of this rating system,a shares refer to a depth of 300 indexes; the new three-board reference points are three-stringed.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.