On April 24, 2024, the power of the capital was over-expected.
Chen Xiaoxia has bargaining power in the industrial chain and has sufficient cash flows, with companies holding monetary funds in the order of $28.86 billion at the end of the quarter; net operating cash flows amount to $28.4 billion, an increase of 35 per cent over the same period.
According to Sne, the company ' s battery load in January-February of 24 years reached 35.5gwh, an increase of 44.9% in the same year, and the city ' s share reached 38.4%, while the overseas market company ' s battery q1 Ningde achieved about 95gwh, a 35% increase in the same year.
The company has a clear competitive advantage in a context of intense competition in the industry, where the company ' s battery products have been carried on board in a recent multi-channel model, and the industry is moving steadily forward: the company uses the technology authorization model with Ford, Tesla,
Major plants such as Generalized have started initial cooperation, mainly in the construction of battery plants, their involvement in their preparation and operation, and their licensing of battery patents. German plants are able to climb rapidly, and are expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses over 24 years. Companies are looking at global electric trends, with a new generation of electricity.
Drive-type discharges, increased product competitiveness, new energy vehicle market demand from overseas will be further enhanced with zero annual power and capacity decline, lithium battery life leading to 15,000 laboratory cycles while reducing land area, increasing energy density per unit area, taking into account safety and efficiency, and eventually increasing
The company has a limited investment in storage, and is constantly doing large-scale industry.
Hong Kong's central settlement is limited.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is prepared by Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai I”) for general review by institutional investors only.
No material, content or hard copy shall be copied, reproduced, quoted, altered, transferred, transmitted or distributed to any other person in any way. The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided for your information only, and do not constitute an offer or offer to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments, or an offer or offer thereof. You may not rely on anything in this report for any investment decision.
You shall make your own independent investment decisions, taking into account, inter alia, your own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax status. Sex or correctness does not make any explicit or implied statement or assurance.