Performance is over-expected, new technologies are landing at an accelerated pace, and the vanguard is gaining ground. The German-era market share of global power cell use is 38.4%, and it continues to rise steadily.
According to data, in January-March 2024, Ningde’s share of the domestic power cell market was 48.9%, up from 4 percentage points with Piti. Technology leadership and price advantage clearly contributed to further corporate penetration, leading the way.
Jubiño, with technology, good demand prospects, diversified client base, high entry barriers, and recognition of prudent financial policies, raised the Ningde master ratings from Baa1 up to a3.
In June, Fitch moved the long-term foreign currency issuer’s default rating from ‘bbb+’ up to ‘a-’, and the issuer’s default rating was stable. This was the first time that the Ninder era had won the King’s first such rating.
In China, only a small number of firms received similar ratings. The Moody rating was raised, revealing to some extent the international rating agency’s full recognition of Ningde’s creditworthiness.
Li Xiaojun Won, the price of raw materials needed for R & D has fallen, the overall cost has fallen slightly, and the company attaches great importance to R & D, which will continue to increase its R & D input, plus the amount of its R & D effort.
Research assistant Kiyoshi, Misu7pro and max.
It is expected to bring further growth to the company's output; on 9 April, the 2024 Ningde-era Energy Repository Conference was held, and the Ningde-era new storage system, Ningde-era, was launched. Sky is the standard 20-foot container-based storage system, with zero capacity and power loss for the first five years, allowing the core to freeze.
Age, which effectively reduces operating costs by providing clients with more value-for-money products over the life cycle, leading to a significant increase in the life cycle of irr. Investment proposal: Considering the strong corporate profitability and the consolidation of the vanguard position, we have moved up 24-26 years.
Yearly review of the Ningde era (300,750.sz): strong profitability, rising urban dominance and a clear competitive advantage - 2. Performance forecast for 2023 for the Ningde era (300,750.sz)
3. 3-quarterly edition of the Ningde era (300,750.sz) 2023 Review: synchronized growth in performance and continued strong profitability; 202 4. Biannual edition of the Ningde era (300,750.sz) 2023
5. The methodological and analytical logic that led to the conclusions of the first quarter of 2023 in the Ningde era (300,750.sz) and the independent and objective presentation of the present report, as well as accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.