The Ningde era (300,750): 2024q1 is better off than expected, the industry is better off, the industry is stronger, the sails are stronger, and innovation is being introduced, and the storage product matrix is being perfected. On April 9, the company launched its new storage product, "Simple."
Integrated energy performance is excellent: 1) global priority energy storage products at 6.25 mwh capacity level: use of standard 20-foot set of boxed energy systems, high energy density of 430 wh/l, 6.25 mw level, 30 per cent increase in unit energy density and 20 per cent reduction in total surface area; 2) zero decay for 5 years: use of imitation sei
Imbrane and self-assembled electrolyte technologies that effectively guarantee zero decay in power and capacity of the system; 3) multidimensional security: the system sets different safety objectives based on different scenarios and constructs a dedicated quality management system for storage. > Lithium battery loads have increased on average and the global tap is strong. According to sneresearch data, January-February 2024.
The battery load was 35.5gwh, an increase of 44.9% in the same year, and the city's share was 38.4% in the same year, with a firm global leader of 4.8 pct. As of March 2024, the company had a domestic power battery load of 41.31gwh, with a city rate of 48.93%. It is expected that in 2024, the company's lithium battery will be delivered more than 480gwh, further consolidating the company's leadership.
>Multi-cell products are produced in real estate. The company ' s God-made batteries are located in the area of Misu 7, with a capacity of 350 km in 15 minutes. For the first time in the industry, it continues to operate 830 km of lithium phosphate batteries. The company collaborates with ideal cars to produce a peak of 5c of fast-loaded americium batteries and uses them in the Mega model. The company and Avita launch a rock chassis to absorb more than 80% of vehicle-type collision energy.
The front 120km/h crashes unfired and non-explosionable, while the rock fully supports 5c fast-filled technology. High scores highlight corporate power - The Ninder Age (300,750): q1 performed well.
New technologies are expected to create new barriers - company Janes, Corporate Briefs: The Ninder Age (300,750): significant gains in unit profitability, lithium tap status
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.