The seafood industry (603288) food and beverages are under constant pressure, and the product channel is long-term to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incidents: Three-quarterly reports from the seafood industry in 2022, yielding $19.9 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 6.1 per cent; net profit of $4.67 billion for mothers, a decrease of 0.9 per cent in the same year; withholding of non-net profit of $4.5 billion, with repeated stress from the epidemic, and increasing the volume of new products.
Logistics in some areas is hampered, overall demand is weak, and performance is lower than expected. But revenue from other products increased by 31.5 per cent in the first three quarters of the same year, by 16.2 per cent in the first quarter of the same period, and companies added zero new products and vinegar and alcohol to the stock stream in a step-by-step manner and continued to do so.
Online channels grew by 87.5%, mainly as a result of the expansion of new retail channels, such as community group purchasing, and the epidemic’s stimulus to household spending. For the subregion, thanks to the expansion of channels, the previous three quarters of eastern/south/central/equilibrium.
A net decrease of 277 to 7153, as a result of which spot prices, such as soybean, white sugar and pet packages, continued to rise.) The ratio of sales/management/R & D/financial costs of 2022q3 was equal to that of 2022q3.
The product pattern continues to improve, and the channels facilitate accelerated growth. The public continues to accelerate the recognition of high-quality products, medium- and low-end brands are expected to accelerate the elucidation process, and the sea weather industry is expected to benefit from improved industry patterns and product structure upgrades to accelerate the growth of the market’s share.
New products + vinegar/barbs are gradually integrated into stock channels, continue to be released, and accelerate the seizure of agricultural and rural markets. On the other hand, the core distributor model, which began in late q3 in 2021, has been reformed to focus core monoliths and marketing resources on major distributors, further squeezing the survival of other brands at the end with the power of major distributors.
In the meantime, it is expected to accelerate the delivery of the demand left behind by obsolete firms, with a better medium- and long-term pattern. Seafood (603288): q2 income over-expected and product expansion continuing (2022-08-30)
Sea weather industry (603288): q4 is over-expected and the appetizers are overstretched (2022-03-28) 3. Sea weather industry (603288): revenue is still under pressure, quiet
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.