Accelerating product extension, enhanced channel advantage 22q3 sub-species continue to boost camp harvests, but the overall performance is not as high as expected. By subspecies, 22q3 soy sauce/false sauce/sale oil/other increases are -8.1 %/4.4 %/-
Other items, such as vinegar and material, continue to be released and boost the overall growth rate. Sub-channels show an increase of -5.4 per cent/46.3 per cent, respectively, in revenues below the 2203 line and on-line channels. Companies are actively developing new retail channels and rising on-line revenues. Sub-regionally, Eastern/South/Central/North/East/South.
In the third quarter alone, sales costs were 5.9%, a decrease of 0.8 percentage points, mainly due to lower cost inputs during the epidemic.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company will continue to enhance competitiveness in the \triangleright class as small items such as vinegar and alcohol continue to be released.
In terms of channels, in the face of an unfavourable environment, companies actively explore new models to deepen the construction of new retail channels. We believe that sea weather has an advantage of scale, coupled with strong channels and risk factors: higher prices of raw materials are higher than expected; industry competition increases; and the epidemic repeats itself.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In 2015, I entered the country with sales + research experience, and in 2020, I joined the Sindas to form a food and beverage team. The research focused on breaking through the industry and the shares, and focused on valuation and safety marginal thinking.
Quote: Food and drink research. You don't know anything, you're deep, you're slow. A solid industry study of temperature, you try to create value for investors in combination with stock understanding. Lou Qing Fong, Master of Arts, two years of food and beverage research, two years of bond research.
Processing foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-chefs, up-to-date foods), spices (acquainted with seafood, millet food, culinary foods, seafood, seafood, etc.), Lélié, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics, Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Food (in-depth study of odious foods, perchance ducks, glory, saline shops, glycerine foods, etc.), white wine in the Anhui region (known as Guai wines, wines to drive) etc. Jo Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, 2 years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, followed by two years of research and development and operation in Saputu, a milk giant, and one year of food and beverage research experience.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.