External pressure continues and consumption is expected to recover. Seafood (603288.sh) 28 October 2022
• Three-quarter performances in line with expectations, long-term interest in corporate development, three-quarter reports in 2022 published by the seafood industry, with $19.9 billion in 2022q1-q3 battalion, an increase of 6.1 per cent; net return of $4.67 billion, a decrease of 0.9 per cent, a decrease of $5.56 billion in 2022q3 battalion, a decrease of 1.8 per cent; net return of mothers
• External pressure overlaps with de-stocking, with a slight decline in three-quarter harvests and a 1.8 per cent drop in the third-quarter harvest of the seafood industry, owing to: a contraction in the overall need for the appetizers affected by the epidemic; and a stronger recovery from the company at the end of 2022q2, with a higher stock than q3.
The impact of the epidemic on the east and south of the region is 7.6% and 6.7%, respectively, which is more than delayed. The cumulative 68% of the total number of missions completed in the last three quarters is slightly lower than expected. The food additive incident in early October was slightly disturbing the short-term demand for ka channels, with little long-term impact.
In view of the contraction in demand in the industry, a higher number of places is expected to rise throughout the year. 3-quarter sales rates are down by 0.8 pct; management and financial rates are +0.5 pct and -0.1 pct, respectively, and the overall rate has not changed much under firm strict management. Cost pressures are expected to decrease over the 2023 outlook.
Two major dilemmas facing the company are the decline in demand for the impact of the epidemic; and the high stock of channels, distribution interests and the recovery of corporate information update reports.
In response to this situation, the manufacturers have also made positive adjustments to speed up the deployment of new retail outlets and to speed up market transformation, while working actively with large firms to achieve strong union among manufacturers. Zero-added sauce has been added to the new product.
After the market has been laid, there is a promising future for the future; food and oil products have also been introduced to the market, which will build new growth points for the future. The seafood industry is under pressure to focus more on the strengthening of competitive power and to prepare for a recovery in consumption.