Dexahway computer, revenue profits are increasing at the same time, and domain control points continue to land at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2022, when H1 achieved an increase of $6.41 billion, or 56.9 per cent, and the mother's net profit of $520 million, or 41 per cent. Of this, q2 achieved an increase of $3.27 billion, or 60 per cent, in the first quarter of the year; and the mother's net profit of $200 million, or 43.8 per cent, in the same year.
In the first half of 2022, companies realized higher earnings than in the second half of the year, influenced by adverse factors such as the epidemic and the rise in the price of raw materials, with the smart cabin industry setting sales costs at 1.8%, management costs at 2.4%, financial costs at 0.2%, and research and development inputs.
With the rapid growth in the value of the company's smart driver and smart cabin product, the speed with which the new project has been going up the slopes and the high growth in the company's performance. With regard to the smart cabin product, the output of the company's third-generation cabin control and the 4k-high-screen is rapidly climbing.
The 4th-generation module, based on high-tone dragons, is also under continuous development and has been ordered by clients. With regard to web-based service products, corporate ota and software service platforms have been further updated, and uwb intelligence has entered the product.
• High-level smart-driving domain control into the mass-upgrading period, aurora achieving a central-calculation breakthrough. 2022H1 company adas product sales have continued to increase, high- and low-speed integration assistive driving systems are about to be produced, and high-level auto-driving domain controllers have accumulated more than 10 mainstream cars.
One generation of icp products, aurora, goes further than ipu03 and 04, and is the first-ever Chinese computer-car-borne smart platform in the industry. The aurora platform can achieve a variety of smart functions, such as 2,000 tops, combined intelligence, smart driving, and network services.
1. Desaichevy (002920). Smart driving performance has increased, with 12 billion orders re-innovated (2022-04-17) and strategic cooperation agreements between the two sides will deepen their cooperation in the field of domain controllers and will jointly build a central computing product.
Desaichevy (002920); q3 return to growth in profits, default price increases do not change the trend towards smartness; intelligent driving surges (2021-08-24)
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.