In the first half of 2022, the company became operational.
With 40.96 per cent increase in the same year, $497 million net profit from shareholders who were not subsequently part of the parent company, the effect of the scale of the pole product is becoming more and more evident.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was $521 million, or 40.96 per cent. 2022q2, the company achieved an operating income of $3.266 billion for the single season, or $60.00 per cent, and 3.96 per cent for the ring;
Smart driving, smart seating, cabin products based on the company’s pre-existing customer base and accumulation of research and development, product performance and brand image, and market recognition have risen, bringing about a rapid increase in product size and vehicle value.
In 2022h1, the company increased its reputation in the market for high-technology products and demonstrated operational synergies in smart cabins, smart driving, web-based services and three other major operations, respectively. (ii) Smart driving products have improved performance, expanded customers, and three-fold productivity uphill benefits,
In the first half of 2022, the company spent $649 million on research and development (R & D), +66.35 per cent more than revenues, and 10.12 per cent more on R & D (R & D) as a share of operating income (+0.57 ptt).
The Division continues to strengthen its intellectual driving leadership, and the landed product is entering its capacity release period, with a technologically advanced forward-looking product about to be delivered. Of this, fully automated parking, 360 degrees of high clairvoyant, and a relatively deep 300-degree picture.
At the same time, the sales of adas products continue to increase; Automated Driving Support Systems (AADs), which are oriented towards a larger market space, based on full technological advantages and integrate high- and low-speed scenarios, are about to produce in volume; and Advanced Automated Driving Area Control (AAD) products, which can achieve higher-level functions, have accumulated more than 10 project locations for mainstream cars.
And it's already in the production-scale climb phase; the new generation of the Car-Intelligent Central Computing Platform has made rapid progress in research and development; (iii) Māori rates have recovered steadily, and lower sales costs have increased corporate market voice. In the first half of 2022, Māori sales were 23.98 per cent, and the ring was 0.02 pct higher than in the first quarter of the year.
At 0.9 pct, the chip shortage eases the competitiveness of the company ' s products and the Māori rate is entering a steady recovery phase. The company ' s sales cost rate is 1.78%, 1.00 pct less than the corresponding rate, highlighting the reputation of the company ' s products, and overall upgrading to the firm ' s good results at the cost end. The management cost rate is 2.44%, lower than the same rate.
The risk of production bottlenecks, the risk of rising prices of raw materials; the risk that car sales will fall short of expectations The present report is presented independently and objectively with a diligent and professional attitude. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.
The Institute is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.