0029220.sz) Reverse growth is strong, followed by growth in the next two quarters without fear of the outbreak, and performance continues to increase.
Collections have continued to increase in size. In a single quarter, under pressure from the automobile industry chain to limit supply and demand due to the impact of the epidemic, companies achieved an increase of $60.00 per cent in operating income for 22q2 and a 43.78 per cent increase in net repatriation profits for the same period, with a further increase of 22q1.
Intelligent class business has grown by 5.544 billion yuan, or 81 per cent, and the Māori rate has fallen by 3.82 percentage points to 21.57 per cent, mainly because of the price increase in chips. The company's second generation airspace controller has been scaled up and produced in the third generation.
Intelligent cabin controllers, 4k high screens, etc., are rapidly climbing, and the fourth generation of smart cabin products, based on high-access 8295, are being developed closely and have been ordered by clients. Intelligent driving has increased prices, ipu04 is being scaled up.
As a result of high-value products. Company-wide automatic parking, 360-degree high clairvoyant, etc., adas product continues to increase: autopilot support systems based on full technological advantage and integration of high- and low-speed scenarios are about to be produced; advanced autopilot control products that can achieve higher-level functions
Quiet ipu04 has accumulated project fixes for more than 10 mainstream car companies and has entered a mass-scale climb;
Māori fluctuations are expected to return to higher levels, with high R & D investments to strengthen the market position.
23.98%, with a reduction of 0.90 percentage points, we judge that, as high-value products grow in volume, there is hope to support the recovery of the Māori rate. Companies have consistently maintained high levels of R & D investment, enabling them to lead the domestic market in terms of technology, quality, scale applications, etc., with R & D investment of 22h1 increasing by 57.48% to $614 million on a year-on-year basis.
Investment advice: maintain a buy-in rating. The company is well placed to take business opportunities through horizontal outreach to clients and deeper vertical cooperation. As multi-product lines enter the release period and the car landscape continues to move up, we still value the company's investment and maintain a buy-in rating.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the provision of information on portfolio investment by the institution that has acquired the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants for the benefit of equity investors or customers.
Activities that analyse, predict or recommend, and charge directly or indirectly for services, using data derived from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, which is clearly and accurately reflected in the present report and seeks to be independent, objective and objective.