On 18/08/2022, performance grew rapidly, and the labels fell to scale.
During the first half of the year, operating income grew by 56.93 per cent over the same year and net profit by 40.96 per cent over the same year.
a Total stock stock (millions): The high growth was mainly due to the company's smart driving products, the size of its smart cabin operations, the cost of its vehicle allocation, the continued high level of investment in research and development, and the wide recognition of new products such as smart driving, smart cabins, etc.
At the same time as business is growing rapidly, companies are determined to promote excellence in organizational management, technology R & D, customer services, etc., and to create innovative organizations that are more competitive and adaptable. In the first half of the year, corporate sales, management, R & D costs increased by $114 million, $156 million, and 649 million, respectively.
Research and development of new products, rapid innovation, wide recognition of new products such as smart drivers, smart pods, etc., lead the domestic market in terms of technology, quality, and scale applications.
Towards a client-oriented strategic renewal and overall optimization of organizational operations, guided by a strategic approach, with a view to facilitating client reporting points: rapid performance growth, clear advantages of intelligent driving, further reform of services, supply security, quality management, R & D systems, strengthening R & D capabilities, etc.
Proposing capacity, service capacity, delivery capacity, etc., working with clients to achieve strategic mobility change goals.
During the first half of the year, a series of company pole products were scaled up: fully automated parking, 360 degrees of high-level clean-link reporting: smart cockpit, hugging smart driving, sustained upscaling of adas products, etc.; more large-scale market space, based on full-scale technological excellence
Automated Driving Auxiliary System (AADS), which integrates high and low speed scenes, is about to be produced: the Automated Advanced Driving Area Control product, which achieves a higher level of functionality, has accumulated more than 10 project sites for mainstream companies, the army and the army.
(b) Third-generation smart seat area controllers, 4k high screens, etc., are rapidly climbing, fourth-generation smart and capable cabin products are being developed closely and have been ordered by clients; and the Ota service platform and software services are being provided.
The product continues to evolve, and the uwb-based smart entry product has been ordered by its clients.
In the context of the major changes in the automobile industry, there is considerable scope for companies to grow. Given the risks of repeated outbreaks of new coronary pneumonia in the first half of the year, the risks of changes in the macroeconomic environment and industry, the risks of loss of human resources: the risks of technological research and development: the risks of increased competition in the market.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.