In the second half of the year, a high-cost, smart-drive-controlled release was released on August 18, with $6.4 billion in revenue in the first half of 2022, which was higher than in the first half of the year, and rapid growth in smart cabins and smart drivers. In the first half of the year, $5.24 billion was higher than in the second half.
A total of 57 per cent, mainly third-generation smart space controllers, 4k high-screen fast-disbursing cabin products 1. Auto-smart taps, with new orders entering faster; Māori 21.8 per cent, a 3.8 pcc decrease from the previous year, mainly due to increased competition, accounting calibre adjustments, etc.
As a result, smart driving earned $860 million, an increase of 51 per cent in the same year, mainly in fields such as ipu01-ipu03 2. Q3 earned significantly better than industry, as a result of higher sales of smart drivers and cockpit controllers; the Māori rate was 23.2 per cent, an increase of 4.1 pct in the same year, mainly in domain control.
q2 Disturbed by R & D costs, Smart Driving Performance
Restricted equity incentive costs affect net interest rates, and there has been a significant increase in the stock stock available for the purchase of orders. The corporate net return rate of 8.1% in the first half of the year was 0.9 pct less in the same year, mainly due to the cost of restrictive equity incentives (totalling $68 million, affecting 0.9 pct), excluding this factor, with the net interest rate almost equal to the same period last year.
In the second half of the year, higher unit prices were released in ipu04, and the rate of growth in smart driving income increased further. The market for car smart driving chips was strong, with $11 billion in hand orders over the next six years, and companies were home-grown.
Tier 1, the best-beneficiary auto-drive chip, the company's ipu04 product based on the Ivedarin chip has accumulated over 10 mainstream car companies with a high unit price (estimated at about 15,000), accompanied by the next six months of ideal, upper-gas, and the company's intelligence.
Qiu Wei Wei, Wang Xing Wen
Accompanied model sales are below expectations; competition from technology giants; and chip supply is improving below expectations.