On August 18, the company published its semi-annual report, and in 2022, H1 collected $6,407 million.
The company has maintained high performance due to the impact of the epidemic, the shortage of chips and the rise in the price of raw materials.
A rapid upswing of sales and transformation of R & D results. Continuous expansion of management teams to strengthen R & D inputs and build core competitive advantages. On three costs, companies have a sales cost of 1.78 per cent, compared to 1.00 pt; management cost of 2.44 per cent, compared to 0.16 pt;
Using the same ratio +47.27 per cent, but with a slight decrease in management rates, a 10 per cent recovery in R & D costs, a sustained increase in team building, increased R & D inputs, and the creation of barriers to competition for core technologies, it is hoped that the performance of R & D outcomes will continue to improve.
Smart class business, mature products climbing up the slope, new products accelerating development; smart driving business, second-growth curve clear. 1) Smart class business: Business size continues to grow, corporate mature product third-generation smart space controllers, central controls, etc. accelerates as smart class penetration increases: with:
Improved access to the fourth generation of class products has been closely developed, and client orders have been obtained: Ota service platform and software service products have continued to overlap, and uwb-based smart access products have been ordered by clients. 2) Smart driving: Māori, plate collection has continued to increase, fully automated parking, 360 degrees high clearance
Automated driving support system that integrates high- and low-speed scenarios will produce in volume, with a clear second-growth curve. Working together, co-opting talent, resources, technology, and promoting the upgrading of domain-controlled products to “central computing.”
1) Existing domain control products have entered the QE phase: the company's high-level functional autopilot controllers The product has been targeted by new car-making forces such as ideal cars, pelican cars, and by more than 10 car companies, such as mainstream traditional car companies.
In April, the company released its first-carable central computing platform, ipaurora, which is based on the virtualization of hardware, a significant increase in arithmetic and artificial intelligence technology.
Itd output and interior sensor control, autopilot, gateways, vcu, car body control, etc. are integrated in Central Bank building, 9th House of the City of Beijing West Side Street.
On 11 August, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Chang-Ang vehicle, which will be directed towards central computer product development and capacity-building.
Integrating the strengths of both sides and promoting the release of the products in question. Profit forecasting and investment advice: the company is the leader of the smart cabin industry, working together as the British Weldatier 1 \triangleright
One of the partners is expected to enjoy a high-growth track dividend in the smart cabin with a pre-emptive advantage; high-quality, high-ordering clients, including new forces, domestic ownership, the European-American system and the Japanese-car company, with new project orders of over $12 billion throughout the year, breaking the record; central computing platform rate
Risk factors: price fluctuations in raw materials, less than anticipated epidemic mitigation, less than expected sales of supporting vehicles \triangleright Figure 2: Net profit from the company ' s calendar year / year-on-year increase
Figure 3: Quarterly Corporate Income / Year-on-Year Growth Figure 4: Quarterly Mother & Year-on-Year Net Profits / Year-on-Year Growth Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rate & Net Interest Rate for Companies
Figure 6: Corporate quarterly fee rates 4 core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Automobile chain coverage, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc.
Cao Zijie, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering, among other things, smart cars, car networks, and new developments in car construction, has not been and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.