The second half of the year 2022 was a year of high growth over the same year, the research assistant Tan Qing’s announcement: the company issued its semi-annual performance report for 2022 at a higher end than we expected.
The profit end was slightly lower than we expected, with operating income of $6.407 billion achieved by H1 in 2022, out of which net profit earned by the mother was $521 million, of which q2 realized net profit earned by the mother was $203 million, driven by new clients plus new projects, and business growth was synchronized.
The business generated $5.24 billion, compared to 57.1 per cent, and the smart driving business generated 860 million.
P7/p5 achieved a total production of 63,000 vehicles, or +20.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, benefiting from the rapid upswing of core vehicle-type discharges + new passenger households/new projects, with company operations growing at the same rate.  Sustained high-level technological inputs, auto-driving scale applications leading the domestic market, smart cabin industry
The company has consistently maintained a high level of R & D investment, which in 2022 h1 was invested in R & D costs of $650 million, or 65.5 per cent of the year. Leading the domestic market in terms of technology, quality, and so on. Benefiting from the advantage of size, the company ' s smart driving industry achieved a M & A rate of 23.16 per cent, compared with 4.11 pt.
The acquisition of chips in smart cabin operations is settled through the United States dollar, and the devaluation of the renminbi affects the company's cabin operations At the cost end, leading to a Māori rate of 21.57 per cent for smart cabin operations, compared to 3.82 pt.  High-level Driving Area Control product acquired multiple vehicle fixes and a new generation of central computing units accelerated
R & D. 1) Smart driving: Automated Driving Auxiliary System, based on full technological advantage and integration of high- and low-speed scenes, is about to be produced, with advanced autopilot controls capable of achieving higher-level functions.
During the slope period, the development of a new generation of CICA platform has progressed rapidly. 2) Smart Classes: Q1 Performance Super-expected. 3-generation smart-space controllers, 4-k high screens, 4-generation class products have climbed rapidly, 4-generation
Smart cabin products are being developed closely and client orders have been obtained.
Three major financial forecasts for Desai Weiwei have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and have been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.