The three major players have gone hand in hand and performed well.
This represents an increase of 56.93 per cent; a net return of 521 million yuan, an increase of 40.96 per cent over the same period; and a combination of three major industries, leading the market in the area of motor smart networks: companies in the first half of 2022 showed a relative depth of 300 indexes.
The rapid growth in the size of the business of the cabin product, the value of the vehicle allocation, and the rapid upturn in sales after new customers, new projects, of which q2 realized business income of $3.266 billion, compared to the increase in the business of the ring, the smart cabin operation achieved $5,244 million, a 57.11 per cent increase in gross.
Interest rate of 21.57 per cent, a decline of 3.82 pct over the same period; smart driving, with a yield of $863 million, has a leading advantage, with intelligent driving having full-scale self-research solutions ranging from sensors to smart-driving domain controllers and associated algorithms to intelligent driving systems, with an emphasis on core technology development.
In the first half of 2022, R&D invested $649 million, an increase of 57.48% over the same period, representing over $12 billion in revenue collection, and will continue to benefit from the future development of car smart networks. The pole products have been scaled up to contribute to the performance growth point: the company's deep-farmed car smartness net.
In the joint area, with regard to smart cabins, the second generation of airspace controllers has been scaled up, the third generation of cabin products has been secured by projects of multiple master brand clients, such as the Great Wall, the Hiroshima Eyan, the Chirre, the ideal car, and the fourth generation of smart cabin systems developed in conjunction with the Hightower.
(b) In the case of smart driving, a new generation of lightweight smart driving platforms based on a series of British darin chips, combining high- and low-speed autopilot support features, has now gained a number of mainstream autonomys.
Project fixes for license plates and joint ventures, where the high-level autopilot domain controller product has accumulated project fixes over 10 mainstream vehicle enterprises and has entered the production-scale climbing period; and in the network service provider, Cho Chunlin
On the other hand, Uwb-based smart access product s02705180001 has been ordered by clients.
Good service orders in the three main industries and market edges in the smart network area, maintaining the “buy-in” assessment of risk factors: vehicle sales are below expectations, and smart network operations are not expanding as expected.