\triangleright revenue of $6.407 billion, an increase of 56.93 per cent in the same year; net return return profit of $521 million, an increase in the same year
q2 performance exceeded expectations. Two perspectives: 1) collection angle: \triangleright \triangleright 2.8 to 30 billion dollars. According to the Chinese Air Association data, 2022q2 of the country's vehicle fleet was produced in comparison to the previous year.
During the same period, the growth rate was only 2.96 per cent, and the growth in corporate incomes was significantly higher than the average in the car market. In absolute terms, the recovery also reached a historical peak; by comparison, the q2 was affected by the epidemic, among other things, resulting in a drop in the country ' s passenger vehicle production ring, which was 9.23 per cent higher than the 2022q1, while the growth in corporate income was significantly higher than the growth rate.
The industry average, reflecting a significant alpha attribute; 2) net interest rate perspective: 2022q2 net interest rate on sales, at the end of the story, the company ' s Māori sales rate remained at 24 per cent as a result of a global core deficit, a decline of only 0.79 pt; at the end of the scale, 2022q1 R&D investment amounted to $371 million, an increase of 62.72 per cent.
And on the basis of the continuation of the high input + core impact, the company is still able to maintain a relative stability of net interest rates, which is $5,244 million, an increase of 57.11 per cent over the same period. The main increases are judged to be due to an increase in the share of the capital plant, such as the upper mass, Toyota, and an increase in the value of client bicycles, such as Chang An and Chirre; and self-driving.
In operations, ipu01 has been scaled up and ipu02 has been set up, and at the end of the 21st year, it was confirmed that the Quarterly of 2022 (002920.sz) q1 was rated: two main reasons drive over-expected performance and look ahead for follow-up coverage
Current deliveries, ipu03 at p7, p5 large-scale deliveries, ipu04 have accumulated project fixes for more than 10 owners of optimistic 2022/04/17 drift-car companies and have entered the production-scale slope period. According to the Central Report, 2022h1 is from
The year 2021, De Cecives reported an income of $863 million, up 51.17 per cent from the year before. Looking ahead, we conclude that the cabin business will continue to grow significantly, with driving information showing the contribution of the business or will be relatively visible, while the third generation is wise.
The production of cabin products, such as cabin controllers, 4k high screens, has also increased rapidly, with the fourth generation of smart cabin products. 3. Desaiway's in-depth study: Autonomous intelligence products are also being developed closely and client orders have been obtained and, according to our projections, it is conservatively expected that the company will receive it throughout the year.
Entering or going to be more than $8 billion; and in self-driving, we expect a steady increase in ipu01, 4. Dessavit Deep Research: Auto-intelligence, ipu02/ipu03 may have made further breakthroughs and ipu04 is expected to deliver in bulk, according to us.
The network leads, three-wheel-drive gold opportunities, and 2021/11/projected conservatively expecting companies to earn more than $3 billion per year. Quarterly reviews: strong growth continued in the quarter and smart networks were connected.
A “recommended” rating is maintained because of the strong advantages of a smart cabin, smart-driving card; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.