We're working on a new model of smart car ecology, and we're working on research.
Xuxia: On July 4th, Desai Wei and his car entered into a comprehensive strategic partnership, each building on its technical and industrial resource advantages.
A full-scale, in-depth collaboration in the areas of smart pods, smart drivers, body bodies, software, services, etc., helps to upgrade the intelligent biosphere, working together to build a new symbiotic and win-win landscape of smart cars.
In the case of new products other than the owner's business, smart drivers, smart cabins, and car connections, smart and capable cabins, the second generation of the company's airspace controllers have been scaled up, and the third generation of cabin products has been identified by a multi-owned branding project; in the case of driving, the first generation of the company's high-calculation autopilot control platform has been supplied on a large scale on small pp7 and p5 and a new generation of high-capacity.
2) Client dimension, 2021, when the company received a new order for annualized sales of over $12 billion, an increase of more than 80% over the same year, a breakthrough in history, a rapid increase in orders for smart driving products, large screen cabin products, and smart space controllers. On July 4, 2022, Desai Wei and his car entered into a comprehensive strategic partnership to build a new symbiotic model of smart car ecology.
On 4 July, Desecway entered into a comprehensive strategic partnership with a car to build a new environment for a symbiotic and win-win smart car. On 4 July, Deseceway entered into a comprehensive strategic partnership with a car that would build on its technical and industrial resource advantages and provide a full range of in-depth cooperation around intelligent cabins, intelligent driving, body, software, services, etc.
In terms of symbiotic and co-winning smart car eco-systems, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Desaiwei signed a partnership agreement with the co-founder and co-founder of the Cheo-Jung, on behalf of the company, which, in accordance with the strategic terms of the partnership, will work together on the development of a smart car-based ecology. With regard to the cabin controller, Desai-Wei has fully developed his own technical advantages, and is responsible for hardware and architecture design, based on the latest Andre.
The system, which jointly develops the in-car information and entertainment system, reduces the start-up time by 80%. In addition, the 17.6 inches of co-operation with the two sides will be either the thinest 2.5k medium-control screen, or the largest vehicle-loading screen in the industry, with a thickness of only 12.6 mm, creating a more scientific sense and a lighter use experience for users.
At the recent Chongqing car exhibition, which showed the first time that they had a “driving door” of their “super-sense interactive cabin” technology, with four screens for interaction, covering the needs of cars, controls, entertainment, etc., perfect support for and expansion of smart-space applications to make them more intelligent for users.
Safe, more intelligent and entertaining cabins. In the future, the two sides will also work together in a spirit of shared resource, complementary advantage, collaborative win-win, development-for-promotion strategy, making full use of their respective leading advantages in smart car research, manufacturing, services and applications, and providing users with diversified intellectual mobility solutions.
Figure 1: Total strategic cooperation between Desaiway and which car, Figure 2: The 17.6 inch ultra thin 2.5k control screen, the fast-moving operation of the intelligent airspace controller, and the number of project fixes for autopilot domain controllers.
In 2021, the company ' s multiscreen integration of cabin products and its airspace controllers increased rapidly, the second generation of its airspace controllers were scaled up, and the third generation of its cargo was targeted for projects by a number of mainstream, autonomous brand clients, such as the Wall, the Wave Eyan, the Chirre, and the Ideal Cars. In addition, the company entered into a strategic partnership with Hightower Technology to build a fourth generation of Desai Weiwei ' s fourth generation intelligent, based on the fourth generation of dragons.
The system supports leading multiscreen connections, audio processing, ar, etc., and integrates multi-dimensional interactive models that provide users with rich immersion interactive experiences, as well as intelligent, scenario-based multi-model integration experiences, which will be an important platform for connecting passengers to vehicle intelligence. The company is committed to “provide a holistic solution for intelligent driving, from intelligent sensors to intelligent domain controllers and associated algorithms.”
In the case of smart drivers, the company's visualization and parking system products have been delivered in bulk to the domestic public, with a large number of mainstream vehicles, a rapid increase in sales, a new generation of light-weight smart drivers, a combination of high- and low-speed autopilots, a combination of auxiliary functions, a number of mainstream autonomous brands and joint ventures, and memory-based parking products by the end of 21
The first generation of high-calculus autopilot control platforms, with high-performance, car smart spots, have already taken the lead in large-scale mass delivery on the p7 and p5 model of the p7 car: the new generation of high-calculus autopilot control platforms based on the British Weldaorin series of chips.
Building, which will result in a significant increase in arithmetical power, will support the achievement of redundant designs and future upgrades of high-level autopilot functions, and the new generation of high-value, autopilot domain controllers has now gained a number of project fixes, including traditional autonomous brand clients and new vehicle forces.
Figure 4: September 2021, ipu04 smart-driving domain controller at Desaiway's first station.
1) Traditional products benefit from increased vehicle value: the vehicle, which contains the control screen and the LCD instrument, is the electronic core of the cabin, a future gateway to intellectual interaction between humans. In recent years, drivers have experienced an upgrade in content, quality, and form of demand for car-borne entertainment systems. The overall trend is from zoning to integration, from key presses to integration screens, with single-car value increasing from 600 to 700 to over 2,000 dollars, from Texas to Texas.
(ii) Specializing in intelligent driving, smart cabins and car networking in new products outside the mainframe business: companies have made staged progress in intelligent driving, smart cabins and networks, and new products such as second-generation airspace controllers, first-generation arithmetic autopilot control platforms, etc.
With regard to the smart cabin, the second generation of the company's airspace controllers has been scaled up, the third generation of the cabin products have been identified by a number of autonomous branding projects such as the Great Wall, Hiroshima Eyan, Chirí, and the ideal car. In addition, the company has entered into a strategic partnership with High-Technology to build a fourth generation of the Dragon Unit platform for a fourth generation of the Desaiway intelligent cabin system.
The Division’s first generation of arithmetic Automated Area Control (ALD) platforms have taken the lead in large-scale production on small p7 and p5 and the new generation of arithmetic ATM platforms, based on the British Weidarin series of chips, have gained a number of project targets and are expected to take the lead on the ideal 1.9 in the second half of this year. On the smart network, the company has achieved full-scale ota, network security, Blue Whales terminal software, smart access, cabin safety butlers, trust.
The commodification of web-based products such as interest safety has resulted in orders from customers such as the general public, Chang Anfort, Hiroshima and Toyota. (3) The client structure is optimized year by year, with the core client group comprising the mainstream foreign capital, internal capital and the new power of head-making: in 2021 the company broke through new customers such as Lutus, Pastellantis, and the new ones, with the same amount - the public, the public, the public, the gas, Toyota, the gas, Toyota I, the Great Wall, the car.
On July 4, 2022, the number of orders from smart drivers, big-screened products and smart-space controllers rose rapidly.
To maintain a profit forecast of 13.3/18.3/24.6 billion in 22/23/24, corresponding to 62/45/34x. Keeping a good look at the company in the intelligent core layout (interactive + driving), second generation smart seat area controllers have been scaled up and ipu03 volume + new product ipu04 has received multiple projects
Dots (ideal 1.9 or catalytic nodes for new products in the second half of the year), followed by rich orders, are expected to continue to outpace the industry. $12 billion, with future performance expected to remain high; the Māori rate for smart driving has increased by 10 pct on a year-on-year basis, the scale effect has begun to be highlighted, and future profit rates continue to rise. 2) Smart driving is more scarce, and companies have mass capacity for a few of the current autopilot control products.
The risk of disease uncertainties, upstream chip constraints on downstream industrial discharges.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject