The new product that keeps the harvest growing is on the spot - the semi-annual review of Tsai Siwei.
The sustained high growth in corporate operating income is largely due to the rapid growth in the volume of smart cabin products, smart driving product business rules, the Lu Woo Peak Model, the value of bicycles, and the rapid upturn in sales after new customers and new projects have landed.
2022H1 smart cabins generated revenue of $5,244 million, an increase of 57.11 per cent over the same period, third generation smart space controllers, 4k high screens, etc. fast-tracked production; smart driving generated revenue of $863 million, a 51.17 per cent increase compared to the 51.17 per cent increase in total automatic parking, 360-degree high clairvoy, etc., adas products sales increase is real.
Advanced autopilot domain controller products at a higher level of functionality have accumulated more than 10 mainstream vehicle enterprises and are in a production-scale climb period; network services have generated 300 million yuan, a 72.47 per cent increase, and the OTA platform and software service products continue to overlap.
The company ' s Māori rate has remained stable due to the impact of the epidemic, the shortage of chips, and rising prices of raw materials. 202H1 3.82pt, mainly due to the annual fall in prices for traditional products and the smaller size of new products; smart driving, 23.16% Māori, an increase of 4.11pt over the same period, is due mainly to the expansion of the scale and high-end product availability.
ipu03 produced on pap5/p5, with 634,000 vehicles produced in the first half of the year, an increase of 207 per cent in the same year, ipu04 having achieved production on the ideal 1 9 and about to produce on pap 9; the Māori rate for Internet services was 68.41 per cent, an increase of 34.17 pct over the same year, exceeding expectations.
The product of the smart cabin, based on the 4th generation high-to-low-high-speed platform, is being developed closely and has been ordered by clients; automated driving support systems, based on full technological excellence and integration of high-low-speed scenarios, are about to be produced, and the new generation of vehicle-borne intelligence is being calculated flatly.
The company’s customer structure is optimized year by year, with mainstream clients breaking through, and core client groups include mainstream foreign investment, autonomous brands, and the new power of head-making. Multiscreen integration of cabin products and seat-space controllers is rapidly increasing.
The first advantage of a class-based autopilot domain controller is the most beneficial indicator of an increase in the country’s share of British Weida chips. The company is expected to increase its profits in the future as a result of a multiscreening trend and an increase in autopilot penetration.
Review: Re-innovation for high-level industry leadership, which corresponds to 71.8, 42.84, 29.34, respectively. Considering the vanity of automobile intelligence in the company, senior car intelligence player 2022-01-23.
Car intelligence penetration is not as high as expected, company customers are selling less than expected, high-level autopilots fall short of expectations, industry competition patterns change, chips are short, and the epidemic is under control. My research view is that any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.