IT technology hardware and equipment Wave information: At the top of a new industry growth brand + jdm two-track model to match market trends
The future of brand machines has been driven by the need for customization of cloud service providers and their own price advantages. The future of brand machines lies in the political and private markets of downstream customers, which are also the driving force behind future growth.
The jdm model, developed in conjunction with major Internet players like Ali and Tweets, has led to large-scale supply, globalization + the rapid expansion of public cloud markets, and corporate overseas revenues increased to 3,014 million yuan in 2017, a corresponding increase of 349.2 per cent, and globalization has started.
Clearly, companies have already localized their procurement, design, manufacture, and marketing processes in the United States, and locally taxed, minimizing the impact of the trade war. The future of the Euro-American market will remain a priority. The domestic market, which is expected to break through 90 billion yuan in 2021, is huge;
Domestic Internet companies compute, companies benefit from their growing capital spending, and the public sector, as domestic Internet companies move out, domestic purchases also enter international markets, and the evolution of upstream and downstream patterns has the potential to improve the Māori ratio.
Upstream chip pattern adjustment, downstream client diversification to enhance company bargaining power and achieve Māori improvement: 1) At present, accelerated chips are still dominated by gpu, but competition is expected to increase in the future with the introduction of chips like asic, fpga, etc.; in addition, domestic firms have accelerated chip development and partially nationalized
Substitution is possible. 2) There is room for further expansion of domestic government clients; the United States market has broken through the wave message (00977), "Cleaning strong growth, Apple, joining ISO is expected to win more customers; market customization ratio for emea
Low, helping companies to enter jdm, and forming strategic partnerships with Nec, Leu-O (000977), which shows significant growth in performance, wave information (000977), which is cap-intelligence.
In 2020, the ps were 0.36, 0.50 and 0.71, respectively, and based on the above judgement, the maintenance of the server's head into a new era of growth is subject to uncertainty in terms of the speed of expansion and uncertainty in the growth of the company's overseas market.
♪ On the top of a new round of industrial growth ♪ ♪ On the top of a new round of industrial growth ♪ ♪ On the top of a new round of industrial growth ♪
White-plate servers meet different client needs by self-assembled server components.
Increased demand for server customization, the creation of standardization alliances such as ocp, doddc, and the acceleration of market penetration by white-card servers. The number of idcs increased by 5.6 percentage points. Clearly, white-card servers have become an inescapable force in the server market.
The overall share of goods delivered by service providers has shown a downward trend; the share of goods delivered by the top five servers in 2018q1 was 54.9%, while the share in 2016q1 was 63.6%, although the white card penetration rate has slowed in recent quarters. We believe that the future white card server ratio will continue to rise, but may slow, based on the following two points:
White-plate servers have the advantage of low cost and high resource utilization compared to brand servers. At the price level, compared to the traditional business model, white-plate servers omit the middle, i.e. the purchaser deals directly with the odm manufacturer instead of going through the whole plant/brand factory, so the price is relatively lower.
The indicator compares white card, h3c, and associated server prices. The results show that the price index for 2018q1 white server is 0.95, which is less than 1.16 of the associated 0.97 and h3c. At the resource utilization level, the customization of the white card server allows the purchaser to purchase the server ' s components in accordance with his own needs and avoids the server ' s loss of performance.
Ihs predicts a significant increase in server purchases by cloud service providers in 2018-2022, as compared to telecommunications and business-level users.
50% of white-card servers continue to benefit. But with the increase in cloud access and telecommunications demand by government clients, as well as the introduction of custom services by a number of brand-server manufacturers, the growth of white-plate servers has slowed.
The rapid growth of white machines, which in some ways has consumed a portion of the market share of brand machines, is largely dependent on the growth of brands.
In the traditional market of corporate and political clouds, purchases are still dominated by brand machines, owing to the poor technology of clients themselves, and the dependence on manufacturers after sale. Private clouds, by virtue of their advantages in terms of information security, are used by a growing number of large firms and defence units.
Marketresearch data show that the global private cloud market in 2016 will be $3.703 billion, and in 2023 it will reach $14.11 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 21.1 per cent, while the Asia-Pacific region, thanks to the increased audience of cloud computing, will be set at the top of a new round of industrial growth.
China’s firm base is large, and China’s willingness to enter the cloud has gradually increased in recent years, bringing the size of the private market to nearly 100 million yuan, which is expected to reach 95.570 billion yuan in 2021. As an important component of the private cloud, it has three main advantages: cloud technology, unified planning, and the application of innovation.
At the top of the new round of industrial growth, the structure is also divided into the following three levels: Yaas, Paas and Saas. It helps my Government to consult, plan, build, migrate, operate. The market for the Chinese government’s cloud was 9.15 billion yuan a year, an increase of 93 per cent.
The market is close to $30 billion, and more than 90% of the country’s provincial and 70% of the municipal districts have built or are in the process of building their platforms. In terms of the total number of tenders, the total number of tenders tendered in 2016 was 49, and in 2017 it was 82, with an increase of up to tens of millions, depending on the amount and structure of the order for the construction of the system.
Software and services cover all aspects. For example, in June 2018, the main data platform was set up in the capital city of Jinjun City, located at the top of the new round of industrial growth, with a total of 68.8 million yuan. The project includes a central engine room, network modifications, hardware equipment, cloud platforms, big data platforms, security systems, etc.
The rapid development of the government information system, the exchange platform, the system's cloud, the intelligent people, the intelligent government office and the technical services have 11 major items, of which the hardware component consists of 128 servers of all types. The rapid development of the government cloud market has increased competition in the market, and the main cloud computing firms in the government cloud market are now Xinhua San and Xinhua.
In 2016, China’s top three markets, Xinhua Santao, Huatung, and Wave, broke 10%. It is easy to see that brand server providers have taken a proactive position in the competition.
Third: Wave jdm mode The white-card server receives the favor of Internet large plants because of their customized features. Internet-based factories like Amazon, Google, Facebook, etc., have been running through the white-card technology trails, and their suppliers include Guangta and the industry, among others.
Also in the context of customized considerations, the wave was a pioneering use of the joint development of innovative business models (jdm) in the server industry. Unlike the white odm model, the jdm model refers to the involvement of companies and clients in research and development, which is the most realistic way to respond to clients' needs, and the complementarity of strengths between companies and customers, making full use of synergies and innovation between companies and customers, creating a business mix.
The introduction of the jdm model has led to a disruptive change in the tide, which is no longer a simple brand server, and has created its own path in the context of the customization of the server industry: different delivery patterns from traditional products.
Delivery to clients, and Jdm has been closely connected to clients from the first day of R & D, and has been working on small amounts of production, set at the top of a new round of industrial growth, and then modified according to the results of the tests.
The jdm model allows the development cycle to be significantly compressed, such as the idea and demand of the client to change at any time, and the thinking of both sides can collide to solve the problem, so that the customized product program can be delivered faster. For Internet companies, time is competitive, and because of rapid delivery, the jdm model is equal to the right one.
The benefits of competitiveness expansion for wave companies are that, in the process of such compression, rapid development capacity is created that is not available to conventional technology firms. For wave, the success of the jdm model will attract more high-quality customers.
The jdm model’s customer binding effect. The wave has developed with its clients, the success stories have been realized, and to some extent, the combination of genetic research and development, and the lack of understanding, which has made the wave a stable customer for the Internet’s giants.
The ex-wave jdm model has been widely applied to major Internet players such as Ali, Internet-friendly, with a market share of more than 60% in the domestic area of artificial intelligence computing and more than 90% in Tier1 major Internet enterprises.
In April 2017, the wave and the hundredth jointly released the highest density of the sr-ai entire cabinet server, which meets the scorpion 2.5 standard, cpu and gpu understandings, with a flexible mix of super-extensible nodes that support 16 gpu, to meet the current model card of unmanned vehicle technology. Sr-ai single machine processing capacity of 512 tflops is more than double the performance of the traditional server.
(b) Increased power efficiency, with centralized power supply and heat radiation designed to increase power loads to 40-50 per cent and power efficiency to 40-50 per cent;
(a) 90 per cent to 94 per cent (80 per cent to 85 per cent for traditional rack-based servers);
Computation of a high-intensity fully-configured cabinet server would result in 10-15% energy savings: achieve efficient server delivery with a prefabricated and fully-fledged deployment capability. With conventional machines, even 5,000, in some self-constructed data centres, it could reach 10,000.
The development of the entire cabinet server is inextricably linked to the open data committee (odcc, opendatacentercommittee). The odcc, formerly a scorpion program, was launched by Bat, and now includes China’s mobile, Chinese telecommunications, and China’s information and communications technology institutes.
As head of the entire cabinet server, two sets of smartrackv1.0 and v2.0 were released prior to the launch of the scorpion plan; smartrackv3.0 of the scorpion plan for 2012 was launched as the first to be measured by the wave and the industry records for the delivery of 3,000 nodes per day; smratrackv4.0 distribution for 2013 became the first complex scorpion plan in the industry
A 2.0-standard prototype; similarly, the sr-ai machine was designed under Scorpio 2.5. The wave, as an important provider of odcc, followed closely the requirements of oddc in the whole machine, which is the basis for its becoming a high-quality supplier of Internet giants.
Jdm Case 2: Credible Cloud Servers Waves domestic roll-out of high-security, high-security cloud-oriented cloud-based cloud-based servers, trusted server hardware platforms based on the Wave Wave, credible wave enhancement intermediates, solidware programs for key components, virtualization software to the operating system, application software
Credibility and protection. The wave of credible cloud servers fills an important part of the credible cloud ecology built by public cloud service providers like Arihuun, in which jdm plays a resource-sharing and complementary role.
Wave credible cloud server Autonomously manageable: A new generation of two-way server platforms developed autonomously by wave, with a credible computing module with a national production code algorithm, and an autonomous development of secure solids and security software.
A full-scale enhancement of resilience to an apt attack: with a credible computing module as the root of the message, the complete hardware and software trust chain from the server bios, optionrom, mbr, osloader, oskernel, application, etc., can detect in a timely manner the intrusion of solids and advanced malware codes at the bottom of the system, as well as the robust security features that are available from the bottom platform.
Credible computing solutions for the integration of hardware and software: based on a credible server, a credible virtualization and a credible operating system for a platform, a credible application environment that aims to provide clients with a credible computing product for software and hardware and an integrated solution to help them to build a safe, credible and manageable operating environment.
Excellent performance and expansion: newest intelligent computing acceleration technology; state-of-the-art memory technology and hard disk interface technology; flexible 1/0 interface functionality, including integrated extension cells to support pci-e3.0; rich 1/0 slot, 6 standard high-speed pci-e3.0 extension slots and 1 dedicated pci-e extension slot.
6. High universality, supporting both the tcm and tpm criteria.
Jdm Case 3: The fpga integration solution is now gpu is the mainstream acceleration card for the one server, and the fpga is relatively more energy-efficient than and more common, does not have much room for development, and even faas (fpgaaservice) will become a new trend.
In 2016, the wave worked with Intel to launch the F10a acceleration card. The f10a is the highest functional density in the industry, with the highest Fpga half-long board with the highest performance.
F10a has a strong performance advantage compared to the fpga acceleration card, which is now common on the market. In 2017, the wave released three cloud scenes, fpga acceleration programmes, based on the ai line of f10a, gzip algorithms and web-photo conversions, which, while expanding the fpga ecology, will also provide companies engaged in the development and application of the ai with a higher energy consumption ratio.
The current wave is not just a server hardware provider, it has grown into a great enterprise that can provide an integrated solution for its customers.
At the top of a new round of industrial growth, a fast-growing multi-channel approach is taking place, the process of globalization is accelerating and overseas operations are becoming new growth points.
1) At the regional level, the internationalization of the wave has now expanded to more than 100 countries and regions around the world, with the establishment of R & D centres and factories in the United States, Japan, Latin America and the Caribbean, as well as branches and demonstration centres in 26 countries abroad.
At the agency level, there are more than 1,000 large- and medium-sized agents globally, with four-digit partners, and products and programmes are widely used in the areas of global data centres, centres of super-counting, taxation, education, and intelligent government. At the enterprise level, waves and Microsoft, lig, Ericsson, etc., have established joint ventures with 500 countries around the world, intel, ibm, sap, etc.
Vmware, nividia, redhat, etc., have established strategic partnerships to jointly develop software hands-on training in India in partnership with theuptec 2) The share of income from offshore income surged from 37.0 per cent to 5.30 per cent in 2017. The wave clearly accelerated the process of globalization in 2017, with an increase in overseas revenues to 3,014 million
By the dollar, which grew by 349.2% in the same year, the ratio of overseas receipts rebounded again, and again by 10% after 2014. The rapid growth of overseas revenues has been made possible by the company’s initial success of a little-faced strategy to feed its core customers abroad, while at the same time setting itself at the top of a new round of industrial growth.
On June 15, the United States Trade Office announced that it would impose customs duties on 50 billion Chinese commodities.
On July 11, the US issued additional measures to raise tariffs on imports from China of about US$ 200 billion. But trade is more limited in terms of the current structure, with less computer-related products included in its tariff list, and the 2015 wave is already in the US.
The country has set up a server production base, has achieved a full process of localizing United States purchases, designs, manufactures, and sales, and has paid taxes in the United States to minimize the impact of the trade war. China’s tariff list is, to some extent, conducive to corporate development.
On 3 August, the Tax Rules Board issued an announcement of approximately $60 billion for 5/207 items originating in the United States, with tariffs ranging from 25%, 20%, 10%, and 5%. These are mainly printers, large- and medium-sized computers, which are essentially pre-renewal nationalized ideas and have already been nationalized and carefully chosen after considering supply chain security issues.
In addition, in the US market, with Hewlett-Packard announced in October 2017 that it would withdraw from providing services to cloud operators.
Popular custom-server business; the global business of ibmx86, which has been acquired since 2017, has declined rapidly. (gartener data indicate that the share of global shipments that we have been linked to date has hovered between 5 and 6 per cent, but has remained at 7 to 9 per cent.) This has undoubtedly given companies and China more opportunities to market servers in the United States than to China as a Chinese technology firm.
In the context of the trade war, we believe that the tide is more dominant.
Hewlett-Packard streamlining plan
-serviceprovider (tier 1): ceaseellingcustom-designed, community narrrowfocusto76countries (99.5%ofrevenues)
-Serverswhilecontiningtosellhigher-marginproducts -serviceprovider (tier 2/3): gainsharewith sandardedskusof remainingcountries, Channel-only
Ourcludlineproduct (nocustom-design), whileinventingprofitability gtm -largeenterprisesandpublicsector:defindwithnewandexisting
-Smb: gainsharewittargeedofferings -volume/value/rowth:Segmentforhybridit
1. Rapid growth of the public cloud market " At the top of the new round of industrial growth "
China, as the world’s second largest economy, is actively seeking change in the cloud computing era. In recent years, cloud computing markets have been opened, for example, in the public cloud market. According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, China’s cloud computing market in 2016 had reached 17.1 billion yuan, with a global ratio of 1.17 per cent, and our cloud computing market is projected to reach 69.34 billion yuan by 2020, when the global share will rise to 2.55 per cent.
In terms of the breakdown, the average annual compound growth rate of Iaas in 2012-2017 was 96.31%, well above the 45.12% and 30.04% growth rates of Paas and saas. In 2016, the country ' s publicly owned market of Yunias reached $8.74 billion, resulting in a car overload for saas. The expansion of the Iaas model facilitated the development of server providers.
Alibaba, China’s first cloud service provider, maintained a 100% or more rate of growth in its revenue calculations in 2015-2017, reaching 13.39 billion yuan in 2017, or 5% of the group’s income.
Other revenues in 2017 totalled $43.338 billion, an increase of 151.58%. Capital spending, the 2015 Aribaba Capital Trust, indicated that a large portion of capital spending by mega-tech companies was spent on the construction and expansion of large data centres.
In 2017, the market share of the global public cloud aws and the share of the Aryan cloud amounted to 54.1 per cent and 3.7 per cent, respectively.
Domestically, for server manufacturers, who owns large customers owns the market. In recent years, the public market has expanded rapidly, and the market share is now largely concentrated in large Internet companies. idc data show that in the first half of 2017, the share of the public in the country was 75.2%, with Ali Baba leading by 47.6%.
The innovative application of the jdm model has resulted in a share of over 90% of the major Internet companies in Tier1 that provide computing support for the most well-known ones in the country, such as 100, Alibaba, Tseng, Kyundong, Cyber, Chihu, Ko, Dog Search, Today's Headline, Face++.
In the case of Alibaba, which already covers four continents and will expand further in the future. Thus, Internet customers do not buy for domestic markets alone, so that corporate products can infiltrate abroad by following their customers into the sea.
There are many ways to improve the company's future Māori rate.
High-end products are relatively expensive, and therefore have a high Māori rate, but they need to be supported by high R&D. Companies have always placed R&D at a strategic level, actively promoting technological innovation in products, intensifying technological breakthroughs, and increasing the market competitiveness of products.
Server providers such as Hewlett-Packard are in the lead in horizontal comparisons, after China, which is known for its research and development capabilities.
The company continues to promote the development of the ipd system, which aims to establish a market- and customer-driven planning and development management system that is based on the needs of the market and the customer, with a focus on research and development, improving the efficiency of product development management, enhancing product and technological innovation across the board, and fostering organizational capacity to support the sustainability of the company and the achievement of strategic objectives.
The seven dimensions of R & D, ipd-based R & D, client demand-centred, functional support team operations, R & D project management, performance and incentives, management change and optimization are made up of the seven dimensions of R & D: investment behaviour, demand-based R & D, horizontal R & D, cross-sectoral collaboration, structured processes, business and capacity balance, and flexible development.
It's a successful practice with ibm and China, and the wave continues to move forward, integrating its own genes, not only to improve the efficiency of R & D, but also to improve the organization of the company.
2) The high end product lead market divides the server into one, two, four, eight and up servers according to the number of cpus available to the server in the server classification. The number of cpu has a significant impact on the performance of the server, and the number of cpu where other parameters are identical or similar.
Over 55% of all servers are sold and delivered by roads and above, with 8-channel servers having the first share of the market for 18 consecutive quarters. The wave has already reached its mid-to-high end x 86 servers, thanks to excellent R & D capabilities, rigid product quality, and penetration into traditional industries.
On the eight-way servers, the tides have products such as k1910, k1950, k860 and k860g3 and the skyscrapers 860g3 have been strongly reverberated in the market and have become a term for high quality.
The advantages of slots, support for operating systems, etc., reflect the strong competitiveness of the wave on high-end servers.
hpeintegritymc990x max.cpu Quantity Processor Model
Processor high-speed cache with a maximum support of 16 2.5 inch plugs sas/sata/sssd up to 4 sfffsas
8 pcie 3.08x 26 standard pci-e3.0 slot 12 pcie 3.016x
Redhatenterpriselinuxserver 6.x/7.x centos6.x/7.x oraclelinux
The changes in upstream chip patterns have led to a marginal improvement in the industrial chain 1) artificial intelligence hot, gpu servers do a lot of work.
Artificial intelligence continues to be hot, with the rise of big data and the prevalence of cloud computing, coupled with penetration into traditional industries, with the projected global market size of $21.460 billion in 2018 and $19.61 billion in 2025, with an average annual compound growth rate of 36.62 per cent. From the point of view of financing for one start-up company, there was a steady growth in 2013-2016, compared with the 2016-2017 aipago and Lee Shishi.
The fight with Kojie, which brought artificial intelligence back to the center of people's eyes and greatly increased market confidence in the ai, also made it the year in 2017 when the ai started a new era, with financing of $15 billion, roughly the same as in the past, the entire chain of an artificial intelligence industry, which was based on a base, with the arithmetic changes and increases in volume.
Traditional cpu-based x86 servers often fail to meet application requirements and mainstream the gpu accelerator ' s i server. gpu does not differ from cpu ' s internal structure, which consists mainly of controllers, storages, and logical units, but the distribution of the two sets determines the length of the cpu in order to execute the command, while gpu is superior in data processing, and gpu uses shared memory.
At the top of the new cycle of industrial growth, the gpu-based ai server has made it possible for the server and chip industries to continue to benefit from the industry’s dividends.
For example, in 2016 and 2017, operating income amounted to $47.4 billion and $61.6 billion, respectively, an increase of 45 per cent for the same year, in the case of the one server, and in the case of the other, in the case of the gpu accelerated calculation of the server market. The idc data show that in 2017, the market size of the gpu accelerated server in China was $570 million, an increase of 23.7 per cent, or about 6 per cent of the Chinese x86 server market.
Over 43 per cent, and by 2022 it is expected that the market size of the gpu accelerated server in China will be $3.41 billion.
With the continued advancement of i-technology, the i-chip based on platforms such as fpga, asic, etc., has received market attention, and the future gpu monopoly situation may or will change. The increase in upstream competitors has raised their bargaining power for server firms with a large number of customers, thus improving the Maori rate.
The futurei server acceleration chip pattern may be the autonomous development of the potential artificial intelligence chip vsaws of the nvidia gpu programme vsfpga programme vsgoogle vsaws autonomously developed vs vs, and ibm, amd fpga has the advantage of programming, computing efficiency and low power. fpga is much less than gpu, once selected.
Modeling the logical resources is fixed, but it can allocate the logical resources according to application, such as a lot of multiplying in an application, so that fpga can allocate most of the logical resources to the multipliers, which also makes fpga ' s average performance high. Intel is currently doing the layout on the fpga acceleration chip, which acquires altera, and is constructing the cpu+fpga artificial intelligence chip program.
The fpga is also being tried internally as an accelerator, and in 2017 a 256-nuclear, fpga-based cloud computing acceleration chip was launched in collaboration with xilinx. Asic (specialized integrated circuit) is considered to be the most likely chip to impact the ai chip industry.
Asic is a custom chip with a single use, but a calculation is efficient, with the least effort. The tpu accelerator launched by Google is a platform based on asic, which operates at a speed of 860,000 gop/s, with a capacity of only 40w and energy efficiency 43 times that of nvidateslav 100. In 2017, Google released a second generation of tpu, with 180 tflops and 64gb memory.
Building the Top of the New Round of Industrial Growth v100gpu provides 125tflops numeracy and 16gb memory. Therefore, with the future growth of googletpu’s customers, there will be a strong impact on gpu.
Businesses such as aws, Wah, and typhoids are also actively trying the ai chip. Since 2018, a localized ai chip has been being developed to support smart devices like echo; there are also indications that Amazons may be developing ai chip for the aws server, and that the introduction of a product like tpu would have a significant impact on intel and nvidia (intelcpu is 98%).
The market, gpu, is the main i-chip used by cpu. For the first time, China made an attempt on the mobile end to launch the iridium 970 chip, which is characterized by a unique hardware treatment unit for independent npu (neuralworkprocessing unit) for the first time in the industry. As the world’s first i-chip unicorn, the typhoid was actively explored on the i-chip road, and in 2016, the god of deep learning was released.
With a network-specific processor cambricon1a, 2018 has released a 7nm process-based terminal chip cambricon1m, with eight-digit computing capabilities of up to 5,000 gops/w. The first cloud smart chip cambriconmlu100 was launched this year. In high-performance mode, the equivalent theory peaks at 166.4 tops, with 110 w power. The cambriconmlu 100 chips are currently linked.
The future national production of the ai chip, which is used on the 650sr and dawn phyneron servers, can be produced and used on a large scale, and the cost of the chip can be significantly reduced for the wave, and the Māori rate will be improved.
The wave is more than just an enterprise that only provides server hardware, guided by an intelligent computing strategy, based on a four-tier active layout that includes, in addition to cutting-edge computing hardware products, an integrated management package and optimal depth.
Learning frameworks, and end-to-end industry solutions. The combination of hardware and software products, and the introduction of solutions, will help improve the company’s future Māori ratio.
Figure 46: Wave-ai layout. Includes the in-depth learning training cluster management software, application profile analysis system, the strongest array of ai computing products in industry, and the gpu, fpga, etc.
Always nf5288m5 (agx-2) teye
gx4 sr-alrack f10afpga
Framework optimization Comprises application scenario advice and system program design, application code transplant optimization, calculation of accelerated component properties, optimal envelope for mainstream depth learning framework
The wave led by $324 million in sales of Chineseai servers published by idc.
The release of the brand newer ai tensorserver highlights a strong confidence in the business of the ai. In terms of server products, companies agx-2, gx4 are calculating the powerai.nf5288m5(agx-2) is the highest computational secret in the world.
, the maximum performance of the ai server, suitable for applications in fields such as deep learning model training, subline reasoning, scientific computing, and engineering computing and research. Eight state-of-the-art teslagpu acceleration cards are supported in its 2u space. Gpu cards for the sxm2 and pcle interfaces are supported, nvlink 2.0 technology is supported, and p2p communication efficiency in gpu nodes is effectively improved and system delays are reduced.
Wavegpu pool server gx4, which inherits the srai cabinet solution, achieves the cpu and gpu understanding coupling. A single machine supports four gpu cards with a two-way cpu head point, effectively reducing the redundancy of 10 and system purchase costs while ensuring efficient Gpu cross-node communication.
A high expansion of 2-16 calories can be achieved. nvlink upgrades gpu efficiency chart 50: gx-4 appearance
In system management, WaveAiation 1.0 is a cluster management software for training in artificial intelligence depth, which is an important part of the process of building the base platform: a full depth learning business process, from data preparation to analysis of the results of the training, supported by " On the Top of a New Round of Industry Growth " .
On the framework level, the wave has developed a caffe-mpi based on the bvlc framework, which is the first parallel version of a global cluster.
Caffe-mpi has good inheritance and ease of use, fully retaining the characteristics of the original Caffe architecture, which are characterized by high performance and high scalability. Caffe-mpi can be trained in multiple multicards at the same time, using the googlenet model as an example, and canffe-mpi can increase its performance more than 13 times the performance of a single gpu version.
Caffe-mpi performance is about twice as high as that of tensorflow.
At the service level, the wave has introduced more integrated end-to-end solutions, including application landscape counselling and system design, application code transplant optimization, and calculation of horizontal assessments of accelerated component performance.
Sample pre-processing: The data collected is processed through the sample pre-processing platform, the data extraction cpu software is run for sample extraction, filtering, and labeling is used to form a training sample library. Since the sample data pre-processing process is characterized by 10 concentrations, the cpu cluster is used for parallel calculation.
Model training: The model training platform reads the training sample library data, loads the initial model, runs the in-depth learning framework training, and then generates an intelligent model. Because the training process requires a large amount of computing and network communication, the calculation is done using the gpu cluster, and is configured with a high-speed megabyte or ib network and parallel storage.
Model application: Trains different models for practical application scenarios, which may be loaded in single workstations, embedded devices, and three cloud types, to test the identification and reasoning of the samples actually received. Because of the small number of calculations per sample and the large number of tasks to respond to, the system needs to be accompanied by high ingestion and low-time response, cpu is used.
Gpu or fpga calculates.
The September 2017 wave announced the establishment of a joint venture with ibm to develop, produce, and sell power servers. The servers are classified according to the image processor structure and are divided into cisc architecture servers, primarily x86 servers, followed by non-Intel structure technology servers, and Power machines, which belong to the latter.
At the Openpower Summit in March 2018, the wave was released based on the Openpower9 server fp5280g2, and has completed the proper matching of cloud computing, big data, and mainstream open source software in the ai field. The volume output is in this sense, we believe that the push of the Openpower9 server has the following four dimensions:
Openpower9 supports the growth of the ai business. Excellent performance supports the expansion of 44 processor cores, 2tbddr4 memory, 4 gpu and the introduction of pci-e4.0 and nviink2.0, with less time for training than the previous generation of openpower8 and the impact of openpower9 on x86 ecology.
In the area of artificial intelligence, the power structure is 4-10 times higher than x86. Wave power Power Power Servers are based on a good outlook for the future of the power server, further refining their service layouts, and winning a competitive advantage for themselves in the long term.
Power servers are also complementary to company high-end servers, and a larger volume of production will contribute to the company's overall Māori ratio.
The problems faced by suppliers, and the previously mentioned HP’s withdrawal from providing a popular custom server for cloud operators, are due to the fact that each of the major target clients, Microsoft, aws, and Google, can negotiate large discounts. On the other hand, the concentration of customers is too high to expose the company to even greater liquidity problems and market share predatory risks.
Compared to the mature de11 of globalization, the Māori ratio of companies in 2017 was 10.46%, while the rate of dell Māori for diversification was 25.49% for the mature and client-to-client nature of globalization. According to the previous five client concentrations, since 2015 this has been accompanied by a significant increase in the volume of purchases by large corporate clients, resulting in a rapid increase in client concentration, compared to the sales of the top five clients of the company in 2017.
We believe that there are two ways for companies at the downstream level to raise the Māori rate, with further expansion of domestic business clients and the opening up of foreign clients, based on increasing customer diversity, reducing client concentration over high risks, and increasing bargaining power.
1) Further expansion of government clients is currently divided into two main types of customers, Internet customers and government clients.
Its supply is mainly to members of the odcc Union, which, because of the demand and bargaining power of this segment, has a pressure on the company’s Māori rate, which is one of the reasons why the company’s Māori rate is low. The business of the government clients is a high Māori business, and is currently forming the first echelons in the political market, China, and Xinhua. If the proportion of corporate clients increases further, the Māori rate will improve.
The company has a large capacity in China, and the company has a lot of space to break through. The data from the e- fever friends show that in 2017 only 40.3% of the country’s enterprises used cloud services (22.4%, 15.3%, and 2.6% of the public, private and mixed cloud services, respectively), so there is still much room for improvement in penetration; private cloud platforms are largely dominated by large firms.
In 2017, 54.8 per cent of large enterprises used cloud services, with public, private and mixed clouds accounting for 17.9 per cent, 29.7 per cent and 7.2 per cent, respectively, so that large enterprises were the main forces built by private cloud platforms and required substantial infrastructure support in the process of building private clouds and were the targets of further breakthroughs by companies.
The Chinese Information and Communication Institute (CII) has established or is in the process of building (bidding) a government cloud in 235 of the 334 administrative regions. In the construction of the Chinese government cloud, hardware, software and services are often included in the construction project, and the China-China project has been launched in the middle of the tide.
This is a reflection of the increased capacity for integrated solutions, which also boosts the marketing of hardware products such as wave servers. 2) The likelihood of a breakthrough in the United States market is reflected in the increase in the Māori rate in the financial statements. The realization of the scale effect requires companies to expand their markets more widely in Europe and America.
In 2016, to reduce reliance on third-party servers, Apple America chose to create an icloud data centre in partnership with the tide, highlighting the possibility of the company developing large offshore customers. Joining an international organization, adapting to the needs of more customers.
The product provides a solid foundation for its partnership as an Internet giant. The wave of active participation in international organizations facilitates the interconnectivity of China with advanced standards abroad, promotes open computing ecology, provides a strong and sustained impetus for the application and development of the next generation of data centres, and strongly supports overseas client development.
In 2016, the wave became the gold class of the Open Computation Project (opencomput project, ocp, facebook) and the non-members not only responded to the customisation of servers, but also contributed to better integration of their products into foreign markets.
(b) Microservers, boxes and operators including arm, x 86;
eia310-d/e19 inches of machine frame derivatives, the sleds module uses the open rack mainframe; Components and peripherals - passcards, laminates 1/0, accelerators, networks; normative standards: electrical interfaces, mechanical interfaces, management, debugging and testing frameworks.
In 2017, the wave joined the Open19 organization, becoming the only Chinese server provider. The Open19 project regulation defines the shape of a cross-industry universal server (including a brick cage brickcage, power grid powershelf, network switchboard network).
Switch; support for brick module brick, two-blank doublewidebrick, two-and-a-half-blank doublehhaghhofwidthbrick, four types of doublehhghdoblewidbrick) to create flexible and supportive data centres and peripheral solutions for operators of all sizes.
The wave of " At the top of a new round of industrial growth " actively promoted the process of internationalization, bringing products into the international market and introducing a range of products that meet all the criteria.
Launched in March of the year: October 2017. Wave on 5263m5 servers through the ocp recognition became the first product in the ocp community to adopt the latest skylake technology and industry standards; in the same year, at cebit 2017, Germany, the world launched an open 19-standard server. In March of this year, the latest wave was launched, based on the ocpprojectolympus code.
The 4-way server nf8380m5, designed specifically for csp users and mega-data centres. The nf8480m5 launched last April is also in line with the ocp code.
It's a combination of services, negotiations, ideas, and so on. The Apple case gave the wave greater confidence and a breakthrough in its full-fledged entry into the United States market, and the company was actively talking about Google’s entry into China. If the company actually became a service provider for Google Clouds, it would also be very useful to expand its global customers by fighting Dale and the Hewlett-Packard Chambers in overseas markets.
At the top of the new round of industrial growth 3)) the likelihood of a breakthrough in the market for emea (Europe, the Middle East, and Africa) market layout is also conducive to breaking down the risk of large downstream customers.
The top four manufacturers, hpe, dellemc, lenovo and cisco, idc data show that 2018q1 accounts for 32.1%, 22.9%, 8.1%, and 7.2%, respectively, are currently in the market for eema servers, where hpe and dellemc hold nearly 65% of the market share. It is worth noting, however, that 2018q1emea market is at $3.866 billion, while the share of white machine revenue is only 9.8%.
(mainly because of the decline in the volume of transactions at the odm super-large data centres in Ireland, Finland and Russia) is much smaller than the 24.4% global level for the same period. And as the apple, aws and google data centres enter the new construction cycle, it is expected that the demand for the data centres will accelerate in late 2018 and 2019. So we think that the Jdm model of the future company will gradually take advantage and win its share.
In addition, companies have established strategic partnerships in Europe with the well-known global firm Nec, which has a broad client base and strong R & D and delivery capacity, which will also help the wave in Europe.
In the age of data explosion, the cradle of memory development, under the big data vent, the amount of data bursting, and idc projected a global data size of 163 zb in 2025, which is almost 10 times higher than it is now. Storage as a data carrier, demand growth is more certain.
China’s first pb class has been launched for 10,000 years, and China’s first four-in-one storage service has been launched in 2016, with a full cabinet of sds as 13,000-racks, and the latest all-power flash of g2-f in 2018. From capacity to performance to intelligence today, waves,
The development of tidal storage has also shaped the development of the storage market; it has always been synchronized with the market, with wave storage moving from nothing to China first.
Figure 67: The Wave Partly Stored Product " At the Top of the New Round of Industrial Growth "
Wave release of smart storage platform g2 in 2017, using three main techniques: intelligent perception, intelligent architecture, and intelligent transport. Performance upgrades are achieved using exclusive hard compression techniques combined with lz4 algorithms: 70% compression; cache capacity doubles, with maximum support of 512g; brevity per second, response speed doubles; full automatic intier functions reduce storage management time by 50%.
The intelligent architecture of the layer accelerates the speed and reduces the cost of using ssd in operations that require more reading. In addition, the creation of virtual layers between storage systems and service servers allows for the management of isotopic intelligence, the addition and reduction of storage hardware, the conversion, split and consolidation of server layers with full transparency, and software definition storage is increasingly favoured by firms through distributed storage, high reliability, high compatibility, etc.
Power software defines the storage market, as13000 series sds for big data storage needs, as13000 sales in 2017 increased by more than 200% on the same basis, China moved in the mid-point in 2018, and the industry became aware of wave storage.
Figure 70: As 13,000 Appearances Performance as 13,000 single dots of 2.5 gb/s, iops of 100,000, supporting four storage services for block, file, object, big data, the only one in the industry. As 13,000 supports scale-up and scale-out structures simultaneously, with a combination of two configurations.
Point, which supports horizontal expansion of multiple nodes, and vertical expansion of single nodes on the basis of connectivity. The difference between the scale-up and scale-out structures is that the former have only one storage manager, which expands vertically and increases the storage capacity when expanding; the latter is that each node has a storage manager, which expands horizontally, with nodes connecting to nodes.
The scale-up structure is relatively simple, but its shortcomings are also evident, as it has only one manager, and a hardware storage system often has multiple storage tasks, so that when it fails, the entire storage system will stop and the cost of carrying it is high. And the characteristics of the scale-out distribution significantly reduce the difficulty of carrying it.
On the top of a new round of industrial growth, in the flash storage area, a new generation of smart all-g2-f series was launched in 2018, based on a smart cache masp architecture with a maximum high performance of 2.6 million 10 ps, delayed by just 500 ms, sequenced strips with optimal hard compression techniques, and improved writing performance.
2-4 times; and mixed cloud layers of technological aids. g2-f is a door-level product as 2600 g2-f, middle-end products as 5300g2-f and a5500g2-f, middle- and high-end products as 5600g2-f and as5800g2-f, which meets the appearance as 5300g2-f/a5,500g2-f
Three main channels of policy drive future growth.
In the health sector, wave storage works in strategic collaboration with Heartcare International, Wei-Ning, Sky-Hing, etc.
In the wide power sector, wave storage works strategically with Jesún, Sobé, Vibre and New Orient to create joint programmes for the wide electricity industry and to promote them throughout the country;
In the surveillance industry, wave storage works with strategic collaborations such as Koda, Hoshito, Orient Network, British Flyingto, and focuses on the sub-sectors of smart traffic, safe cities, snowwork, etc., for joint programme promotion. 2. Joint distribution partners to expand local markets.
Project testing, provision of more than 100 entry-level smart storage seed machines; promotion of storage server alert systems to achieve storage full-product programme channel readiness support to facilitate rapid growth of market distribution partner operations.
We're talking about distribution, on-board technology, and joint market promotion, and we're gonna win.
Wave storage partner elite Request: target amount/project submission/joint programme development Activity: quarterly chat sharing/boarding technology/joint market promotion
At the top of a new round of industrial growth, corporate growth was stable, market share was raised, and the company, China's leading cloud computing, big data service provider, had formed a whole that covered the three dimensions of the aiaas, paas, saas.
Solution service capacity, with wave-high-end servers, big storage, cloud operating systems, and information security technologies building a front-line cloud computing infrastructure platform for clients. Rapid developments in the computing, ai, etc., have resulted in increased global demand for servers and storage markets, with companies earning up to $25,488 million in 2017.
In terms of net profit from the same year-on-year increase of 101.2 per cent, after falling to a low point in 2016, strong rebounded in 2017, pushing for the highest value since it went to the market. The growth rate of 2018 companies, with $7.608 billion in 2018q1, increased by 97 per cent compared to 97 per cent, is expected to be higher than the annual rate of gross gross profits for the entire year. The annual Māori rate of companies is highly correlated with the rate of one quarter.
While the company’s Māori rate has shown a downward trend over the last three years, the profitability of 2018q1 has improved, and the Māori rate has turned upside down, and we expect that the company’s Māori rate will increase throughout the year 2018 over 2017. As the company’s business has expanded, marketing costs have increased year by year, but the cost of its sales has shown a downward trend, reflecting the company’s spending.
The use of regulatory excellence has also benefited, to some extent, from the reputational effects of corporate products. The share of company servers has increased significantly since the New Round of Industrial Growth, from 0.9% initially to around 7% today; by contrast, foreign servers have grown significantly.
The share of the giants declined significantly, with sales of 2018q1 Dale and Hewlett-Packards accounting for 18.2% and 13.1%, respectively, and, while the advantage was always clear, there was a marked decline in the share of 2013q12.2% and 24.9%. With regard to corporate-level storage, Dale, Xinhua III, Netapp, Japan, and ibm have long held the top five shares.
In the Chinese market, however, domestic firms such as tidal waves and tidal booms have gradually built up their advantages; the latest data from idc show that 4138 shipments were stored in the 2018q1 wave, with an upswing of 162.7% and a capacity of 389.4pb, or 9%, in China.
Assumption No. 1 (income projection): the company's main business is the R & D, production and marketing of traditional servers, ai servers and storage products, the company's expansion of overseas operations through domestic Internet customers, the United States and Europe has been successful and will continue to increase as the volume of the public cloud market expands and the upstream/downstream pattern adjusts further.
Long, influenced by a large revenue base, we expect the company to grow about 60 per cent, 31 per cent over the next three years, assuming 2 (Māori rate): there is some annual fluctuations in sales revenue and Māori rates for the company's servers and storage products due to differences in market demand and product structure, but overall, the company's operations will be stable in the future.
(c) Assumption 3 (cost rate): there is uncertainty about the speed at which the company ' s sales costs from 2018 to 2020 account for the growth of its server products, and about the speed at which the stored products are being promoted, as the scale effects are reflected, etc.
There is uncertainty about the expansion of overseas markets.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.