Wave Information (000977.sz)
Good continuity is evidence of the future of the company; at the same time, the competitiveness of the company's Jdm model against white-plate plants is analysed for investment in a range of financial indicators.
Intelization to intelligence, server market demand erupts. Server market demand explodes because: 1) Global ip flows are significant as new technologies such as cloud computing and object networking rises.
The demand for data processing will increase by 20 times by 2020, and the demand for servers will rise as a result: 2) With the aws entering the domestic public cloud market, the domestic US$ 1/10 of the aws, the Aryan clouds now have 40.6% of the domestic market share
A little less than 43% of the market share of the 2013 aws. In the future, we believe that domestic public clouds will replicate the aws and continue to invest on a large scale; and (3) the computing needs of the i market will be 55.1%, and the wave will also have a rich layout on the i server, with a prospect of rapid growth in the future.
The wave's jdm business model saves the necessary steps, reduces production costs, improves production efficiency, and makes it more responsive to the needs of customers. In the face of the general generation of factories, the wave's technological advantage has made its products and the Internet huge.
In addition to domestic operations, companies are actively expanding their operations abroad. At the same time, the location of equity approvals will also motivate employees internally to demonstrate the company’s confidence in the future server market.
Multiple factors change, and the company's Māori ratio improves. Emd's server processor, pepyc, can compare with intel and have lower prices, and is expected to break the almost exclusive market pattern of intel's X86 commercial processor.
Keeping down memory prices. Increased competition in the upstream raw materials market is expected to reduce corporate productivity. Downstream, with three major server price fluctuations, can be transferred downstream, firm downstream (300454.sz): Web-based information security
At the same time, the wave of Internet clients is at the forefront of government clients, the cloud computing business is constantly improving in the future, and the income structure is improving. In the long run, the company's future Māori ratio is improving.
The downside risks are limited. On the other hand, the company's ability to control and operate at the cost side is mentioned in the Computer Investment Strategy Report 2018: Top of the Wave, continuing to look at artificial intelligence for 18 years.
MEABERKO (300188.sz): Policy drives the development of subdata forensics, the "four plus four" business line goes hand in hand.
Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: Reasons for the outbreak of server market demand: 1) Global ip flows are increasing at a significant rate, data-processing demand will increase 20 times by 2020 and server demand will rise as a result; 2) Large domestic demand as aws enters the domestic public cloud market
In the future, we believe that the domestic public cloud giant path will replicate the aws and continue to invest on a large scale;) the outbreak of computing demand in the i market will also provide more opportunities for companies, and the wave is also rich in the layout of the i server, which is expected to grow rapidly in the future.
At the same time, dram expansion will continue to reduce the price of memory. Competition in upstream raw materials markets is expected to reduce company costs.
The price volatility of the three major pieces can be shifted downstream, and companies’ downstream bargaining power gradually increases. Meanwhile, the tides continue to increase in the share of Internet customers in government clients, and the income structure continues to improve.
Our view is different from that of the market: we predict that, as the share of Internet customers widens, the risk of a decline in the Māori rate is smaller. And it is likely that the construction of hearts in the downstream clouds will go beyond market expectations.
Promotion of equity incentives: Increased upstream chip competition Increased server sector competition: less than expected upstream and downstream bargaining power I. Wave information, leaders of the server industry
The wave was one of the country's oldest brands, and its course has been based on innovative ideas, leading China's IT industry with a very forward-looking technological breakthrough at several important stages in the history of China's information industry. The wave server industry, which has the most extensive product lines in the industry, including towers, racks, multiple nodes, blade systems and locker servers.
To meet the diverse needs of users across industries, while providing optimal products for specific applications such as high-level computing, blending storage, key operations, co-processing, and large data centres. To date, wave sales are ranked third in the world, first in the Chinese market, and for 11 years in the government industry.
Wave groups are corporate shareholders, holding 40.9% of the company’s shares directly and indirectly. Wave software groups, affiliated to the Waves Group, hold 0.4% of the company’s shares, and are controlled by wave groups with wave information.
Business income has been growing since 2017, driven by breakthroughs in the cloud computing server market, the ai, and overseas, and by a wave that began to grow rapidly in 2017 q2 and increased the volume of goods, while operating revenues have increased significantly. Of these, revenues from o3 and o4 were growing by about 140% in 2017, while operating income from o1 increased by about 140% in 2018.
96.5 per cent, with strong growth. Although the yield ratio declined by 15 per cent compared to q4 in 17 years, it was still slightly higher than q3 in 17 years. Similarly, the fall in profits in 2016 was due to price fluctuations, while firms continued to invest heavily in R&D innovation, and even with falling profits in 2016, firms continued to increase their R&D investment by more than 40 per cent in 16 and 17 years, as compared to the same year.
And sustained R & D investment has led to a gradual increase in the competitiveness of the division, which has led to firm-to-connected companies in the country, with net profits booming since 2017, with net profits of $428 million in 2017, compared to the second, informationization to intelligence, and the outbreak of server market demand.
Wave information can now be said to be a leader in the server industry, providing servers for cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence. With the development and spread of new-generation information technologies, such as cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, the global market for servers in China and the world has seen (i) global ip flows increase, with server demand increasing in tandem.
Global ip flows are growing at a remarkable rate as cloud computing and new technologies such as the Internet of matter rise. According to a new Cisco report, global ip flows grew at an annual rate of 22 per cent between 2015 and 2020. Global commercial and consumer ip flows reached 121.69eb/month by 2017, nearly three times as high as in 2012, and data-processing needs will increase 20 times by 2020, overall.
In 2017, the number of global servers increased sharply to 1,018,600, with a market size of $70,635 million. The traffic surge meant that a large number of servers were needed to support the data outbreak, and the demand for servers was driven up as a result.In recent days, idc announced that the number of global servers in the first quarter of 2018 was 2.7 million, an increase of 20.7 per cent, for sale.
Sales were $18.8 billion, an increase of 38.6 per cent over the same period, and the global server market recovered robustly, with two-digit growth in three consecutive quarters, the best ever recorded sales volume for the same period. The wave seized on the new global digital and intelligent development opportunities offered by the spread of information technology applications in the third generation.
In 2017, q3 began the period of growth, with the same volume growing by more than 60 per cent in two consecutive quarters. The corresponding share of the volume of merchandise has also risen exponentially, to the third highest level in the world in 2017. In 2018, the number of q1 shipments reached 175,000, an increase of 77.5 per cent, making it the fastest growing manufacturer again.
In the market pattern, the three largest producers are still Dale, hpe, and Wave. The current wave is the inevitable consequence of the transformation of trust, and it will continue to drive the growth of data and hence of server demand, so we predict that the wave will continue to grow.
(ii) Internet giants invest in data centre construction to drive server demand, and as cloud computing rises, big Internet players like Bat put data centre construction on the agenda. The data centre cannot be built without a huge demand for servers, and long-term planning by giants has driven the demand for servers to rise.
(Conclusion of the Sun Spring Calculating Centre in Shanxi, 2018); Aliun (proposed second data centre in Europe); Tseng Xingyun (in the process of building a green data centre for Precious Star 7) or google cloud abroad (global expansion plan for the data centre); aws (establishment of data centres in each large country); facebook cloud (new 6 data centres for $1 billion), these numbers
According to the Centre’s construction plan, the market for servers has undoubtedly been given a powerful needle. According to gartner, global server sales grew by 5.1% on a year-on-year basis in the third quarter of 2017, while traditional machines, blades, towers all grew negative, while cloud servers grew by 26.9% on a year-on-year basis.
One power. Gartner predicts that the future global cloud servers will also maintain a compound growth rate of 6.1%, double the overall market rate, and that the cloud server share of the North American market will reach 45.4% in 2021, with the exception of the fast expansion of the bat, the two- and three-line Internet companies represented by Kyoto, today's headlines, fast hands, web-friendly, drip-dropping.
Industry is accelerating the construction of its own data centre, which is also stimulating the demand for servers. In the first quarter of 2018, waves, Del and Hua were ranked third in terms of volume and sales.
We believe that the construction of data centres will continue in the coming years, and that the demand for servers will continue to rise. In the month, the number of megadata centres worldwide reached 300, 45% in the United States, followed by China and Japan.
Figure 11: Large data centres in the world and currently all around the world, Aliun has data centres in place, and partners are opening data centres in other regions to make global layouts that are certainly not as large as Amazonaaws in terms of their current harvests, even far away.
After that, aws earned $5.442 billion in 201801, despite the rapid growth of Aliun in recent quarters, with $201.81 million in revenue, or just one-tenth of the aws. Arillun would have to build more in the future if he wanted to compete with the aws, and the centre would have to compete against it. It is expected that the input of the Bat Cloud Center will continue to grow at a higher rate in the next three to five years.
The United States is an absolute leader in the global public cloud market. In 2017, the US cloud-counting market accounted for 56.5% of the world’s market share, rising by 19.4%, while the emerging public cloud countries, represented by China and India, were characterized by high growth, rapidly expanding the market’s size.
Although China’s public cloud market is currently only one tenth that of the United States, it is growing at twice the rate of the United States market. Research reports indicate that China’s market growth is significantly ahead of the global market’s Chinese public cloud computing market by about 46%, while the United States market is growing by only 20%, and Western Europe by only 22%.
But, from a global market perspective, the size of public cloud computing markets is only 10% of what it costs for an enterprise as a whole, with huge market potential. Aliun is now also home to 40.6% of the market share, slightly less than the market share of the 2013 aws.
By comparison with Arihuun, at the current and next two-year growth rates, it is assumed that by 2018 Alihuun will have reached the size of the aws in 2013 and will have earned 20% left, right, and 10-15% net profit. Alihuun is currently less than one tenth of the size of the aws, which means Ali.
In addition to the cost reductions associated with the scale effect, the seven-star data centre, which was built in 2017, landed in a cave in Guizhou with a total area of about 700 acres and a hole area of over 30,000 square metres. The caves are extremely low in terms of price and geography.
The low cost of evaporation also saves huge data centers a lot. Both the domestic presence of foreign firms and the impact of scale reduce the cost of data centers’ construction, and in the future Bat will invest more in data centers, and server demand will grow in the coming years.
(iii) Artificial intelligence has enabled the market to move forward with an intelligent computing strategy of more than $47 billion a year, with a combined annual average growth rate of 55.1 per cent.
In the one area, the wave has also played an important role. The current wave is now the main supplier of 100, Ali, and tungstom's calculating gpu server, with a 90% occupancy rate and keeping it in the system with multi-family industrial intelligence leading companies.
In close cooperation with applications, help clients achieve quantitative performance improvements in voice, image, video, search, network, etc., reaching 60% of the ai computing platform in China. In addition, wave operations now cover 113 countries and territories, with 8 global R & D centres and 6 global life.
The production centres and the two Global Service Centres are growing rapidly in regional markets such as Europe and the United States, where the current wave is extending the operational advantage from one hardware to the platform level. In terms of computing, hardware at multiple levels, the wave has released agx-2, gx4, sr-ai, among other products, and has become a manufacturer with the most abundant one-server product lines.
Figure 21: Wave-ai product line layout 3 - Internal and external to build wave industry advantages (i) from odm to jdm, from traditional business models to product customization
Under the traditional odm model, branders are at the heart of the industrial chain, leading the entire chain from design to marketing, with the advantages of design, quality, service, and application. And, with cloud age, virtualization and open-source software development separates software from software and hardware, service providers develop software tailored to their own needs and seek customization directly upstream, with downstream customers starting to dominate the industrial chain.
Jdm is a new business model that is different from the traditional odm, i.e., application-oriented, integrated industrial chains, joint custom development and cooperation models with clients. The core of Jdm is the integration of business chains, the wave Jdm model is a profound collaboration with users that has become more general in terms of supply and demand, and the relationship with users has changed from service to symbiotic.
At present, the wave of jdm models has moved further into the architecture, not only at the product development level, but also in the integration of industrial chains. The success of the jdm model has led to high growth in cloud server operations, and has created a wave of market competition.
(ii) In the face of ordinary generation plants, the wave has the technical advantage, and in the face of some conventional generation plants, the greatest advantage is that products are more in line with Bat requirements and better deployment delivery capacity. Internet enterprises have high delivery efficiency requirements for their own data centres. For example, if the data centre servers are purchased at ten per year.
Around 10,000 (nodes), based on the efficiency of white-plate vendors delivering 300-500 generic standard servers on a single day, there is a need to deliver more than 300 days on a continuous basis. In 2014, a wave of sr servers created a record of delivery of 5,000 nodes in single-day rooms.
And, achieving efficiency is at the heart of the current build-up of server technology. More and more companies are now moving their business systems from traditional data centres to data centres of cloud service providers, with multiple nodes with high density, expansion, viability, and high transport efficiency advantages suitable for building cloud server clusters.
The sales of these large x86 servers have increased by 1.43 times. The Waves ' 860 series is an autonomous high-end eight-way server, and in the multi-way server market, the Waves have an absolute advantage over the general-generation plants. (iii) Actively expanding overseas operations into global enterprises.
In 2017, the wave worked on the construction of open integration computing ecology, becoming the only server provider to join the three open-calculation standards organizations around the world: ocp, odcc, and open 19. The wave actively promoted China’s csp’s leading standards abroad, while also bringing foreign leading standards into China, promoting open-calculation ecology, and applying them to the next generation of data centres.
In 2017, at the Open Data Center summit, the waver sr's hangar became the first officially certified full-air server through odcc; as an ocp platinum member, the ocpsummit2017 in the United States published the ocp standard.
Machine serveror series, ocp community headline based on the intelskylake platform ' s wave of anon5263m5 server October Figure 22: Wave is the only server provider worldwide that supports all open-source hardware projects.
Year after year, data demand grew, and apples began to focus on building their own cloud services in order to reduce spending. In this context, Apple chose to work with the Chinese server provider wave group, and the wave became an important partner in its data-centre supply chain.
The advantage of dell's cheapness lies in its jdm business model and enough experience in building cloud centers. Apple technology needs, a wave that took only one month to develop, and counterdell and hpe, three months to reach the end of a wave that is not only a leader in the domestic server market, but also a wave that has emerged in foreign markets and is selling out.
So far, the largest overseas partner in the wave has been Apple, and the current overall volume and share of the wave is still lagging behind at the global level, by hpe and dell, third, but the increase in the volume is first, with an average composite growth rate of 35%.
They believe that the wave will continue to expand overseas markets over the next two to three years to achieve that goal, to occupy important seats in the global market, and to give new impetus to the company, and that the wave, in its announcement of 6 July, agreed to implement the equity incentive, and was also encouraged by the market's doubts about the company.
Corporate officers. This incentive, which covers 136 people, including company directors, senior managers, core technicians, etc., has a broader and mostly corporate backbone, which has also added momentum to the company’s business expansion. Moreover, the incentive is unprecedented, with 3.79.6 million stock options being awarded to the incentive audience, representing approximately 2.94 per cent of the company’s total equity at the time of this draft incentive announcement.
Equity options account for 1% of total equity, and 92,000 shares per capita, both in terms of coverage and per capita options, are the highest in history. We believe that this round of equity incentives will give new impetus to the company’s development in the coming years.
(i) Increased competition in the upstream market and a decline in company costs. Before 2017, Intel had almost exclusive access to the x86 server chip, and in 2016 the x86 chip had a 98 per cent share of global service sales. By 2017, the amd was emptying up with its data centre processor, the pyc series.
After breaking the market pattern of the almost exclusive X86 commercial processor by Intel, its series of chip advantages include: excellent performance, low energy consumption, high-compatibility, etc.md officially boarded a ryzen 71,800x high-end eight-desk processor, at a price of only $499 but capable of performing.
The market winds are about to change as much as the corei-7-8700k chips sold by the US-Intel. The competition offered by amd also brings lower costs to its downstream producers. Figure 25:Amd and Intel chip performances are overrated (multiline).
On the server, the 32 nuclear server at md compared to the 22 top-level cpu at intel, far above the size of intel, with 128 channels relative to 80, and on the indicators, amd leads the intel.
The seven giants – Microsoft, 100 degrees, and so on – also expressed support for the amdepyc chip series, and Microsoft azure became the world’s first cloud computing provider to provide amdepyc with its high performance and value in 2017. And 100 degrees.
They say they're going to use the md server chip for their search, cloud computing, etc. Increased competition in the market will enhance the bargaining power of the upstream market, thereby reducing company costs. (ii) Improved income structure, with three major price fluctuations shifting downstream.
As the market’s concentration increases further, the wave continues to rise in the share of Internet customers among government clients. In terms of the distribution of corporate clients, overseas operations accounted for 15% in 17 years, the Internet for 50%, government 15%, and the rest, mainly at the enterprise level.
The expansion of overseas operations will be an opportunity to improve the Māori rate, which will reach between 12 and 15 per cent once access to high-end servers and artificial intelligence is reached, as the company moves into the area of artificial intelligence, the current tide is dominated by the mid- and low-end server market, which is about 8 per cent lower.
The government market has a large Maori rate, and the tide will continue to consolidate its occupancy rate and increase its investment, and some parts of the government are slowly gaining ground. The wave is also developing a political cloud for government clients and will expand its market in the future, which will be a killer for raising the public Maori ratio. The company’s revenue structure is now slowly stabilizing, and future Maori rates will not fluctuate too much.
The price of the three pieces rose at the beginning of 2016, and the client began not to recognize the price fluctuations. After more than a year, downstream customers began to accept the price fluctuations slowly, so that the price increases of the three items can now be smoothly transferred downhill and bargaining power improved.
The company’s rapid expansion of revenue has been accompanied by a certain squeeze in the short term, but while the company’s Māori rate is currently at a low level, the rapid increase in the unit price of the product has reduced the pressure on the Māori rate. According to gartner, the product unit price of the wave server has increased by about 36% over the same period, while Hpe and Dell have raised only 20% and 34%.
We believe that in the long run, the risk of a future decline in the company ' s Māori rate is limited. (iii) Improved cost, improved operating capacity.
Households have gradually stabilized, and sales rates have been declining year by year; research and development investment in management costs has continued to increase, exceeding $1 billion in 17 years. 1801 companies have phased out some of the low-capacity workers, increased per capita output in the form of pay incentives and continued to increase their research and development inputs, with a slight increase in management costs.
Over the past three years, there has been a marked improvement in many of the company ' s performance indicators, with a 17-year year-on-year increase in the turnover of receivables by 1.54 per cent and a reduction in payables by 1.26 per cent, indicating an increase in the company ' s bargaining capacity up and down. V. Valuation analysis and investment recommendations
The company is valued using a three-stage free cash flow model. 1) Free cash flow (fcf) = operating cash flow - increased operating capital - increased capital expenditure 2) Equity cost = rf + beta (rm-rf)
3) Wacc = cost of claims . (1-tax rate) .d/(d+e) + cost of equity .e/(d+e) year; phase 3 is a permanent one.
Companies are undoubtedly leading the server industry in the country, and as the demand for servers increases and the company is further configured, the company’s goal is to become a global server industry leader in 2020. The company’s operating income structure will gradually improve, with increased competition between the company and the server sector expected to increase, with less capacity to negotiate upstream and downstream than expected.