On August 9, 2023, the Federation of Industrial Wealth published its mid-2023 report. The company 1h23 achieved operating income.
\triangleright realizes a net profit from non-repatriation of $7,536 million, an increase of 18.27 per cent over the same period. In a single quarter, 2q23 realizes an operating income of $10,888 million, a decrease of 16.07 per cent over the same period, and a net profit from repatriation of $4,033 million over the same period.
In the new wave of the digital economy, the demand for arithmetic and network upgrades has increased considerably. The generation of aai application, represented by chhatgpt \triangleright, has triggered a new round of arithmetic demand. According to idc data, 2023 was the year of high global demand.
The size of the market is expected to reach $24.8 billion for a single server, with an annual increase of up to 27 per cent. Large model training and reasoning have led to a dramatic increase in data volume, with the data centre ' s increasing demand for high bandwidth and low delay.
A total of $20.880 billion, representing more than half of the total market share of the global switchboard, became the main switchboard operator, a pre-positioned one server with the highest volume of delivery worldwide.
In the field of \triangleright, long-term city leadership in the global server market and close collaboration with the world’s top customers, the big calculators. Companies are continuously looking at the growth prospects of their own servers and are accelerating their research and development.
A generation-ai servers, as well as extended mobile servers, peripheral servers, space Internet operations: 23q1 high-quality and steady increase in future-a-server exposures of "2+2" deep-deep global layouts, and research and development resources to consolidate technological innovations.
Words of opportunity, companies have proposed a development strategy for “2+2”, which, on the one hand, continuously strengthens the core competitiveness of “high-end smart manufacturing + industrial Internet” and, on the other hand, expands further around “big data” and “robots” with high levels of innovation in performance and red ratios, accelerating cloud computing.
Business map. The company insists on its strategy of “deep-farming China’s global layout” and continues to increase its investment in China. U 3. The three-quarters of 2022 report of the Confederation of Industries (601138.sh) is in the field of high-end smart manufacturing.
Production began in the year. 1h23 The company ' s R & D investment amounted to $4.932 billion and the number of R & D technicians exceeded 4. The Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh) reported in mid-2022: \triangleright
Good business performance, high growth in cloud computing and industrial Internet, and optimal corporate product structure are expected to lead to an overall improvement in the quality of major business and further high levels of profitability
Assessment: Single-quarter harvests of hundreds of millions, productive and business resilience, net profit returns to mothers of 222.18/248.20/271.2 billion yuan, conclusions of studies corresponding to the method and analytical logic of the closing of 9 August 2023, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and observations. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.