Performance meets expectations, wait-a-ai server loads, arithmetic needs are high, ai trends are showing up. 2023h1 models break through the odd spot, which is \triangleright.
The chain of power industries is gradually becoming clear, from the upper gpu to the middle-stream server & exchange to the core hardware of power, which is built in tandem with the base-ai era. The company's card-point industry hub is heavily tied up to the gpu manufacturers like Yveta, amd, etc., where the supply chain of scarce resources is stabilized; the next one is with the head csp.
The company is expected to benefit from the core as the one-stop shop for the data centre grows up. With technological innovation, remote servers with multiple scenarios, multiple dimensions, modularization of the data centre are introduced.
High-performance ai server, a cloud game server, was shipped in March. 2023h1, with a significant increase in profitability and a 25% increase in the overall server's Māori ratio through product restructuring.
Exchange networks are high-speed connected, and high-quality client groups support performance. Inter-server data transfers provide high-speed runways, where ai uses high-end switches and routers. 2023h1, the growth of company high-speed switches and high-speed routers increases by 70% and 95%, respectively.
The 2023h1,400g switch is growing rapidly, and the 800g switch is now in the npi phase, and the company is expected to contribute in the second half of the year. Looking forward to 2024, with the deployment of the one server, the demand for the high end switch is increasing, and the 800g switch is expected to be rapidly released.
Prospective, maintaining the company's “buy-in” rating.
In December 2022, he joined the Sinda Electronics Group, which is directed at optical, consumer electronics, auto electronics, etc. In December 2022, he joined the Sinda Electronics Group, which is directed to sophisticated electronics, semiconductor equipment and zero.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.