A slight decline in performance, and the emerging business contribution to long-term development of the Tianfu News (300394). Recently, the Tianfu News published three-quarterly reports in 2017: gross operating income of $252 million, an increase over the same period in the previous year.
11.90 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $84.28 million, a decrease of 5.09 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and, at the same time, the Department intends to establish fully-owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong with a registered capital of 100,000 Hong Kong dollars, financed by company-owned money.
The reason for this is that, on the one hand, the unit value of the product has declined over the same period, and on the other hand, the front-loading of the new product line has been larger, and the period under review has been characterized by a sustained upscaling of production capacity. With the completion of the project to raise funds at the time of the company ' s listing, the traditional business capacity of the company has gradually expanded, but the same unit price of the product has been declining, leading to a certain impact on performance.
Since the market, while strengthening the endogenous growth of the original product, taking full advantage of client demand, using the established R & D centres to develop and design new products, many new products have gradually moved into bulk production, although performance has not yet been released, as the new product is still at the advanced stage of input.
During the reporting period, the three product lines of ceramic tubes, adapters, and optical and transient components were the company's preferred business, with the new R & D centres being built to upgrade technology and improve the process, and the company's “stabilizer” at this stage of its development.
The project on the expansion and upgrading of lightless devices has been completed, promoting three product lines and consolidating competitive advantages. At the same time, the company has developed several new product lines, including the Osaodm high-speed optical device product line, the sequester product line and the mpo series line, and the fine fiberlens of the foil, among others, which will be made operational.
The company actively promotes the process of product certification and volume production, the OSa high-speed, the OSa high-speed, and sequester product lines have been produced in bulk, the capacity has been released in bulk, and some customers of the mpo product lines have entered mass production. The company is actively preparing new product lines to upgrade their capacity, including OSa high-speed lightware products.
During the reporting period, the company increased by no more than $718 million for high-speed light devices (for downstream light module customers).
The construction project will enhance the production capacity of the various high-speed devices, helping companies to optimize the structure of their products and improve the market.
Shares, maintaining an advantage within the industry, enhancing integrated competitiveness in the field of optical devices, upgrading the combined capacity of light-module households to provide a package of zero components, increasing the company's operating income and profitability, increasing its market penetration, accelerating the entry of source-light devices, and maintaining a dominant position within the industry are strategicly important.
1. Mobil Communications (300349) evaluation report: Increase layout high-speed optical devices, which drive long-term performance towards good performance The lightware industry is not as well as expected: production of new products is not as fast as expected; the fixed-in projects are not working well.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People ' s University of China, director of the baa Business School, China Petroleum University; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, 2016 Yang Jian, master ' s degree degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined the People ' s Masson in August 2015, graduated from the same University, master ' s degree in business management, and joined the civil securities in 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.