Significant over-expected growth in performance and a significant increase in combined strength - Valtay Securities - Quarterly Performance Appraisal Summary Report/Non-Bank Finance
On April 26, a quarterly report was issued by the Huatai Securities Institute, which achieved operating income of $4,290 million, an increase of 13.35 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $1.903 billion, an increase of 43.07 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 18.48 per cent in the non-return to the mother, an increase of 38.83 per cent in the same year, and a robust recovery. Investment returns boosted net profit growth by over 40 per cent.
A 13.35 per cent growth in corporate revenue and 43.07 per cent higher than expected in the first quarter of the year, as a result of robust operations, investment returns contributed to higher performance: 1) investment returns from companies reached $1.35 billion, significant growth
1) In one quarter, the company brokerage business was ranked first in the industry, with 2.5 percentage points higher than in the second, with a strong leadership position. 2) In the first quarter of the association, the amount of $80,239 million was the fifth in the volume, with 4 of the ipo, 10 more and 9 more in the amount of company debt. Thirty-three of the Chinese securities abs were issued, with market share.
Increased scientific and technological investment by companies and significant results in IT and Internet construction 1) Increased investment by companies in software research and development during the first quarter, with construction projects increasing by 52.48 per cent to $91 million.it Construction will continue to improve the level of fine-tuning operations and establish and improve specialized information technology services for business lines
The branding effect of the service platform highlights the transformation of retailing into wealth management. Companies’ traditional business growth is robust, brokering leadership is strong, and financial technology is driving the transformation of wealth management faster.
Derivatives have increased significantly in size, and investment power has contributed to higher corporate performance.
2. The People's Democratic Bank weekly report 2018,0416: tax success pilot, open up to the public and boost the mood of the board.
Xiaoping, a mid-level economist, and a Master of Economics from the University of Xian Transport, formerly in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of Strategy and Development of the Large State Enterprise, responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research.
Chen Xing, a doctor of business law from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and post-doctor of financial science. In 2017, the author joined the civil securities firm, with a qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, fair, and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.