Recommended (for the first time) Financial technology promotes wealth management, institutional operations go hand in hand with international operations Financial technology promotes wealth management, share of stock-based transactions remaining in the industry for the fourth year in a row
The market share has declined slightly. In 2017, corporate agents bought and sold securities first in the whole industry. In 2017, companies continued to contribute to brokering through mobile terminals, “Growing Wealth”, with 11,477 million downloads throughout the year.
Second, the average monthly activity was 5.8396 million; the monthly activity was permanently ranked first in the securities company category. The mobile terminal account opened at 1.158 million, or 98.49 per cent of the company's total openings, throughout the year.
The Department’s retail customers are the main trading channels, with 85.29% of the company’s trading clients traded through the “Creation of Leather Wealth.” In 2017, the firm’s capital intermediation business grew steadily, and interest income from stock pledge buybacks increased dramatically.
By the end of 2017, the closing balance of the company finance voucher operation was 58.813 billion yuan, and the balance of the pledge-type buy-back business was 90.875 billion yuan, an increase of 31.65 per cent over the same period.
Corporate corporate service lines are led by an investment firm, linked to corporate sales, and a “one-size-fits-all” corporate customer service system has been established through the integration of various lines of business, such as investment transactions, research, pb, etc. By the end of 2017, the company would have been able to provide a “one-size-fits-all” service.
Billion dollars; 2727 online products for private fund-raising services (with the capital-management subsidiary's public fund-raising division amounting to 43.6123 billion yuan, the market share being a decline in the pace with the market, and the financial consultant's advantage is evident.
In the case of middle equity owners, the amount was $11,572 million, a decrease of 29.96 per cent from the previous year, slightly better than the industry (31.36 per cent), with a fifth share in the market; bond owners kept up the increase, with a seventh share in the market.
The amount of the approved M & As transaction was RMB 97,304 million, and the industry rank 1nd in the capital management business remained generally stable, with a substantial increase in the size of the structural abs and a contraction in futures management.
The size of the targeted asset management plan and the dedicated asset management plan vary from one to another.
By 2017, there had been an increase of about 31%; the satellitemark platform had served more than 7,100 independent investors.
The assumption that corporate operations will evolve on a larger scale, that firms (consolidated with the Washington Coalition and the Hua Thai Capital) will remain stable and that corporate financial science and technology will continue to prevail is less than expected; that investment management operations will fall short of expectations; and that international business will not grow as fast as possible.
Pan Young-Long: Nine years of experience in securities research at Xiamen University, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, mainly in research and follow-up areas: the new energy sector for electrical equipment, and the non-monetary financial sector. The report was produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.