The pharmaceutical industry continues to grow at a very high rate and continues to enjoy the long term.
Lee Ping-hoon increased by 39.27 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers by $210 million, or 46.26 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-return to mothers by $182 million, or 27.33 per cent in the same year.
The net non-mortality gain, which we believe is lower than the end of the income line, is mainly due to the higher net profit base for pharmaceutical operations during the same period last year, as well as to the increased cost of sales and research and development, and provides information for the preparation of this report.
In the first quarter, the pharmaceutical business as a whole maintained a high rate of growth: overall income increased by 40.47%, net profits increased by 44.44%, net profits increased by more than 30% after excluding the proceeds from the disposal of non-current assets (primarily giving out 60% of the 100g pharmaceutical industry).
The pharmaceutical industry increased its income by about 40 per cent and net profits by about 25 per cent, mainly as a result of the higher net profit base and higher R&D and sales costs during the same period last year; 100 grams of both biological revenue and net profits grew at a rate of over 100 per cent, mainly due to the increase in vaccine prices for apox.
In financial terms, management costs increased by 40.49 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of increased research and development inputs from pharmaceutical companies; sales costs increased by 47.93 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the continued growth hormone business; expansion of the marketing team, market coverage and higher vaccine coverage; and investment returns.
This represents an increase of 247.56%, mainly due to an increase in the proceeds from the treatment of 100 grams of pharmaceuticals; in addition, during the reporting period, the company's controlling subsidiary, 100 grams of Biology and Joo Hae-Teno, signed a contract for the transfer of technology for human-source anti-rabies monocloned antibodies.
It's an innovative drug associated with a rabies vaccine for post-exposure prevention of rabies, which is currently in the pre-clinical development phase. The contract price totals $31.8 million (including taxes), with an initial payment of $6 million.
At the same time, if the contract is valid for 60 months without obtaining a clinical release, Tenor has the right to recover all the rights and interests agreed upon in the contract.
2.2017-12-14 Long Spring High Event Review: Investing in the life of the Soviets, with heavy weight on the layout, 3.2017-10-24 Long Spring High Three Quarterly Review of Pneumonia.
4.2017-09-06 Long Spring High Event Review: Share in US Rani, K-bit Growth Hormone Oral Medicines Technology 5.2017-08-18 High Spring High Six-Year Review: Full Up Speed of Pharmaceutical Operations, I
(i) Growth hormone q1 has a strong growth momentum and a strong dominant position, opening up incremental markets, increasing hospital coverage and child intake, and, on the other hand, consolidating stocks with child drug use. The company has an all-round advantage in the domestic growth hormone market, and we look forward to keeping its growth high in the future.
For domestic growth hormone taps, the full-scale, end-control, and the fastest-growing adaptive conditions are available. We see high growth in corporate growth hormone operations: (1) The domestic growth hormone market has a huge space for expansion.
Ten thousand, of which growth hormone deficiency (hd) affects more than 2.8 million children, while the treatment rate for ghd is only about 4%, and the size of the national market in 2017 is about 3 billion yuan. If only hd adaptation is considered, and long-acting types are not taken into account, it is assumed that the penetration rate in future towns and villages will be 20%, 10%, and the water and powder use ratio will be 4:6 and 1:9, respectively, conservatively estimated.
Long hormone treatment ghd market is at least $11 billion. (2) Sales teams continue to expand, sales channels continue to sink, and market coverage expands. Corporate growth hormone sales team, which has thousands of people, will continue to expand sales teams in the future and will continue to expand market coverage, thereby increasing hospital coverage.
(iii) Long-acting bidding is progressing well, and the iv clinical phase is in the process of taking over, with the product being released. At the end of 2017, a statistical analysis phase is under way, which will provide a solid basis for the follow-up academic extension of the product and the march to the Euro-American market.
(4) Competing is unlikely to capture the market share of the Golden Race needle in the short term. Given the large space available in the domestic market, households are expected to grow together.
Foreign competition in hand, despite the fact that Nord and Nord products have been marketed, is still faced with the issues of bidding, re-arrangement in the courthouse. Given foreign firms’ limited academic outreach capacity in the country, and higher prices for their products, the company is expected to have a limited impact. (5) Grow hormones are mostly prescriptions outside the courtyard and are not subject to drug-based ratios.
Following confirmation of the use of growth hormones at the beginning of the tri-a hospital, a prescription was distributed to the children’s hospital or to the clinic on the side of the hospital, without being affected by the hospital’s strict drug-control ratio. (6) The consumption of medicines has increased and the market for children’s height management has warmed up.
The consumption-dependent market, represented by high-level management, has continued to warm. (ii) Vaccine operations have continued to grow well and performance has increased at a faster rate, and we estimate that the overall growth of corporate vaccine operations has increased at a faster rate than 100 per cent during the reporting period, with both projected yields and net profits rising at a higher rate than 100 per cent.
We believe that this is mainly the result of an increase in the price of 100 grams of biopox vaccine: an increase in the sales of two needles and a price increase for products: the 18-month-old rabies vaccine process in the Myfon pharmaceutical industry has stabilized and continued to lose. At the same time, according to ICE, 218q1 achieved a total of 729,000 vials, a decrease of 38.1 per cent, and a batch of rabies.
Issuance of 657,000 bottles, an increase of 671.9 per cent over the same period, figure 1.100 g of hydrazine vaccine batch issuance (million bottles) Figure 2. Mass issuance of rabies vaccine (million bottles)
We believe that the company’s vaccine business will enter a new phase of development: (1) water pox vaccine continues to open international markets and is expected to accelerate its release in the future. The company’s pox vaccine has been registered in India, Nigeria, and is about to be registered in Indonesia. In parallel, Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, Thailand are under way.
The registration process in countries like China is expected to lead to further release in the future through sustained expansion of the international market; (2) the rabies vaccine process has stabilized in the 18th century and is expected to be lost in 2018. (3) The conversion and release of the ecstasy process has advanced in an orderly manner, and a sufficient volume of the products needed for the ii clinical trials are now available.
(b) (4) The iii clinical intake of ii has been completed as scheduled, and if successfully placed on the market will fill in the nasal spraying (5) It is hoped that the domestic market will be shared by investing in a combination of heavy pneumoconiosis vaccine.
(6) The purchase of human-source anti-rabies mono-optimal technologies, if successfully placed on the market, will create synergies with the company’s already available rabies vaccine. (iii) Reorganisers have broad prospects for substitution of ovarian hormones for imports.
It is the dominant drug in the field of assisted reproduction in the country, where recombinant ovarian hormones have a high technical barrier, high quality control, stability, low risk of contamination, and high psychological acceptance of patients. Currently, the reorganiser market is being led by imported products, the company’s products are the first in the country, and the provincial tenders have been actively promoted since they were approved in May 2015.
Nearly 20 provinces and cities, Fujian, Jiangsu, Nemon and others, have won just less than the price of imported products, and in 2017 the company sold about $45 million. We believe that the market for ovarians is concentrated in specialist assisted reproductive hospitals, and in short-term medicine production practices, the company market is facing some resistance, but it is hoped to replicate the success of growth hormone import substitution in the future.
The company is the leader of the domestic biopharmaceutical, and we believe that growth hormone performance will continue to grow at a high rate: as consumption rises and people focus on height management, the growth hormone market will grow in the future. The company has a product line in the field of growth hormones.
The full range of advantages, such as the most complete, end-capable, the fastest-growing, technologically advanced, and positive layout of new delivery technologies. By agent type, the needles help to consolidate competitive advantages; the water needle research and development for new adaptive conditions is fast-tracked and is expected to be sustained; the long-acting type is exclusive, and the iv phase of clinical completion and expansion of distribution channels will drive high performance growth.
The vaccine business is about to enter a new phase: water, pox vaccines are opening up the international market, rabies vaccines will be lost through process modification and agent-type upgrading. Medium medicine performance is expected to overcome the negative effects of industrial policies by opening the end market and increasing steadily. The company’s real estate business will also remain flat.
Long-acting growth hormone iv clinical failure, restructuring of human ovarian hormone market failure, vaccine safety risks and policy risks, and research and development of new medicines have fallen short of expectations.