The growth hormone fast-disbursing firm's net profits are increasing at a rate of 25 April 2018.
I. Events: company reports issued in the first quarter of 2018. O1 achieved business income of $1.032 billion in 2018, an increase of 39.27 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to the owner of a listed company of $210 million, an increase of 46.26 per cent in the same year;
The net profit of the division's shareholders, net of non-recurring gains and losses, was $182 million, an increase of 27.33 per cent over the previous year, overpredictable, three-quarterly reviews in 2017: the Golden Race Medicines industry, 100 grams of biology growing rapidly, driving the public.
The semi-annual review of 2017: Biopharmaceuticals. Second, our point is that the growth hormone end of the Golden Race drug industry is expected to grow by more than 40%, 100 grams of vaccines continue to be released, and corporate performance continues to grow steadily. 1. The growth end of the Golden Race drug industry is expected to grow by more than 40%.
The growth of the company is driven by the plate, the profits are reported, and the performance of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals subsidiary has been on a fast-growing trend since 2015.
In the first quarter of the year, based on the results of our grass-roots research, it is expected that corporate product sales will grow faster than expected, driving firms to 40% of their performance in the first quarter. We believe that the main reason for their rapid growth is two: rising consumption leads to demand-side growth;
Increased marketing and promotion of companies. Increased consumption has enabled more patients to be willing and able to use bio4 and 2016 reports: Golden Race Drug Insurance, Long Hormones.
With a high rate of growth; 100 grams of biopox vaccine, which is now nearing the completion of the long-acting growth hormone IV clinic in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, the company's promotion of long-activating growth hormones will be further enhanced, and higher sales will lead to a higher volume of products.
In the first quarter of 2018, 100 grams of biopox vaccine was issued, amounting to 1,392,000, an increase of 18.11% over the same period. As the vaccine industry warms, the company has been growing steadily. We believe that the company's vaccine product is excellent.
Different, long-lived periods, with the steady growth of the chickenpox vaccine industry, are expected to capture the market share, with the company ' s Māori rate rising in 2018, with the cost rate rising to a high percentage point of future performance. We believe that this is mainly a cost reduction due to the scale effect and a low shift to higher prices (the way the tickets are made from the factory price).
As a result, the Māori rate of future companies is expected to continue to increase slightly. The net interest rate of companies has also risen, mainly because of the increase in the Māori rate as a result of the company’s size effect, and ultimately in the profit end.
The growth in costs, with the exception of a small shift from low to high, has led to a clear increase in sales promotion by companies. As sales increase, future performance will continue to grow rapidly.
It is judged that Kinsey, driven by such factors as down-flowing channels and rising stock ratios, is able to maintain high growth and continue to contribute to the public sector; 100 grams of organisms are gradually returning to domestic sales after the “vaccine event” and, at the same time, have been able to adapt their biological production processes, hopefully out of the loss and contribute to the company’s profits. We therefore maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Understood channels and product promotion were less than expected, and new items were listed less than expected.