New Union (002001.sz) semi-annual report 2024.
Of this amount, the nutrition business achieved operating income of $6.680 billion, an increase of 38.30 per cent in the same year, and the Maori rate of 35.86 per cent, an increase of 6.98 pcts in the same year; the fragrance business achieved operating income of $1,925 million, an increase in the same year; the nutrition business achieved an increase in the prices of its prices and the company is expected to benefit fully from the increase in the vitamin prices.
In the first half of the year, the production of 150,000 tons of new condensate produced by the company was completed in June 2023, the production of 300,000 tons of solid amino acid is now fully operational, the atmosphere in the sector rose markedly, the volume of exports and the average price of exports increased, and the subsidiary, Shandong's new and transmercic acids, became fully operational.
The company realized a net profit of 1,181 million yuan, an increase of 160.88 per cent. On vitamins, Basif officials announced that their base in Port Ludwig would not be reborn earlier than January 2025.
RMB/kg, an increase of 355.17% and 173.11%, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year. This event will result in a global supply of vitamins, which have a need-based properties in animal farming, with low additions making downstream feed companies less price-sensitive.
Prices are expected to continue to rise, thereby generating considerable profits for the company. Fragrances, new materials, are well developed. In fragrance plates, prices of aromatic and mintols have fallen slightly this year, but the overall output has been better and well developed, with subsidiaries in Shandong-Shung for the first half of the year.
The net profits of the pharmaceutical industry have increased by 12.04% over the same period. In the new material plate, the domestic prices of the apps have remained stable since this year, the company’s prices of the pps were better in the first half of the year, and the company’s strategic deployment of new energy materials, new environmental conservation materials, and new nylon materials projects are progressing well.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts, maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Since this year, the prices of the company's nutrients have increased significantly, the fragrances and new materials have been well run, and given that each company's business has a new project designed to exploit its technological advantages, we look forward to a long-term focus on the company.
We expect the net return profits of the company to reach a net cash flow of 2,138 million yuan in business activity in 2024-2026, an increase of 73.06% over the same period. Overall, in the first half of the year, the market price of the company’s main product was repaired, the company was more aggressive and expanded its market share, and the new product, the newcomer, was faster.
At the same time, companies can achieve steady growth in their performance by reducing efficiency gains through continuous innovation, optimizing production processes, resource mixes, energy consumption, etc.
It should be noted that the operation achieved operating income of $6.680 billion, an increase of 38.30 per cent in the same year, the Māori rate of 35.86 per cent, the Māori rate of 49.69 per cent, a decrease of 1.79 pcts in the same year, and the new material business of $722 million, an increase of 24.89 per cent in the same year.
According to the General Customs Department, in January-July 2024, China imported a cumulative 774 million tons of ecstasy, cumulatively equal to 17.95 per cent; over the same period, cumulatively exported 1608,000 tons of ecstasy, the company completed construction of a new 150,000 tons of ecstasy production capacity in Shandong in June 2023 and is now producing a new production capacity in Shandong.
30 (+5+10+15) tonnes of solid amino acid production units are fully operational and will then enter the year-round overhaul section. According to the company's E.C.E., Shandong New and Acid Corporation plans to expand its current production line of 15 (+10) tons of egg amino acid, which will in the future produce 220,000 tons of pine amino acid production.
The project to produce 180,000 tons of liquid eggs per year (50% of new and holding shares) in a joint venture between the company and China petrochemicals is under construction, and is expected to be completed by the end of the year, with a pilot phase in 2025; the two above-mentioned projects will produce 460,000 tons per year of consummate acid after delivery.
A marked upturn in the volume and average export prices of both exports, coupled with the company's ability to climb up to the current level of full production, has provided strong support for the company's growth in performance, with the company's main subsidiary in the Acid industry in the first half of the year achieving a business income of $3.206 billion for Shandong and Acid Co. Ltd., which increased by the same amount.
Figure 3: Number of exports of pine amino acid in China. Figure 4: Average unit price trends in exports of pyre amino acid in China since 2023.
On July 29, an organic solvent leak occurred at a plant south of the base of the port of Basv Ludwig, which is currently closed. According to Basf officials' network, on August 21st, some of its Ludwig territory's spiced raw materials will not be regenerated before October 2024, and va ve will not be reborn before 2025.
January. As a result of this emergency, prices on the domestic market in va and va rose significantly. By 22 August, the average market price in va had risen to $330/kg and the average market price in v to $162.5/kg, respectively, from 264.64 per cent on 29 July to 75.68 per cent on 29 July, and to 355.17 per cent at the beginning of the year.
173.11%. The event will result in a state-of-the-art supply of vitamins globally, which has a new demand profile in animal farming, and we analyse that the current profitability of the farming industry and the level of downstream acceptance of high-cost vitamins are expected to continue the current rapid rise in market prices.
In addition, according to the General Customs Administration, in January-July 2024, the cumulative volume of exports from va\timesve in China was +27.2 per cent, +28.84 per cent, which strongly supported the increase in prices of va and ve, and our analysis suggests that the significant increase in exports from va and ve in the country since this year is mainly due to low loads of vitamin industry overseas and high-end vitamin demand from overseas
In the first half of the year, the subsidiary of the company's main vitamin business, Shandong Nobunaga and the Vitamin Limited Division, achieved operating income of $1.623 billion, an increase of 48.99 per cent, and net profit of $571 million, compared with Piti, benefiting from higher prices of vitamin products and warmer domestic and foreign demand.
The nutrition plate has been steadily moving forward with the Black Dragon River base and the grass pedestal project. The new and Xiang Heilong River base locates the fermentation products, which are carried out under constant temperature pressure and are environmentally friendly and low carbon equivalent to nature.
The Heilongjiang base has invested heavily, mainly in longer industrial lines, higher public utility facilities, etc., and the market benefits of products have not been fully reflected. The Heilongjiang base is now actively promoting management improvements and reducing efficiency gains, and has achieved some results, with the goal of reducing losses this year.
The pilot project was successful, with the annual production of 60,000 tons of phosphate published in September 2023, and the project plans to invest 3 billion yuan, using the current state-of-the-art pyrolysis - aca production process and core raw material aca to achieve self-sufficiency.
The fragrance plate, which is dominated by the aromatic, lemon formaldehyde and folicol series, shows a slight decline in the price of aromatic and mintol exports this year, but the overall production is better and has grown steadily. In recent years, the company has a few new fragrances each year.
In the first half of this year, the company’s subsidiary Shandong Pharmacy Company Ltd., which owns the spices, achieved operating revenues of 2,086 million yuan, and the pps materials were well developed, with strategic deployments of new energy materials, new environmental materials, and new nylon materials.
The plate, the company ' s 7,000-ton/year pps three-phase project, was launched in 2023, with an existing capacity of 22,000 tons, is currently in normal production, the domestic prices of the pps as a whole have remained stable since this year, and the company ' s prices of the pps have been relatively good in the first half of the year, with tons of ipda, 4,000 tons of dia, 3,000 tons of hdi, and the products are now being sampled and market-opened by customers.
In addition, in order to speed up and improve the layout of the company’s new materials portfolio, the company plans to invest in a new nylon project in Tianjin, with a total investment of about RMB 10 billion. The project is to be implemented in two phases, with an investment of RMB 3 billion and a construction of 100,000.
Tons/year dibenzo-dichloride project (Lylon 66 raw materials), which is now under consideration by the company's board of directors and pending adoption by the company's general stockholders' meeting. Investment proposal: maintenance of profit forecasts, maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating.
The price of nutrient plate products has risen significantly since then, and the fragrances and new material plates are well run. Given that each business section of the company has a new project designed to exploit its technological advantages, we look forward to the company’s potential for growth over the long term, focusing on research and development. We maintain the company’s profit projections, which are expected to be 2024-2026.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject