New Union (002001.sz): Nutritional plate 29 August 2024 Growth and construction of new projects in an orderly manner
New and new and published mid-2024: In the first half of 2024, the company achieved a business income of $9,845 million, and Zhejiang Seng and Seng and Seng, Inc., was founded in 1999.
Youy+32.70%, net profit from the mother is 2,204 million yuan, yoy+48.62%. Core products such as vitamins, nutrient plates, etc., have increased in volume, leading to performance growth. From the income end, a listed company.
The accumulation of technology, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate aerobics fork, with organic synthesis as a link, has successfully expanded operations into vitamins, fragrances, new materials, pyrin.
The company now accounts for 722 million yuan, a 24.89 per cent increase in the volume of new material generated by the world’s four largest vitamin producers. At the profit end, in the first half of 2024, it has grown into an influential spice company.
The company ' s combined Māori rate increased by 4.37 percentage points to 37.11 per cent over the same period, leading to net profit growth for the company. Industry, competitively competitive companies producing ecstasy and prospects, new products, new projects, and the development of new projects have advanced in an orderly manner, and the company ' s product system has been enriched.
Physicalization, serialization, synergetic development strategies, with “Chemical Plus” and “Bioplus” as the two main core platforms, focusing on nutrients, fragrances, new materials for high molecules and raw materials, and constantly developing various types of chemicals.
The production capacity has been released and the construction of the 180,000-ton liquid pine amino acid (purity) project under the joint venture has been steadily advanced, the 4,000-ton/year-old cyst production has been stabilized and the fragrances project has been successfully tested. 2 fragrance plates: a series of ellipse projects, sa projects, and the spice garden phase have been steadily advanced. 3 new material plates: nylon
The first phase of the industrial chain project, 100,000 tons of dibenzo-dichloride, will be built in Tianjin and is currently in the process of being approved; the whole of the application for 30,000 tons, with the remaining 8,000 tons to be expanded depending on market conditions: the ha project will also be scheduled for construction in the future, depending on the city. We expect that the construction and deployment of these ongoing projects will help to move into one.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: New and emerging are the backbone of a country’s high-quality fine-chemists, and industrial chains and product series drive companies to grow into fine-chemists. Companies start from the center of medicine.
At home, we have successfully expanded our business into vitamins, fragrances, new materials, and egg ammonium. The gradual construction of new projects in the future is expected to enrich the company’s product system further.
East Hing Securities Corporation, New Union (002001.sz): Nutritional plates are growing better, new projects are being built in an orderly fashion.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the nutrition plate has grown better and that the construction of new projects has advanced in an orderly manner.
Liu Woo-chul has his own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.