Cheuk Seung-wak (300782); National production of radio frequency front end, long-term recommended (first) annual performance forecast for 2021: net return expected by 2021
The 2021 performance forecast meets expectations, and forward-looking product layout helps to benefit from the incremental demand for radio-frequency front-end products generated by the development of communication technology in 5g, combined with the corporate advantage of supply chain management. Companies focus on forward-looking research.
(b) New product-received end radio frequency module, based on good product performance and sufficient stability
According to yole data, by 2025, the front end of the radio frequency market will reach 11%, of which the market size of the radio frequency module will be $17.7 billion, or about $170 billion.
According to the pattern of competition, the top five industry leaders are foreign firms, which together accounted for 79 per cent of the market share of the front end of radio in 2019, with a severe shortfall in domestic supply and a replacement of national production.
The company's field of deep-farming radio frequency front-ends for more than a decade now, has a leading advantage in the domestic field of radio-frequency front-end segmentation, with a small number of radio-frequency devices from the country's leading international companies.
One of the suppliers. The company ' s products now covers radio frequency switches, bina, etc., and allows the complete reception of lfem, difem, linabank and ldifem subsets, which are used in the main launch module of 5gnr, i-pamif
And the wifi end module wififem, in which the receiving module has achieved a rapid upturn, totalling $662 million in the first half of 2021, representing 28.06 per cent of sales, while the launch of l-pamif in 2021 represented the company ' s achievement of radio frequency.
The entry of the main cluster area, where the full layout of the product pattern in the front end of the radio frequency field has emerged, is currently in the sample extension phase and is expected to reach mass production in the first quarter of 2022.
The company's investment layout's saw filter crystal round manufacturing and RF model encapsulation testing project is expected to be officially operational by the end of 2021, and based on our study of the integration of the RF model group, the saw filter is moving towards a higher degree of integration.
Both the receivers and the cut-in launch module play a vital role, and the company's layout of the saw filter is expected to be key to the breakup, leading to a combination growth of its product categories. We believe that the company builds filter production and module encapsulation.
Testing production lines helps them break through the bottlenecks of high-end filter production and improve their radio frequency module production capacity, leading to sustained growth in their performance, long-term growth of companies Downward risks in downstream industry, investment projects are not as fast as expected.
Business competition increases risks, overseas policy changes, etc.  Electronics group introduces Mao Jian, a three-year American semiconductor company with a global lead and half-time experience
I am not, nor will I be, driven by the details of this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.