Djoo Seung-wau (300782.sz) Ju Ji-ghang has benefited from the continued growth in demand for radio frequency products and the shift in product structure from a single separate device to a radio frequency.
In the short term, the mobile phone industry is weak, but we believe that 5g mobile phones have grown year-round.
Dynamic energy still exists, while the growth in output from companies such as wififem, lpamif, etc. will create a new boost to performance growth. Based on a short-term judgement that the mobile market is weak, and that the depreciation of the hard core is increasing, 4q21 is growing at a rapid rate: as a result of rapid growth in income from the radio frequency module, the company 2021
The net profit after deduction was 1.94 billion yuan, while y0y grew by 89 per cent. On a quarterly basis, 4q21 companies earned 1.150 billion yuan, while yoy grew by 41 per cent; net profit was 610 million, yoy grew by 72 per cent, qoq grew by 19 per cent, net profit after deduction was 440 million and y0y grew by 32 per cent. Overall, the company ' s performance at 4q21 continued.
High growth, except for a slowdown in demand for radio frequency from the start of the cellular end supply chain at 2h20, but the test rate is expected to raise the target for 5g mobile phones further by 2022, so we believe that the growth in the power of 5g mobile phones still exists and that the growth of products such as the company wifem will increase.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a gives new impetus to performance. The Crawford Semiconductor Project promotes the competitiveness of companies: each of the Crawl Semiconductor Construction Project.
The main structure was successfully capped at the end of June 2021. Crucial production will connect the company’s radio-frequency chips from design to manufacturing and will further enhance the company’s voice in the field of radio-frequency.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.