This week ' s industry perspective: multiple factors led to a lower rate of electricity generation in January-February, and multiple factors contributed to a lower rate of electricity generation in January-February. In the recent days, the China-China ITU has published national electricity industry statistics for January-February 2019, with electricity consumption of 1.11 per cent for the whole of society.
The primary sector grew by 7.9% in the same year, the second by 1.2% in the same year, the third by 10.3 per cent in the same year, and the third by 8.4 per cent in the same year, and the rural and urban residents by 15.2 per cent in the same year. The second by 4.1 per cent in the same period. The second by a sharp drop in the growth rate of electricity, while the rest of the industry by varying degrees.
We believe that this is mainly due to the higher electricity base at the beginning of last year, the higher and lower rates before the year's increase, and the warm winter that has been observed this year, with the population having less electricity than last year. The cumulative electricity generated at 110 million kilowatt-hours per year, as a result of the increase in electricity consumption, has increased by 2.9% compared to the same period last year.
The larger impact is that real estate investment and the start-up area continue to grow at a high level, which still contributes to electricity consumption and is expected to continue to contribute to electricity consumption this year against the backdrop of a decline in value added tax (VAT) and real estate transactions according to the area of utility.
This is the first time in the history of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and the second time in the history of the World Trade Organization (WTO) is the first time in the history of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and the second in the history of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and the second in the history of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and the second in the history of the World Trade Organization (WTO).
An important reference value for investors. [Excellently] Industry covers the best of companies, with one to two shares per issue. Weekly updates, if the offer remains the same, follow.
For the next three months, we believe that these stock movements will significantly defeat the market.
Cinda Securitiesco. ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City, Building No. 1 H.I.D. (600027) (2019-3-22 for $4.40)
1. The fire power industry is already at the bottom of the cycle, and as coal prices stabilize, there is a clear trend towards a backlash. The company’s performance relative to coal prices is more elastic. In 2017, as a result of high coal prices, the coal industry as a whole lost profits to the bottom of the cycle. In 2018, companies managed to control fuel production by controlling costs in a number of ways.
In 2018, the amount of electricity traded marketed by companies was about 86.1 billion kilowatt hours, with a ratio of 43.9 per cent of electricity traded during the same period last year, and the price of electricity settled by companies has been rising annually since the reform of electricity prices. In 2018, the average cost of electricity connected to the company was 407.27 yuan/megawatt hours, an increase of 8.89 yuan/megawatt hours over 2017. Companies increased their electricity volumes, prices, and performance marginal improvements.
The company, as a leader in the industry, is at the top of the industry in terms of the size of the company and the amount of power generated. The company's installed structure, fleet utilization and coal consumption are higher than the average in the industry.
The natural gas industry chain, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemicals intermediates, and new energy sources, automobile light-quantification, methanol economy, and carbon emissions. Wang Xiao, Research Assistant, Beijing University, M.A., North Grand National Development Institute, double degree in economics, and six years of experience at the National Electricity Network.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
The securities issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, and no special notice may be issued in respect of the credit securities.