Completion of the “storage + control + sensor” strategy, re-routing to the future — 603986 company review report issued annual reports, which continued to grow at a high rate in 2019: 3.202 billion dollars, a year-on-year increase.
Completion of the Storage + Control + Sensition strategy, re-routing to the future Market Value (millions of dollars): In 2019, the company incorporated Slim into the statement, meaning that the Storage + Control + Sensitization strategy is over
With the completion of the strategic layout, companies can speed up their access to new customers in areas such as networking of goods, car electronics, etc., and provide them with more comprehensive solutions. With the further expansion of the company’s operations, synergies between the various operations will gradually emerge, and future developments will be most imaginative.
Noorflash is limited by the epidemic, and there is still room for price hikes, which have been shrinking with the demise of functional mobile phones, and is now spurred back to growth by the abundance of downstream products on the Internet.
In order for the epidemic to affect supply-side expansion, the demand side, despite the impact of the epidemic, is still becoming more competitive, with the company’s share of the city rising in the third quarter of 2019.
In third place, it is enjoying a double increase in the size of the market and in the size of the city. Without fear of market space fluctuations, the General Mcu tap continues to grow.
The company’s leader, the nuclear generic mcu market in armcorpex-m, ranks third, after st and nxp. The market size of the mcu fell by 5.8 to 16.5 billion dollars in 2019, but the company’s revenue grew by 9.9 per cent in 2019, implying a further increase in the competitiveness of the company’s products.
In 2019, the company introduced mcu of the kernel 23 and the risc-v kernel, with a wider range of products, including communication transceivers, light modules, access networks, etc. Future revenues from the company’s mcu product will increase as coverage increases.
Epidemic affects product demand, supply chain product transport risks: product research and development is less than expected: product marketing, figure 1: MMI and its logic, MMI and logic
Market space has been shrinking with the demise of functional mobile phones, and is now spurred back to growth by the abundant downstream products of the network. The noorflash market is currently in a state of undersupply. The epidemic will affect supply-side expansion, although there is still uncertainty on the demand side about the impact of the epidemic.
There is still room for price increases because the current supply and demand gap has not been bridged. The company’s noorflash product is becoming more competitive, and the company’s share of the market in the third quarter of 2019 has jumped to number 3 and is enjoying it.
The company focused on the niche area of small capacity, and in 2019, the 38nm process product had stabilized its production and was in business, Nandflash.
In terms of autonomous R & D, the company is in the fund-raising phase, and when it is completed it will become an important part of the company's revenue collection;
In the area of fatty co-operation, the product of ddr4, lpdddr4 is now on the web of officials. The co-operation dram is based on the company selling grains for the co-op.
The company's mcu accumulated more than 300 million products, with more than 20,000 customers, the lead of the national utility, and ranked third in the nuclear generic mcu market in Armcorpex, after the st and nxp.
Launched in 2019 of mcu of anrcortexm23, with a wider product coverage, including transceivers, mcud modules, access to the network, etc. The market size of the mccu fell by 5.8 to 16.5 million United States dollars in 2019.
In 2019, Mcu’s revenue grew by 9.9%, which means that the competitiveness of the company’s products has been strengthened and the market share has increased. In the future, the company’s income will increase further as the market’s product coverage increases.
The company, which operates this part of its business in the first place, has introduced optical fingerprints on the lcd screen, super-small envelopes, lensed optical fingerprint products, ultra thin optical fingerprint products, large-scale tft optical fingerprint products, and has become the only company in the industry that has all the type of fingerprints. In the mems ultrasound fingerprint sensor,
There have also been stages of progress in research and development. The patent dispute between Stewardz and top technology has won over most of the projects.
The company continued to grow at a high rate in 2019, with annual revenues of 3.202 billion yuan, net profits of 607 million yuan to the mother, and growth in business income and net profits of 42.62 per cent and 49.85 per cent respectively.
The company’s operating income consists mainly of the storage of chips, microcontrols, and sensors. The memory remains the company’s watch, contributing 203 million, Māori 102 million, and Māori up to 50% throughout the year.
As a result of patent disputes with top-of-the-art technology, companies have made some out-of-pocket payments, resulting in a slightly lower than expected net profit for Sice. As a patent dispute is still pending, there is still a chance for a reversal of out-of-business expenditures.
2. Noorflash has a double benefit: market size increases and share increases, storage chips are an important part of company revenue, and the largest share of storage chips is noorflash.
Noorflash’s sales grew from 1,839 million in 2018 to 2,556 million in 2019, up by 39%. Looking at company sales data in recent years, noorflash has been growing at a high rate and gross interest rates have continued to rise, reaching 40% in 2019, indicating the company’s dominance in the market in this area.
Figure 5: Storage of chip collection data at the end of the functional cellular age, with its specific advantages, but its market space shrinks as the functional player disappears. According to cinnoresearch, the total sales of norflash in 2018 are:
US$ 2,596 billion, which, according to gartner, had exceeded US$ 7 billion in 2006. After more than a decade of growth, the market space in norflash has not increased or decreased in the context of inflation.
New opportunities. Whether traditional household appliances like refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines, televisions, electric cookers, new equipment like floor sweeps, blue-tooth boxes, etc., or all kinds of smart devices that are common in the outdoors, will become noor flash downstream applications. No separate market space in any of the above areas will be large, but they will be fine.
There's a very significant amount of it when you add up. The most significant increase is now in the norflash, which is in the field of tws headphones, screens, vehicle electronics, communications, three tables (water, electricity, gas). According to our calculations, the size of the market will be protected every year in the future, driven by new applications.
In 2017, noorflash manufacturers and cypress announced a gradual exit from low- and medium-volume consumer goods, pc markets, instead focusing on industrial controls, cars, and so on.
As a result of the Internet’s push to demand for products, the company’s products are sold on a straight line, driven by products such as tws headphones. The company’s market share surpassed the Light by the fourth in the second quarter of 2019, and surpassed the cypress by three quarters as the third-highest nonflash supplier in the world.
In addition, the company has passed the aec-q100 vehicle certification and has worked with some of the manufacturers. In the context of the expansion of the coverage of the company’s products, and the increased demand for the main object network, the company’s nonflash product is enjoying a double increase in market size and market occupancy.
3.mcu: Introduction of the M23 & Ric-v kernel, with broader coverage being the second-higher company product, Mccu has remained at around 45 per cent, and revenue levels have been rising in recent years, with a 22.5 per cent compound increase in the last four years. Market size of Mccu in 2019
For $16.5 billion, a 5.8 per cent decline in the same year, the volume of shipments fell from 28.1 billion in 2018 to 26.9 billion, but the company ' s recovery of such products remained at a rate of more than 10 per cent, indicating that the company ' s competitiveness in this area was still very broad, and therefore its downstream market was fragmented, with its leading companies adopting each other.
The kernels are self-contained. The kernels in the arm launch of the coltex-m series are a very important component of the generic mcu market, and the st and nxp have entered the top five of the mcu market through the coltex-m series. In China’s coltex-m general mccu market, the oasis innovation is ranked third by market occupation.
The smaller the number, the simpler the computational performance, the lower the power, the cheaper the price, the larger the computational performance, and the more the M23/m33, the two figures for the market, the higher the value of the value.
The M3/m33 is now rising as a result of high value for money relative to market ownership, and the company's introduction of m23 kernel mcu means that the company's products are more widely available and better able to meet market needs, in addition to its armcorpex-mm23, which is based on the rsc-v kernel.
The m3 series of chips provides a complete chain of tools from the chip to the program code library, development packages, design, etc. The company ' s risc-v product has an excellent portability: the size, location, functionality of each of the chip 's feet corresponds to its cortex-m, the user 's original.
The circuit board does not need any change; the interfaces and functions required by the user for the development environment are consistent with the original Cortex-m, and for the user only new \triangleright
Configure a new development environment with a similar difficulty as installing a new software. The user simply needs to replace the original chip on the circuit board with a chip in the rsic-v and to transplant the application originally used in the corpex-m to the new development environment and burn it to the new chip. This is convenient.
The transplantation environment is highly beneficial to users in their choice of new products, and in addition to directly raising their income levels, companies have a very important strategic interest in rolling out products such as risc-v. Like arm, x86, risc-v is a command set (also called architecture), based on risc-v.
The inner core of the command set design is called the risc-v inner core. We believe that the development prospects of rsic-v are vast, and that risc-v will become a very high command set in the age of interconnectivity. As the first global company to launch mcu based on risc-v, the company is already in the lead in the field of risc-v.
Like the first car on armcorpex-m in that year, if there were rapid developments in rsic-v in the future, the company would have made spectacular achievements in that area. Global developments have had an impact on all industries, and the company’s products go up and down.
Before, we analysed the situation as follows: due to the higher degree of automation of the production of the crystal mill, the high level of sealing of the clothing of the staff member, the \triangleright \triangleright
The risk is small, so the current capacity is less affected by the epidemic. Noorflash is still in a state of undersupply and price increases are continuing. So far, the sale of company products has been less affected by the epidemic, as there is still a gap in supply and demand, and companies depend heavily on productive capacity for their revenues.
(b) Demand-side: downstream part of the end-product sales is negatively affected by the epidemic, and demand is falling.
The risk is that if the global epidemic continues to increase, a further decline in demand could lead to a decline in corporate sales. Not all products at the demand end are adversely affected by the epidemic, and some of the preventive products, such as hot guns, are used by companies.
If the global epidemic continues to increase, there is a risk that corporate sales will be affected by the epidemic. But the downstream demand for corporate products is e-products, dissimilar to experience.
Unlike fee-based products, the epidemic may delay demand for products, but demand is less likely to disappear. Thus, even if the future development of the epidemic reduces the sale of corporate products, it will rebound after the epidemic has ended.1 The epidemic further affects demand for global development, leading to a lower risk of sales of corporate products;
(b) The risk of poor transport and delivery of corporate industrial chain products as a result of the tightening of global national policies to control the epidemic;
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.