The domestic market is stagnating, and the outlook is expected to pick up in the second half of the year. The domestic market is stagnating the company's performance, with a significant improvement in the q2 ring ratio.
On the profit side, equity incentives and depreciation amortization affected the company’s net profits by 78 million dollars, compared to the same period last year.
400g is still in peak demand, and construction resumed at 5g in the second half of the year. By 2021q2, the combined capital expenditure of four major overseas cloud producers exceeded $30 billion, which is nearly 50% higher than the same time, and the ring increased by more than 10%, highlighting strong downstream customer demand.
In the life cycle, we believe that 400g upgrades are not over, that demand remains high throughout the year, and that it is expected to reach the annual report "Study-Middle Creatures" (300308), 2020, and that there will be no pessimism in every market in the year.
And the year 2021 is a year in which the company’s performance is high, driven by 400g, to build a peak with 10 gpon built in the country, and the telecommunications market is up.
There are significant advantages in technology, products, and delivery capacity. 800g product industry is ahead of schedule.
Faced with the rapid product renewal cycle of the light module industry, the company, with its strong R & D power, is quick to report: performance meets expectations, 400 g of high-speed growth, and continues to be ahead of the next generation of products in the market. On December 4, 2020, the company launched its first 800g industry.
The Osfp and qsfp-dd800 series of light modules can be inserted and an additional 800-g production project is planned, leading the competition in both products and production.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude. The data used in my commitment reports are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on author's professional integrity and professional competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.