Shinji Mountain Evidence Satellite petrochemical (002648.sz) Basic Chemical
Reasons for the report: Annual reports, industry upturned performance, and project c2 was expected to improve performance 14 April 2021
The net profit of shareholders in parent companies was $1,586 million, an increase of 24.28 per cent. Net cash flows from operating activities were $520 million, a decrease of 138.42 per cent. In addition, companies released the first quarter of 2021, with a change in the global structure of chemical supply and demand, increasing overall chemical prices and higher downstream demand.
The impact of this improvement is that the prices and sales of corporate products have increased in tandem with rapid growth in corporate performance. Market data: The level of company Maori has increased slightly on 14 April 2021, and c3 operations have formed an industrial chain advantage and a size advantage.
\triangleright depressive effect, c3 major chemicals achieved sales of 12,8752 tons at an average sale price of $6932.5/market value in circulationa (billions):
Over the same period of the year, 2.59 pct was increased. In the first quarter of this year, the prices of products in the acrylic industry chain increased by the same season and by the ring, the price of oil by the ring increased significantly, the cost end of the market for acrylic was clearly profitable, and the supply and demand side remained the main factor affecting the market for acrylic, with the company currently producing 900,000 tons of acrylic and polypropylene.
450,000 tonnes, acrylic acids and esters, and c3 operations have formed an industrial chain and scale advantage. The C2 project is about to come into operation and is expected to boost corporate performance.
Two hundred and sixty thousand tons of joint production devices project, layout of the c2 industrial chain. On 29 December 2020, the United States orbit project was successfully launched in the first phase of the project and the supply chain of the supporting raw materials was fully established to provide security for the supply of raw materials for the project.
In a carbon neutral context, green low-carbon-led whole-industry chain layouts. Companies use low-carbon raw materials, ITC-A, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, 28th floor, to reduce carbon emissions through high conversion rates from green processes, extend down new high-end chemical materials and use them.
Middle China, 28 West Side Street, Beijing City, rich by-product of hydrogen gas, is expected to become the main hydrogen supplier in the Long Triangle and become the company's new business centre on the 7th floor.
An annual production rate of 900,000 tons of pdh installation is currently 3.6 tons/year, followed by the full production of the Shanxi Stock Company Limited project in two phases, with 140,000 tons of by-product hydrogen.
The MEC and Liquefied China signed the Framework Agreement for Cooperation on the New Materials Integration Project, with an investment of about 10.2 billion yuan, and intend to invest in the establishment of a new annual production of 800,000 tons of pdh, 800,000 tons of butonetylol, 120,000 tons of new quintylene and ancillary devices in the region of the Qishan Regional Council, the implementation of which is centred on low-carbon raw materials.
Important measures in the strategy to build industrial, scale-up, and technologically based industrial chains of new chemical materials. Current carbon peaks, carbon neutrality and targets provide opportunities for corporate strategic layout and implementation. \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.