q1 was performing as expected, with project c2 coming into production on 28 April, the first quarter of the company announcement 2021. According to the announcement, in the first quarter of 2021, the Department of Public Administration achieved a revenue of 3,624 million yuan, an increase of 119.22 per cent, and a net profit of 767 million yuan to the mother, the same amount.
● The year-on-year performance surges in the first quarter, thanks to better price spreads in the c3 industry chain, the prices of c3 products increased rapidly in the first quarter.
/tonne, 84.3 per cent increase in year-on-year; average price difference of 5850 yuan/tonne between acetate and raw material propane + butol, 115.6 per cent increase in year-on-year.
2. Construction of a new pdh project to strengthen the c3 chain, with energy consumption in the first quarter of 2021, with gross profits of 1,186 million yuan, an increase of 961 million yuan.
Industrial chains, bringing new profit growth points for companies 10,000 yuan, an increase of 115.97 per cent over the same year, mainly due to the implementation of new lease guidelines, increased occupancy rights, old costs, sales costs of $4.252 million, an increase of 14.45 per cent over the same period, and R & D costs of $163 million
Dollars, 88.52 per cent increase in the same year, mainly due to an increase in research and development projects; R & D inputs accounted for 4.51 per cent of receipts, a decrease of 0.7 percentage points in the same year. Net cash flows from corporate operations, $367 million, for days. Cash paid for fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets purchased by companies (capital openings).
● Project c2 is on the way to production, Phase 2 is on its way, and the performance is expected to be gradually realized
Devices, aromatic pullers) and downstream devices. Two vlec vessels are now ready, with 1.25 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device (phase I) officially entering the gas-fibre furnace in January 2021, and the ethylene fission device is operational in the countdown.
On 18 January 2021, work began on the ground-breaking construction of the ethylene ethylene fission device in the second phase of the Huyun Harbour. Six vlec ships have now entered into lease agreements or construction contracts.
As the c2 project comes into operation, the company’s industrial chain layout based on c2/c3 low-carbon raw materials will be completed, and performance is expected to materialize gradually, and the company is on the move. Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: risk of falling product prices: project construction is not as strong as expected
Contact person: Wang Peng, Master of Chemistry, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, University of Tianjin, four years of experience in energy chemical engineering, many years of experience in project investment assessment and market research, use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of this report, data and information used in this report from open information in the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these information, and without any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.