New and emerging (002001.sz): higher performance and continued progress in project construction
In the middle of the year 2025, a company achieved operating income of RMB 11,101 million in the first half of the year. Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc., founded in 1999, yoy+12.76%, net profit to the mother of RMB 3,603 million, yoy+63.46%.
A listed company. The company’s high focus on fine chemical synthesis and higher market prices for core products, such as vitamins, drives the company’s performance to increase.
With organic synthesis as a link, the business was successfully extended to vitamins, pygmino acid market prices, which were higher in the first half of the year than in the first half of the year, leading companies to nutrients, biomeals, fragrances, new materials, protein amino acid, etc.
In addition to the increase in corporate permeable fragrance plate per annum, the company now accounts for between $9.35 and $2,105 million more than the world’s four largest vitamin producers. The company’s combined Māori ratio increased significantly by 8.78 percentage points to the same year.
First, it has developed into an influential flavour company, with 45.89% leading to a significant increase in net corporate profits.
New products, new projects are being developed in an orderly manner, and the company’s product system is being enriched. The company adheres to a holistic, coherent and synergistic development strategy, with “chemist+” and “biological+” as the two main core platforms, focusing on nutrients, fragrances, new highly molecular materials and raw materials, and constantly developing various functions.
The construction of the project is proceeding in an orderly manner, which is expected to lead to an increase in the company’s performance.
In the Unit b/h Unit (millions of units), the Tianjin Niron New Materials Project has completed its resource compliance approvals for energy, land, etc. In addition, other technology upgrades and management upgrades are steadily moving forward, reserve projects and new projects are planned in an orderly manner.
It is expected that the construction and deployment of these ongoing projects will help to further enrich the company’s product system, extend the industrial chain, and promote its sustainable, high-quality development. Corporate profitability forecasting and investment ratings: new and emerging chemicals are the backbone of the country’s high-quality, fine chemical complexes, and industrial chains.
The company has successfully expanded its operations from the pharmaceutical center to vitamins, fragrances, new materials, and pine amino acid. The gradual construction of the company’s new projects is expected to enrich the company’s product system further. We maintain a profit margin for the company.
Not as expected; downstream demand is not as expected.
New Union (002001.sz): The same growth in performance, and project construction continues to push forward the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity and the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Company, New Shun (002001.sz): Performances are up and running and project construction is continuing.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.