25H1 performance has increased significantly, with new material performance steadily achieving robust growth in basic silos, release of new slabs, significant growth in h1 performance in mean prices of H1 vitamin series products and high cost end optimization while under new material
h1 nutrients, fragrances, new material plate operating income of 72, 21.05 and the continuing impact of the explosion at the German plant in Bastov, although down at q2 prices, the total cost of 2025h1 was above the average price of 2024h1; and the operating cost of the nutrient plate was the same.
Compared to 12.26 per cent, cost-end optimization and price-side support contributed to a significant increase in the profitability of vitamin plates. 2 New material plates: the growth of new materials was driven mainly by a significant increase in demand in areas such as new energy sources, semiconductors, high-end manufacturing, and the contribution of the pps to the ha project.
This has led to a significant improvement in the performance of the new material plate. 3 fragrance plates: which have benefited from the company ' s continued excellence in the product structure, the abundance of the spice product group, the robust performance of the fragrance plate, and the Shandong project, which has launched a new product layout, are currently in the lead-up and phased approval process.
The 180 000 tonnes/year liquid pygmy acid (purification) project in Ningbo Township has entered the experimental production phase. The 2025h1 company, in collaboration with China Pseudo, has completed the construction of 180,000 tonnes/year liquid pygmy acid (purification) project and is now in the trial production phase and has successfully produced qualified products, delivered by previous clients
Work has been done on the model, market opening, and so on. Q2 performance has fallen in relation to the growth ring, the vitamin climate has fallen, Bassfe's supply has been restored, vitamin prices have fallen back, and mainstream home- and home-based Acid manufacturers have been able to do so.
Issuance of a review plan to support the price of ecstasy, with a significant increase in the performance of 2025q2 compared to the growth ring of 1.24, a steady increase in the performance of new material items in the third quarter and a significant increase in the vitamin landscape
Deactivated force majeure, restored supply at Ludwig Harbour plant, supply-side pressure led to a decrease in the price of q2D, pressure on the nutrient plate ring, based on the mound, 3.
5.06 per cent long, an increase of 0.87 per cent on the same date, a tightening of the supply of purple light in Ningxia, the suspension of engineering repairs, which supports the price of pythonine, which contributes to performance with a steady increase in multi-plate operations and refinement of the multi-product matrix as the company ' s capacity is gradually released.
Based on the fine chemical industry, the company uses “Chemical+”, “Bio+” as its core technology table, and continuously enriches functional chemicals such as nutrients, fragrances, new materials, raw materials, etc. 1 fragrance: 17,000 tons of synthetic spices, 8209 tons of 3-methyl-3-butylene-1--
The environmental impact report for the ethanol, 5650 tons of isopenyldehyde project approved the announcement that the 77815 tons of synthetic spices project had completed a second epo-evaluation and that the company was constantly innovating and enriching spice varieties to promote a steady growth of the fragrance plate.2 New material: the Tianzinnilong New Materials project has acquired maritime rights.
The certificate, assessment, and the main device's environmental review are expected to be ready in 2027, with the completion of the delivery process, which will result in the formation of a chain of essential dibenzo-hydamine-nylon 66 intermediates and high-end nylon new material industries that will break through the technical barriers to nylon production of key intermediates.
The phosphine-based derivatives project revealed a total investment of 150 million yuan in the construction of a total of 45,000 tons of herbs, 10 per cent of herbsal soluble 40,000 tons and 20 per cent of herbsal soluble 30,000 tons.
(i) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products; (ii) safe production risks: (iii) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected, using legally compliant information and producing the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.