New Synth (002001.sz) Basic Chemical Unit (BIG) performance meets expectations and new projects contribute to growth
Income from the industry was $11.1 billion, a 13 per cent increase over the same period; net profit from the mother was $3.6 billion, which together contributed to the growth of the nutritional and spice plate revenues and profits, and contributed to the high performance growth.
The company ' s income structure for the first half of 2025 showed that the income from the nutrition plate was $7.2 billion, 2. " New and emerging companies take stock: vitamin prices rise, performance is bright " , billion yuan, a 9 per cent increase from the same year, and the Māori rate is 54 per cent, an increase of 4 pct from the same year.
The profits of the plate have increased significantly. The main areas such as nutrients, new materials, spices at the end of the sale are the new and emerging company ratings: high performance growth, the vitamin landscape, market opportunities, and the promotion of the ha series while consolidating the market advantage of the original product.
Upward, 2024.10.23 Market expansion for new products such as cyanide; production focus on yield efficiency, continuous optimization of negative production loads, production through collines, centralization, high production and low consumption, etc., to keep production lines operating efficiently.
The project was built in an orderly manner, and the process of sailing to the sea was progressing steadily. Most of the projects in the new project were steadily advanced and the overall pace was stable and manageable. The 180,000 tonnes/year liquid pine amino acid (purification) project, in collaboration with the China-Pulsification Joint Project, was put into operation on a trial basis; Tianzinnilong was new.
Material projects complete all resource compliance approvals for energy, land, etc.; other technology upgrades and management upgrades are progressing steadily and storage projects and new projects are planned in an orderly manner.
The company is a Vitamin Leader company, and the nutrition plate is starting to be released while new projects are being built.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market