Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) is making a steady journey to the bank of the city comptoir.
The Hangzhou Bank insists on “doing fine Hangzhou, deep-cultivated Zhejiang” with 77.6% of Zhejiang Province's revenue in 2021, of which 61.23% are in Hangzhou. It also actively pursues incremental development throughout the country, in the form of long triangles, bead triangles, rings, etc.
At the same time, the construction of a common wealth demonstration area in Zhejiang province is expected to stimulate the financing needs of the firms concerned and to create a new one.
Good corporate governance and a strong local capital background drive a new round of strategies to improve business efficiency. The firm’s real control is the Hangzhou City Fiscal Authority, with other municipalities holding shares, stable management, and high-level executives.
Local government has a strong background, and the state-owned equity structure has led to rapid development of monetary cooperation, “Strategic Plan for Development 2021-2025”, which uses strong companies as ballasts for large-scale retailing, small-scale excellence and growth, as well as active restructuring of business structures and further improvement of business efficiency.
Focusing on core capacity enhancement, working on finance and microfinance, and building a competitive “coastal river.” The region’s rich science and micro-enterprises have provided fertile ground for Hangzhou banking, and companies have continued to build on the comparative advantages of their traditional financial operations, promoting the “Cunts to Loans” and the “Taizhou Model” to expand microfinance.
In late 2021, Hangzhou's bank start-up fund balance amounted to $47 billion, and the market coverage of firms listed in the service area was over 40 per cent.
At the end of 2021, the rate of non-performing loans at the end of the year was 0.86 per cent, with the end-of-period coverage of 568 per cent, ranking first on the list.
Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) - Continuing high growth and high performance provides room for performance growth. The new strategic round is driven by a sustained optimization of the corporate asset and liability structure, zero sales of loans and demand deposits, and further improvements in the efficiency of the company’s operations.
" Hangzhou Bank - 3-quarter review 600926-2021: excellent performance, excellent asset quality, and continued high growth of companies driven jointly by public, creative and retail finance. " Hangzhou Bank - 600926-2020 Review: sustaining rapid growth in profits before provision "
Profit forecasting and valuation: A combination of absolute valuations and relative valuations, which we consider to be a reasonable valuation area for corporate shares, Hangzhou Bank - 600926-2020 Quarterly Review: Good quality of assets, provision for a combination of corporate valuations and regional economic development, and maintenance of an “upper” rating.
Company profile: The Hangzhou Bank Limited (“Hangzhou Bank”) was established in September 1996 as an urban commercial bank based in Hangzhou, which was first reorganized by 32 urban credit unions in the former Hangzhou city.
Hangzhou City Co-operative Bank, renamed Hangzhou City Commercial Bank in 1998 and Hangzhou Bank in 2008. Hangzhou Bank successfully implemented bad asset swaps in 2002 at the national comptoirs, and in 2003 the Replenishment Replenishment Replenished Private Capital in order to diversify equity.
In 2016, the Hangzhou Bank was listed as the second largest bank in Zhejiang province and the sixth largest in the country.
The banks in Hangzhou are heavily concentrated in Zhejiang, which has a total coverage of eleven municipalities in Zhejiang province. In 2021, Zhejiang province received 77.6% of the proceeds and Central Hang region 61.23%.
In 2021, Zhejiang province was the fourth largest province and city in the country. The rate of increase in Zhejiang province and Hangzhou city was 8.5 per cent, which is higher than the national rate of 0.4 percentage points.
The rapid pace of regional economic development has led to an increase in the volume of fixed-asset investments, which in 2021 increased by 10.8% in Zhejiang province, ranking first in the developed economies along the coast of the country. The private economy is “two in three days,” with private investment accounting for 67% of total fixed-asset investment, and the private economy is growing.
The rapid economic growth has attracted a brain influx, with Zhejiang Province reaching 655,000 people in 2021, the largest net inflow of the country’s population. The sustained net inflow of the population has contributed to the growth of consumption and has facilitated the development of retail banking operations.
Figure 3: Gdp in Zhejiang province grew faster than in the country as a whole; Figure 4: Investment in fixed assets in Zhejiang province increased faster than in most provinces.
Publication of the opinion of the Central State Council on supporting Zhejiang's high-quality development in the construction of a common wealth demonstration area, which states that it will accelerate industrial transformation and upgrading, foster world-class advanced manufacturing clusters, create “Internet+” and “Health of Life and New Materials” in highlands. March 2022, on financial support for Zhejiang's high-quality development.
An opinion from the Common Wealth Model Area was published, which supports banks in establishing science and technology branches, promoting the expansion of financial products and increasing credit support for the adaptation of traditional manufacturing technologies. At the same time, with the reform of the income distribution system, the size of the middle-income group has widened, the income gap between urban and rural residents has narrowed and the marginalisation of the population has been reduced.
The construction of a common wealth demonstration area in Zhejiang province is expected to stimulate the financing needs of related businesses and individual credit needs, as well as the further expansion of banking companies and retail operations. The local capital base is strong, and there is a significant advantage in financial cooperation.
In February 2022, the first shareholder of the company, the Federal Bank of Australia, lost its shares in the company because of its own original need, and donated 5% of its shares to Hangzhou by way of an agreement transfer.
This shows that Hangzhou’s state-owned capital has confidence in the company’s prospects for development, and is expected to further increase monetary cooperation. In addition, the private capital Red Lions Group holds 11.81% of shares and the foreign federal bank has 5.56%, which helps companies to continue to have a governance advantage in terms of diversification.
The management is relatively stable, and the executive local government has a strong background. The company president and several vice-presidents have both grown inside the company, with Mr. Song Ken Bin holding the post of president since 2013 and nearly nine years ago. Mr. Chen Zheshan has held the post of chairman since 2015, and has served as Vice-President of the Jianggan District of Hangzhou and Mayor of Jiande.
A defined management and local government context helps companies to maintain long-term cooperation with all parties. Strategic shift: from product to client, from scale to effectiveness Strategic focus on client to refine management to drive efficiency improvement. Stable management helps Hangzhou Bank strategy.
Following the completion of the five-year strategy in 2020, the company developed a new “Development Strategy 2021-2025” to be a ballast for public business, to be a growth pole for large-scale retailing and small-scale excellence, to be actively restructured and to promote business efficiency.
It focuses on wealth management and consumer credit, with emphasis on customer hierarchy and product systematization. Micro-finance insists on individual clients, mortgages, and extension to corporate customers, credit loans.
The refined management of “efficiency convergence” is expected to contribute to the optimization of the company's business structure and the improvement of its operational effectiveness.
Focusing on core capacity enhancement, building up competition for the Riverguard, Hangzhou Bank continues to create new business while continuing to build on the traditional advantages of monetary cooperation and to do business with the public. Companies are focusing on the wealth of innovation and micro-enterprises in the region, innovative business service models, and the formation of venture finance.
And the comparative advantage of micro-finance. In addition, firms are accelerating up-to-date standardized products, digital operations, financial features are highlighted, market services are broken down, financial services ecosystems for innovative start-ups are developed, standardized credit products are developed, solid customer base is built, finance is created.
A rich venture in the long-triangular region provides a natural fertile ground for companies to focus on financial operations. The company is an early-innovation commercial bank with a model of financial services that has evolved over a decade and has built up a good professional and market brand. To take advantage of the network, the company creates finance.
On the basis of the Ministry of Industry, three major financial innovation centers have been set up in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, while building financial specialization in four regional specializations: Nanjing, Hosho, Ningbo, and Kaxim. The main features of Hangzhou’s banking initiative include: (1) the financial services ecology of innovative start-ups.
Banks focus on key areas such as investment cooperation, lending linkages, talent banks, pooling of channel partners ' policies, financial and information resources to support start-up, long-term enterprise development and growth, largely achieving business model sustainability through risk mitigation, absorption of low-interest liabilities and revenue from innovative options. (2) Development and development
The Hangzhou Bank has created a “Creative Gold Engine” service brand, introduced small-scale, standardized lending products such as “Creak Loans” and “Civic Loans” and introduced “Growth Loans” for growth-oriented SMEs, which can be scaled up as the business grows.
The taxonomy system and the customer manager management system are being built to maintain “additional, magnified, enhanced, effective” and to continue to promote the implementation of the “excellent plan” “take-off” and the “gold-digging plan” of three groups of people. The Hangzhou Bank is actively providing comprehensive financial services throughout the growth cycle and the value chain, working to improve the breakdown of industry's professional services.
In 2021, the Hangzhou bank opening balance was 46.994 billion yuan, an increase of $4.569 billion, or a negative rate of 1.11 per cent, compared to the end of the previous year. In recent years, the rate of non-performing financial loans has been lower than the rate of non-performing public loans and the quality of assets. In 2017-2021, the compound annual growth rate of loans in the finance table was 30.96 per cent.
Over 40% of the market coverage of firms listed in the domain. Growth in the size and quality of corporate financial operations is positive. With the focus of resources, Hangzhou Banking has a greater comparative advantage in finance.
Mortgage and credit have been extended to include micro-credit and micro-enterprises. A large number of micro-enterprises in the region provide a pre-existing advantage to Hangzhou Bank for small-scale microfinance operations, with 2,8261 million households registered in Zhejiang province in 2021.
Credit orientation, focus on tax customers, business stock mortgage clients, other business mortgage customers, bank stock settlement mini-clients, and farmers.
Focus groups, small-scale micro-credit lending, intensive management and differential testing, and grid-based visitor marketing using a list system. Credit micro-credit and enterprise micro-credit are two major extensions, the online version of the corporate version of the two fists, “Cloud Credits” and “Taxes” , corporate operations are on the rise, and micro-finance operations are expected to get higher premiums.
At the end of 2021, the balance of “Cloud Credit” products stood at $72,734 million, compared to a combined annual growth rate of 28.31 per cent, an increase of more than 4 percentage points above the mini-financial line.
Figure 11: The number of small micro-enterprises in Zhejiang Province is very high
The branch, which relies on the Clouds to Credit Product Platform, focuses on micro-enterprise financial parks, deep-digging mortgages and mortgage customers, providing efficient financial services to small and micro-enterprises downstream of the supply chain, and is expected to expand its out-of-town operations. The provincial branch is expected to expand its credit microfinance team and upgrade its professionalization and standardization.
The first branch to introduce the “Taizhou model” has achieved good results, relying on a separate institutional mechanism to adhere to the “Runway” model. The Ministry of Credit and Microbusiness Management has been established in the General Department of Micro-finance to promote the replication and promotion of the “Taizhou model” throughout the business, to stimulate grass-roots business dynamics and to highlight the advantages of micro-finance.
By the first half of 2021, the Hangzhou Bank had set up 31 credit and microfinance task forces, an increase of 19.23 per cent compared to the end of the previous year.
Improved customer experience is evident in the speedier standardization of ephemeral and online products. The size of the recipients, the introduction of online mortgage products and market-based standard mortgage lending products for corporate entities, and the expansion of household coverage.
A system for the growth of mobile banking users has been set up to support the line’s own operations. On the online side of the enterprise, excellent projects have been launched to improve the quality of the service through the full use of financial and technological tools such as remote video, smart customer service and smart wind control.
Automation approval, company acceleration of the digital transformation of the trading bank's three main gold engine product systems, gold engine initiative for the new digital landscape, trade gold engine upgrading of cloud lending products, foreign exchange gold engine upgrading of service model, Hang credit volume first in the Leng County market.
Credit products are “innovated credit credits” and the development of credit loan products on the “Corporate credit” line, which accelerates the process of technological and financial upgrading.
The Housekeeper platform has led finance managers to develop a standardized online service model, “business around the platform”, which has been effective in upgrading grass-roots production capacity. The cumulative sale of retail wealth management products in 2021 was $859.214 million (including surrogate sales), an increase of 12.93 per cent over the same period.
Hangzhou Bank continues to operate robustly with its traditional public business as a ballast, with its high-quality asset quality as a tool to protect its operations. On the basis of strategic transformation and competitive advantage, Hangzhou Bank absorbs low-interest deposits at the end of its liabilities, assets.
End-of-end retail loan ratios, net spreads are constantly improving, and performance space is released. Stabilizing distance: risk preferences are continuously optimized, asset quality is at the top of the list, client structures are proactively adjusted, risk preferences are appropriately reduced and assets are of excellent quality.
Since then, Hangzhou Bank has become more business-friendly, proactively reducing risk preferences, continuing to adjust its lending structure, and gradually reducing the rate of non-performing loans. The ratio of public loans to the manufacturing and construction sectors has gradually declined.
At the end of 2021, the Hangzhou bank fund balance stood at $20.462 billion, or 56.15 per cent of public loans; the private loan balance stood at $85.335 billion.
RMB, or 38.07 per cent of retail loans. Corporate non-performing loans are 0.86 per cent higher than Bank Ningbo and are of excellent asset quality in listed city comptoirs whose performance has been disclosed. Figure 19: Hangzhou Bank non-performing loans are below the average of listed city comptoirs
The Hangzhou Bank ' s non-performing lending rate in 2021 was only higher than that of Ningpo Bank, the Hangzhou Bank ' s non-performing loan allocation was sufficient, the ratio was maintained at a higher level, and the size of the credit had the potential to expand. The Department has been active since 2016, and the non-performing loan provision has increased at a significant rate.
Compared to the 2020 end-of-year share of losses, suspicious and sub-group loans, the provision coverage increased from 469.54 per cent to 567.71 per cent, ranking first among the publicly-published listed comptoirs.
It is expected that the credit will expand in size, the elasticity of the performance space will release credit, and the bank revenues in Hangzhou will grow faster.
By the end of 2021, Hangzhou bank assets stood at $139.565 billion, an increase of 18.93 per cent.
At the end of the debt, Hangzhou Bank relies on the financial co-operation advantage to absorb the cashier's current deposits and reduce the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. At the end of the asset, the strategic shift has led to greater retail lending and higher average return on interest-bearing assets.
In 2013-2021, the Hangzhou Bank liability bank had a combined annual growth rate of 19.51% in the amount of cash on demand and a retail loan on the end of the asset account.
At the end of 2021, the ratio of corporate deposits in Hangzhou bank deposits was assumed to be the following key driver of corporate profitability growth: (1) total asset growth: given the central bank’s attempt to match the m2 growth rate with the nominal gdp growth rate, the central bank’s interest rate of the bank’s interest in the company’s profit growth rate is estimated to be 20.3% per year.
But Hangzhou Bank, which has a well-developed regional economy, still has a strong infrastructure needs, and in recent years has expanded corporate innovation and retail operations. We believe that corporate assets will grow at a significantly faster rate than industry, and we assume.
(2) Net difference: The overall net difference in the banking sector was set at the bottom in 2021, but given the combined downward adjustment of the lpr by 15 bps at the end of last year to the beginning of this year and the further increase in competition in the market, we assume that there is greater uncertainty about the changes in interest rates by the end of the period in 2022 and that there may be significant errors, and we have been sensitized to the net difference in the table below.
(3) Asset quality: The asset quality of the company is excellent, and the current rate is very low. Let's assume that we are at the top of the list, taking into account the relatively low pressure of the asset quality company's provision. We therefore assume a summary of performance projections for the next three years.
Given the high volatility of market interest rates, the net difference is highly uncertain about the projected impact, as follows: we use both absolute valuation and relative valuation to estimate the reasonable value range of the company; we use three-stage ddm valuations for the short term for the next three years (for the first stage, detailed profit projections, see table).
9. The next 10 years will be the medium term (phase II), followed by the permanent duration (phase III). Previously, we assumed a discount rate of 11.0 per cent.
The risk rate of return is about 2.8%, while the market-wide risk premium is about 7.0%. This means that the market-wide long-term rate of return is calculated at 11.0%.
The Hangzhou Bank, which has a well-developed regional economy, has expanded its financial and retail finance in recent years, while its assets are of excellent quality and its provision is ranked first among the listed banks, so we assume that in the second phase the growth in corporate performance has stabilized at about 8% above the industry average. At the same time, consideration is given to Hangzhou.
With a good regional economy and a strong corporate capacity, we assume that the long-term growth rate for companies is roughly the same as the long-term nominal growth rate of gdp, which assumes a constant growth rate of 3.0%. Long-term growth prospects have a significant impact on the public-sector valuation, and we also have a sensitive analysis.
An analysis of the sensitivity of absolute valuations, which are more sensitive to discount rates and constant growth rates, is presented in the table below.
We put all the comptoirs together for a horizontal comparison, given the small number of institutions that cover the comptoirs, pb (lf) and by 2020, given that Hangzhou Bank operates with a well-developed regional economy, a clear corporate strategy and a reasonable annual value of $16.7 to $20.9.
Corporate valuations and corporate regional economic performance and strategic positioning maintain “enhancement” ratings. We use absolute valuations and relative valuations to arrive at reasonable corporate valuations, but the valuations are calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular assumptions about the firm’s liquidity rate and the rate of sustainable growth.
Assuming that many subjective judgements have been included in the selection of valuation parameters for both and comparable companies: (1) there are a large number of investors in the market, with varying investment terms, financial costs, opportunity costs, etc., and therefore each investor may have its own discount rate, which may lead to a market-to-company margin.
Consensual judgments of value are not consistent with the conclusions we have drawn. For this reason, we have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but sensitivity analysis does not necessarily fully reflect all investors' discount rates; (2) our assumptions about the company's constant growth rate are subjective. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but we do.
The situation is likely to fall outside the sensitivity analysis zone: (3) The risk of fluctuations in the overall valuation of the market may not be fully taken into account in the relative valuation, i.e. the change in Beta. Given the current low overall valuation of the bank plate, there is also an underestimation of the industry as a whole as a result of the relative valuation method.
The uncertainty about the company’s future profitability projections stems mainly from two factors: one is the high volatility of market interest rates and the fact that banks themselves adjust their asset liability classes, durations, etc. to market interest rate fluctuations.
The impact of market interest rate fluctuations is compounded by the fact that, in the case of non-performing loans and the corresponding provision, the bank itself has a greater room for subjective adjustment, which may lead to a greater difference between the actual situation and our hypothetical situation. For possible deviations from the net difference, we have conducted a prior sensitivity analysis; and there is a potential for asset quality.
In the case of deviations, we have taken a cautious assumption. (1) The industries in which the company operates are subject to strict regulation and are subject to macroeconomic and monetary policies.
(2) A higher proportion of corporate credit is invested in the capital category, with higher equity multipliers for the corporate sector if city investment policies are tightened beyond expectations, and short-term liquidity risks are present in the future if financial management is inadequate.
Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data reported are from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author