Through the wind, back to high growth, in-depth studies/electronic components – focus on the precision functional industry, and brain-brained re-launching.
(1) Successful listing of technology with sophisticated molds and the core competencies required for production equipment, resulting in a solid foundation for intellectual gain; (2) deep-deeping in the consumption of electron precision devices, the strategic performance of the company's large clients; and the prospect of accelerated growth over the next three years as new products continue to be imported into large clients.
Trade advance events have been largely processed, light-loaded, re-launching! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... . . . . . . . .... . . . . . ..... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Participation in the multi-channel number, where companies are expected to contribute significant incremental income next year under the Airpods project; clear health monitoring functions, where watch is expected to continue to grow, and where companies are also the main suppliers of watch metalware; and where salcomp is now well integrated, followed by fast-loaded, wireless charging products, which will contribute incremental profits next year.
Compared to the depth of 300, the precision of the precision features continues to improve, and the taps continue to benefit from the market's belief that products such as the inside immobilization of the smart machine slow down the price pressure as the big client adapts.
Larger, we think the interior design of the smart machine is more complex in the 5g era, such as the increase in the volume of front-end radio frequency devices and the increase in wireless charge power, which increases the demand for mosaics, such as graphite radiators. Moreover, a growing number of large customers are replacing the mosaics with "moderated plus pressurized" composites, or pressurized single process numbers.
The company’s share of products, such as brand cutting, has grown steadily this year, and, in the larger context of trade friction between China and the United States, the country’s leading customers are expected to use more national producers for their cut-off products, and we expect to benefit next year.
Corporate performance is flexible, with a first rating and a “recommended” rating given to the company.
Focusing on the confectionery industry, leading the brain-brain reboot, technology successfully marketed in 2018, using shell-pelled magnets to create new opportunities for development. Focusing on the confectionery industry, the brain-brained brain-breeding of high-precision miniature parts and modules dedicated to becoming the world’s leading consumer electronic product, the “one-stop” model.
Supplier. Profit technology has acquired the full-scale process capabilities required for sophisticated functional devices such as metrology, pressurization, cnc processing, hardware processing, and in the consumer industry, the technology has a strong R & D, production, management, and (i) the technology has been successfully marketed, and companies have developed new opportunities.
For many years, technology has accumulated and developed, supported by advanced precision molds and production equipment developed autonomously, and has acquired the full process capability required for precision devices such as slashing, pressing, cnc processing, and hardening.
Deep-farm consumption of electronic precision devices (EAFs) to protect electronic functions. The consumption of electronic precision devices directly affects the performance and quality of consumer electronic products and is an integral part of consumer electronics. The precision functionality industry is in the middle of the consumer electronics industry chain, through single-faced glue, protective film, electromagnetic shielding, conductors, dust protection nets, etc.
Products such as insulation chips, identification products, hardware, functional buttons, etc. are processed to form mosses, pressurize, cnc, etc. for interlinking between functional modules or parts of products such as telecommunications equipment, computers, mobile phones, motor electronics, etc., protection, anti-interference, heat conductor, dustproof, insulation, marking, etc.
Clients cover global front-line consumer electronic terminal brands. With strong R & D, production, management, technology, and scale, technology has adopted a supplier certification system for end branders, represented by apples, tiles, oppos, vivos, to enter their supply chains and form long-term and stable partnerships.
Consumer electronic terminal brands such as vivos, Dotweis, and consumer electronics such as Fauskam, Green Point Technology, Ramsy Technology, Burns Optics, etc. have high-quality customer resources. High-quality devices for customers are widely used in the consumer electronics industry, such as smartphones, tablet computers, wearable equipment, laptops, etc.
In recent years, profitability has been good, operating income has grown steadily, net profits have been stable overall, and modelling operations have accounted for the highest share. In 2018, smart and sophisticated functions and structural services achieved $14.4 billion of operating income, an increase of 57.14 per cent over the same period.
The highest share was due mainly to the fact that technology was established and has been a core business since the inception of the technology; the relatively small share of assembly and hardware business, especially hardware products, showed a declining income trend, mainly because the demand for hardware in the market was gradually decreasing as smartphone technology was updated year after year, and hand-held structures and appearances sought to be “very light” experience.
Realization of the net profit attributable to the parent owner of the company was $1,996 million, an increase of 18.60 per cent over the same period the previous year.
Modelling is the core business of technology, accounting for 49.61% of total operating income in 2017 h1, and is generally relatively stable. As new technologies such as oled, wireless charger, waterproofing, etc. are widely applied, mobile phone functional components are increasing, and the sales of model cutting products are increasing. Business income and sales of model cutting products are forecast to grow steadily in the future.
These include, inter alia, protective membrane, back-luminous film, lens protection, headphone/phone/phone dust net and buffer pads, lcd reflective film, film frame, foam cotton, rubber mats, battery glue, thermal molten glue, net veil, etc., which are widely used in products such as mobile phones, tablet computers, circuit boards, keyboards, etc. to provide high-efficiency stickers, buffers, insulations, conductors, etc.
Profit technology is one of the leading companies in the imitation industry and is currently one of the major suppliers of imitation in the apple supply chain, and, thanks to its own cost advantages, managerial advantages, and good customer relationships, it has a larger market share in the products associated with the apple supply chain. At the same time, it has been selected to serve customers associated with the apple supply chain.
Domestic clients, such as vivos, have expanded and have been supplied in bulk with model cut products to the domestic clients mentioned above. 2; cnc business processes have increased, and market share has been gradually raised. cnc operations are mainly the production of fingerprint recognition buttons, connection interfaces (charges, data lines), and control keys (volume keys,)
Keys and so on, cameras are widely used in mobile phones and tablet computers. On the one hand, the entire metal shell of 3c products is largely processed by cnc devices, and on the other hand, the 5g era is approaching, with new demands from consumers and materials, etc., as the use of metal is widespread, and the demand for new material appearances such as glass, ceramics, etc. is increasing.
As the technology of 3d screens develops, the demand for non-linear curvatures is made possible. The metal middle frame + glass or gold behind other materials will be a recent trend and direction. This has led to changes in the design of the product structure and increased functionality, resulting in changes in the material and complexity of the product structure. This is a constant reference to the process requirements of cnc technology.
High, it also offers high development opportunities for the cnc business, a gradual increase in its market share, and room for growth in its size, opening the way for the development of the cnc business. Mid-year H1 accounts for 23.13% of total operating income. And revenue is forecast to rise steadily in recent years.
Increased volumes of goods and a gradual increase in the penetration of metal structural units have the effect of double growth factors. The market for metal structural parts will also remain rapidly rising, with increased output from end-users and increased application of metal components driving sales of technology-oriented cnc products. A small increase in sales of cnc operations is expected.
3 - Complementarity of punching operations cnc, which are expected to grow steadily in terms of collection and sales
As global smartphone exports and consumer electronics, such as apparel equipment, increase, adding to stress operations. Meanwhile, the expansion of the global market for cellular metal structures will boost demand for hedging operations.
Prior to 2014, the company ' s main business was the development, production and sale of magnetic materials. It was an enterprise that specializes in the production of electronic components such as electromagnetics, electromagnetics and rare earths, which are currently large in the country.
One of the manufacturers. In 2015, the company acquired Henzhen City Teen Crystal Electric Technology Ltd., expanded the operations of LCD modules, touch screens, touch display integration, lcd plating, etc., into the consumer electronics industry chain. In 2016, the company repurchased Deep Shenzhen City East Colored Fine Technology Ltd., expanded the consumption of electronic products such as face casings, bottom casings, battery caps, etc.
Expanding the company’s layout of the contours of consumer electronics. In 2018, technology was marketed on shell and renamed as an intellectual ingenuity, leading to the diversification of operations around the consumption of components and components of electronics.
The main products of the PV include liquid crystal display module, capacitor touch screens, full-scale appliance, glass thinning, plating, cutting, processing. In the area of smartphones, full-scale screen products with high-profile attention, the PV has been fully achieved in terms of product technology and manufacturing capacity, borderless display and touch control, curve touch control, 3d patches, alien cutting, full-automatic spectrometer attachment, aoi check.
In 2015, the river powder magnets acquired the Imperial Crystal Photovoltaic Power, expanding the LCD module, touch screens, touch control displays integration, lcd plating, entering the consumer electronics industry chain.
In 2016, the company acquired Orient colours, expanded its consumption of e-products, masks, battery caps, etc., and further expanded the company ' s layout in the consumption of electron condensed structures.
In the second trade, gyromagnetized magnets entered the consumer electronic parts and components industry, which has a greater profitability and prospects for development.
(i) The evolution of consumer electronics into thinner, offering opportunities for precision devices Consumable smart terminal products are gradually becoming lighter, portable and high-performance while “intelligent” functions are being achieved, thus driving sophisticated devices to high-intensity, high-performance.
The average thickness is 0.22 mm less than in 2016, reaching 7.73 mm. Light and portable designs require better internal heat evasiveness, reliability and durability of components, based on which sophisticated functional devices are constantly upgraded to technological, product design and production processes, moving towards high precision, high performance. They also drive radiant graphite membranes, conductors, etc.
The development of materials such as hot glues and the enhancement of processes such as slicing, pressing, etc., and the gradual increase in the use of precision devices. The rapid growth of consumer electronics such as downstream smartphones, tablets, and apparifiable devices requires a continuous increase in product performance and a rapid replacement of product appearances, which enhances the development opportunities for precision devices.
In 2012-2018, flat-board computer output maintained a high rate of growth and, despite a slight decline in recent years, is expected to ease in the future.
1. The trend towards precision is evident, with wireless charging, soft-led, multi-consumption development, with consumer electronics moving towards individualization and diversity, upstream precision devices moving towards precision, product reliability requirements increasing and technology content increasing.
New features such as electricity, body and body waterproofing, oled, etc. are constantly being used for consumer electronics, requiring a combination of new parts and components to provide high-performance, high-precision products. These all provide technological support for the continued intellectualization of consumer electronics, lightening, and the development of flexible oleds, which will lead to modelling operations. According to ihs, 325 million wireless in 2018.
The global wireless charging market is expected to grow from $300 million in 2013 to $6 billion in 2018, and will continue to grow at a high rate over the next 10 years. Various insulated magnets made of soft magnet oxygen materials are used as the main components of wireless charging technology, which increases the sensitivity of magnetic field and shielding loop interference in wireless charging equipment, but wireless chargers are soft.
The high demand for magnetic iron oxygen material and product size, reliability, etc., increases the process difficulty of modelling operations and offers opportunities for development. The nanocrystal material is one of the best wirelessly charged materials for mobile phones. The nanocrystal material is known for its high energy efficiency, and the charge efficiency is very high. It is now more than 90%. And the nanocrystal, non-crystal material is relatively thin, and it's the same.
At the rate of charge efficiency (about 78%), it's half as thick as an iron-oxy magnet, and it's also capable of multiple foldings, while traditional materials produce only single-scene disks, otherwise the glue is transformed. On the other hand, with folding screens, the heat of the curved screens increases and the softened ones rises in opportunities.
Increased demand for relevant moorings. Figure 2-3: Steady increase in delivery of wireless chargers. Figure 2-4: Significant increase in flexible screen demand
On the one hand, the development of double- and three-camera multi-camera cameras and the development of waterproof cnc components will significantly increase the demand for products such as lens loops, opening up new development opportunities for the cnc business. On the other hand, waterproofing is an important issue that needs to be addressed as smart phones are constantly updated.
The realization of the need for structures and functional devices to be combined with waterproof seals, coupled with the use of model cuts such as waterproof silicone, the diversification of consumer product functions, process requirements to increase opportunities, the rapid growth of the consumer electronics industry in recent years, the expansion of product demand and the increasing use of consumer electronics.
On the one hand, smartphones, tablets, and brain functions are increasingly enriched, upgrading and optimizing various aspects, such as water-proofing techniques for mate20pro to the ip68 level. The realization of water-proofing functions increases the demand for precision features, and leads to intellectually constructed impulse products.
A new round of development opportunities comes with waterproofing (the acoustic module's hardware structure) and the addition of waterproof mechanized products. The realization of waterproofing functions requires the combination of structures and functional devices with waterproofing rings, and the Eastern coloured plastic products (e.g. waterproofing rings) can be used as raw materials for technology excellence, working together to secure development opportunities. On the other hand, with intelligence,
Increased capacity and performance of mobile phones and increased demand for heat and radiation generated by operation require the use of graphite radiators.
1. Trends in wireless charging technology are evident, as the spread of wireless charging technology and the proximity of the 5g commercial era require a combination of new components to achieve their respective functions.
The equipment has the effect of increasing the sensitivity of magnetic fields and shielding loops, leading the current of wireless chargers to well-known brands such as Apples and Samstars, the gradual convergence of wireless charge standards and the gradual maturity of wireless recharge technology, which has led to a turning point in the wireless recharge industry. The wireless recharge market is growing in volume and applications are becoming more diversified, and the industry is about to grow in gold.
The number of cellular wireless chargers is about 325 million, an increase of nearly 40 per cent over 2016, and 75 million transmitters. Wpc expects to have 2 billion receivers and 800 million launchers in 2025, with an annual compound growth rate of 21.90 per cent over the next seven years.
In the area of smart phones, soft screens are becoming a big trend in the development of smartphone screens. In 2018, the global volume of soft screens was about 202 million, an increase of 51.9% over the previous year. This has also led to the development of soft mind.
One of the key factors of sex is the membrane material (retarding membrane), which is sensitive to water and oxygen, reacts to water or oxygen, which renders it ineffective, and thus increases the requirements for waterproofing functions, and pulls on the mutilated products of waterproofing.
As the demand for photographs rises, multiple cameras have become an unstoppable trend. This will significantly increase the demand for products such as lens loops and expand the market size of cnc operations. We predict that in 2019, three-photo penetration rates will be 20% and are expected to reach 30% by 2020. The expansion of market space for smartphone cameras will boost the development of products such as cnc lens loops.
Cnc is a core product with extensive application to mobile & tablet camera header decorations, and the development of a multi-camera trend in smart machines has increased the market size of the technology-based cnc business.
With the development of 5g technology, the volume of 5g smartphones and appliable devices is expected to increase. According to idc, 5g smartphones will account for 8.9 per cent of all smartphones in 2020 and 124 million in 2023, a proportion that is expected to increase to 28 per cent. On the other hand, according to data released by idc, the market for apparel is projected to be 2022
(i) The development of 5g technology offers new development opportunities for intellectual gain. On the one hand, 5g mobile phone radio frequency screens require upgrades, belts, etc.
The use of metal shielding inside the cell phone has increased. On the other hand, 5g mobile phones also have increased heat, 5g and wireless charging are more demanding for signal transmission, while the defects in the metal backboard shielding will be magnified, 5g mobile phones are expected to no longer use metal, backboard design, and the old graphite and metal backboard evaporation technology faces significant challenges.
The relatively good radiator technology in the current market comes from the mean-temperature, thermal tubes, and graphite evaporation, in which the radiator can quickly remove heat from its work and avoid concentrating heat on the heat source. The radiator evaporates the heat from multiple points and distributes it evenly within a short distance to a larger area of evaporated heat, with the heat flux from the heat source, the radiating tablet.
Equivalent heat transfer coefficients vary. Using them in other machines, they can make each chip on the plate the same temperature, which is more conducive to electrical radiation. The mean tablet is a closed vacuum cavity with a microstructure on the inner wall, and when the heat is passed from the heat source to the evaporation zone, the fluids in the cavity begin to produce fluids at a given temperature due to the vacuum.
The thermal technology is to cover the top of a liquid-filled catheter on a cell phone processor, where the processor calculates the heat, the fluids in the tube absorb heat gasification, and the gas is condensed by heat tubes reaching the evaporation zone at the top of the cell phone.
The graphite is a two-dimensional carbon nanomaterial made up of a six-corned beehive crystal with a sp2 combustible orbit. The graphite is thin and flexible, and the integrated is excellent, making it possible for the thinning of electronics.
In addition, this guidance is flexible and can be pressurized to any shape and bend over and over and over again; it can be converted from a point heat source to a surface heat source for rapid heat transfer, with high heat conductivity.
(ii) Base station ringers increase in volume and benefit clients progress well The function of the loops is to enter the launch wave into any of their ports, in the order of direction determined by the static magnetic field, into the next port. The principle of one-way transmission of the loops is to use the properties of iron-oxy cyclic magnetic material. This material is added to the high frequency wave range.
In conjunction with the constant straight-flow magnetic field, it produces circular magnetic properties (also known as mass magnetic conductivity properties). It is this circular magnetic properties that polarize the electromagnetic waves transmitted in the body of iron oxygen (the Faraday effect) and the electromagnetic wave energy strongly absorbed (the iron resonance), using this circular magnetic phenomenon to make pulverizers and loops.
In the 5g era, with a significant increase in the number of aau single sector channels, the loops will be used in large numbers for stabilization and protection power amplifiers. We expect the value of the 4g single station circulars to be around $200, the value of the 5g ring single station is projected to be over $2,000, while the 5g base station is expected to be 1.5 times the number of 4g, and the market for the 5g era base station circulars is expected to be empty.
In the current supply chain, major ring providers include overseas sdp, skyworks, tdk, strong demand for national production replacements, successful certification of beneficiary clients, and expected harvest period after next year. (iii) Development opportunities are created by equipment that can be worn, such as tws headphones.
In recent years, tws headphones have become one of the bright spots in electronics that can be worn. According to IQ, global tws headphones are expected to grow at a high rate in recent years, reaching 150 million in 2020, with a yearly compound growth rate of 51.9 per cent.
After the launch of the airpods in September 2016, the airpods quickly received attention. Earlier, Apple released a refinancing of the airpods, and we expect a new q4 will be released this year, and the new airpods will be added to the black paragraph, using a completely new surface coating design.
Waterproofing and active noise abatement will also be added, so the new airpods will be designed to make assembly more complex. Ifixit describes how to compare the old airpods with the addition of an appleh1 chip to the airpods, support the Bluetooth 5 standard, and the holding of wireless chargers (the charge box), thus also bringing about changes in metal structures, in particular the addition of an airpods charger.
Changes in metal structures and the high sales of airpods create high development opportunities for intellectuals. Airpods supply chains involve a number of manufacturers, including sophisticated telecommunications, intellectuals, Gore shares, doves,
Its neutral messages are highly sophisticated. They provide data lines, antennas, sophisticated connectors, etc., to airpods, and are the first set of loading suppliers to airpods; Gore shares mainly provide acoustic devices and assembly services; airpods operations in 2019 increase in volume and rate of delivery; the dove control unit mainly provides fpc for airpods; and communications are mainly for microfiche.
Telecom products enter the airpods supply chain; Hinwanda mainly supplies lithium ion batteries. The core competitiveness of intellectual intelligence highlights, the customer base drives new developments. The core competitiveness of intellectual intelligence highlights, among other things, customer resources, R & D capabilities, scale effects, quality management and management capabilities.
On the one hand, improving horizontal competitiveness by customizing customer services, while on the other hand promoting cost and size advantages for firms through the development of sound customer resources, on the other hand, a stable relationship with suppliers enhances the vertical competitiveness of the beneficiaries and has greater bargaining power and improved marketing and supply channels.
(i) Horizontally competitive advantages are evident, with intellectually strong 1, intellectually focused on customer service, and above-paying levels, which have a clear competitive advantage over comparable firms. In terms of gross operating income, intellectually acquired advantages are evident.
Predominantly, profit-making achieved business income of $22.5 billion in 2018, leading the way in comparable companies with gross operating income. At the same time, profit-making focused on customer services, such as the high demand for customization of products such as mutilation, and the creation of a project group for each client, which tracks clients’ needs in real time and intervenes in the development, design, procurement, and development of downstream customer products.
The process of production, etc., is coupled with the creation of a number of complete R&D production bases that meet the demands of individual clients for different types of products and a large number of customers in a timely manner. On the other hand, it is suggested that intelligence is focused on client services, that clients serve at the centre, that a solid customer base is built, and that the firm’s core competitiveness is enhanced.
Intelligents have good customer resources, they have clear client advantages, they have rich customer resources, they have entered into the supply chain of known mobile brands like Apples, Huahuasungs, Oppos, vivos, and they are comparable to listed companies that are able to combine Apple supply chains with mainstream domestic brands.
On the other hand, downstream customers have a high cost and long cycle of supplier conversion and high cost of customer conversion. Technology for benefits has a clear competitive advantage in terms of customer resources, product types, and autonomous R & D equipment, and is in the vanguard of the industry.
It is clear that high-quality customer resources also mirror, to some extent, the combined power of technology in the production, product development, internal management, etc..3 The firm’s cost and size advantages are clear.
On the one hand, sophisticated devices are custom-made products, and technology has been built into a number of complete R & D production bases in Shenzhen, Dongjung, Toyota, Suzhou, Chengdu, Jinxi, etc., and has been produced in consecutive quantities, with a larger scale of production and a stronger supply continuity capability that can meet the demand of individual clients for different types of products and a large number of customers in a timely manner, consolidating customer and collar demand.
On the other hand, technology is a large enterprise that produces sophisticated devices, usually with a strong bargaining power in conjunction with suppliers, which reduces the cost of equipment, raw materials procurement and increases the cost advantage of products; and, on the other hand, scale production stabilizes the operation of technology, ensuring that R & D and STI continue.
(ii) Strong relationships with suppliers, clear vertically competitive advantages of firms, strong industrial chains of sophisticated structural units. Consumer smart terminal manufacturers are increasingly demanding their functional devices.
At the same time, upstream material manufacturers are concerned with the low-cost advantages of material performance sophistication and scale production, and do not generally enter the electronics functional device industry.
Producers of machine-wide plants, core components and important components pay more attention to the customization of materials, the rapid responsiveness of suppliers, professional service capabilities and low stocks under a lean production model, and do not easily go into the production of functional devices. Thus, they benefit from the ingenuity of the sophisticated structure function industry, which is substituting one another up and down, while the consumer smart end product is thinner.
Portable and highly integrated developments, and the growing role of the sophisticated functional device industry in the industrial chain, have made the entire electronic industry chain more efficient and the end product more innovative. With high-quality services and cost-control capabilities, it has benefited in-depth knowledge of the customer supply system.
In the relationship with clients, products such as crystallized light power, oriental colours, and technology are used primarily for consumer sub-products, such as smartphones, in the same downstream applications, and each creates a unique competitive advantage and a stable client base in its product area. Leaning intelligence focuses on the development of medium- and high-end products with high thresholds and high profitability, by increasing product excellence and associated increases.
A firm obtains competitive advantages, such as value services. By providing value-added services and upgrading technology to its clients, and by building up supplier and customer networks, the firm triangular relationship between order planning, production execution, supplier management, etc., creates a sound marketing advantage for (iii) first-class companies in the target industry.
Mia technology has been a pioneer in metalworking solutions...a global leader in technology. In 2007, the Soyuz Group established Mia Technology, which serves mainly smart phones, smart watches, smart household equipment, and automobiles. The company’s main clients are now internationally recognized clients, such as apples. By expanding the scale of its products, Mia’s technology products are diverse and close to customers.
The core competitiveness of technology in Mia lies in focusing on innovation for research and development to meet demand and become one of the leading players in the metalworking industry.
MacGree is a leading global manufacturer of precision-modeled parts and components from customers in the electronics, automobiles, and medical industries. It has long been focused on customer demand, using top manufacturing techniques, and has been working well and steadily with the world’s top suppliers of flexible materials and tape (e.g. 3m, Rogers, Polly Mosses, Polly, St. Goban, Dessa).
Eli Danielson, adchem, solid beauty, etc., works closely with clients to solve complex manufacturing and assembly problems. The team focuses on tailoring the needs of clients, with core competitiveness highlighted from counselling, material selection, sampling, production, to final packaging and quality and customer service, and the company has been tailor-made for customers ' specific design requirements to ensure that it moves from initial contact to final volume.
In contrast to first-class companies, we think the advantage of taking advantage is clear. On the one hand, the advantage is an absolute preponderant in the size of the production capacity, and on the other hand, the ability of foreign firms to acquire a deep sense of client service and cost-control is beyond the reach of foreign firms at the R & D level.
(iv) The high barriers for new entrants and the main obstacles to the industry are evident in the rapid production of samples for testing by clients, the rapid increase in productivity during the production phase and the first-time costdown.
Accurate equipment requires a high degree of innovation in product development, technical equipment, production process configuration, and adjustment capability.
Many advanced production equipment, such as needle wheels, have been developed on its own, and the development of new equipment has increased the automation of production, reduced labour costs, increased production capacity, and improved product productivity. Ingeniously building stronger R&D production capacity and technological accumulation has become a technical barrier to entry into the industry.
High-level automation of benefits reduces costs and creates financial barriers. Precision devices require high-value precision equipment to be used in the manufacture of molds, plastic processing, surface processing, etc., which results in high financial demand.
Automation of the production of goods reduces labour costs and improves efficiency and consistency. Advanced molding equipment, mutilation equipment, cnc equipment, robotic equipment, surface treatment workshops, and automated water flow lines create high levels of funding, 3 supply chain manufacturers are certified.
Mobile branders like Apples, Huahuas, Opo, vivos are highly certified as entering their supply chain.