The Southwest Securities Research and Development Center is expanding rapidly and growing in strength.
Lump-sum, Eastern-Taiwan, Suzhou-led technology, Shenzhen-King, Dong-Tai Fu-Yu and Sanda-Qui-Tao-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Si-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci, T-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci, T-Ci, T-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci, T-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci, T, T, T, T-C-C-C-C-C-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-C-C-C-C-Ci-Ci-C-C-Ci-Ci-Ci-C-Ci-Ci, T, T, T, T,
After assuming the functions of its former overseas trade platform, the acquired ly (bvi) has been cancelled: the acquisition of intellectuals continues to provide intellectuals and their subsidiaries with the knives they need to produce: the sale of intellectuals has not been followed by any actual business before or after the reorganization of the head of Shishijiang.
The potential for business development is strong and income growth is rapid. In 2017, companies generated 16 billion yuan in operating income, compared to the previous year, while companies continued to acquire other companies and increased their registered capital, bringing them into a period of rapid growth.
Growth has been stronger: with the transfer of equity in 2017, companies have moved into a new pattern of steady growth, generating revenues, high demand for smart terminals, and good business prospects. From smart household power, flat-board computers, smart phones, to smart homes, vehicle navigation, etc., various smart end-use products are gradually gaining ground in people's lives.
There is currently an explosive growth in apparel: 5g development will again trigger a rapid rise in global smartphone output, which in turn will create a huge market demand for the sophisticated appliance industry. The consumer electronics market is vast, with unlimited potential.
Computers and apparel devices, represented by smart watches, smart handrings, etc., contain a large number of sophisticated functional devices. New technologies such as 5g entry, mobile Internet, object networking, cloud computing, etc. are rapidly developing and the future global consumer electronics market continues to be active.
The rapid renewal of high and product appearances has further contributed to the growth of consumer demand, the growth of the market for mobile phones and smart apparel will continue to be faster and the market space will be huge.1 The expansion is growing rapidly and the power of power will continue to grow.
Generously created as a supplier of sophisticated functional devices for consumer electronics, focusing on the introduction of insulation materials for the intelligent consumption of high-precision functional devices, the technological development of shielding radiation-proof materials, the production and operation of new electronic components, mobile phones and computer accessories, the import and export of goods and technology (excluding distribution); registered capital of $10 million.
In August 2012, for the first time in the field of new electronic components, the company ' s investments were changed from $10 million to $80 million, and its registered capital from $10 million to $60 million. Between October 2014 and April 2015, tlg (hk) paid its registration five times in five instalments.
On 1 July 2017, tlg(hk) transferred all of its shareholdings to a winning investment.
Figure 2: Reorganization of major assets of the company over the years.
cnc, production capacity of the products under pressure; tlg (bvi), which acquired intellectually, after reorganization, still assumes its former overseas trade counter functions, and the acquisition of ly (bvi) has been cancelled; tungsten, which acquired intellectually, continues to hand over the knives needed for the production of the intellectually acquired and its subsidiaries; and there is no real business before or after the reorganization of the intellectually acquired Shizuku.
Figure 3: Corporate equity structures, which are in the hands of intellectually engineered real control, are used for the past. The former has indirectly acquired 93.5% of the equity through control of the winning investment (Hin Shenzhen) Ltd. and indirectly as partners in the Shenzhen flagship investment partnership (limited partnerships).
3.2% of the equity, indirectly holding 0.1% of the equity as a partner in Shenzhen's executive investment partnership (the limited partnership). The combined 96.7% of the equity of the intellectually acquired has been the actual control of the intellectually acquired.
Sold, supported by advanced sophisticated molding and production equipment developed autonomously, with the accumulation of years of industry experience and technology, in close one-stop cooperation with a large number of well-known end-brands in the country and abroad, to provide customers with high-quality sophisticated functional devices products that are widely applied to the consumer electronics industry such as smartphones, flatboard computers, wearable equipment, laptops, etc.
The main products are optical glue, foam cotton, acoustic silk webs, emi, conductor heat products, hand-held metal appearances, metal masks, hardeners, etc.
Business development potential is strong, income growth is rapid, new patterns are developing, business income is rising steadily. Companies achieved a net return profit of 1.4 billion yuan in 2017, six times as much as 230 million yuan in 2016, mainly due to East Asia
Performance compensation due to the failure of the owner of the Qingcai family to fulfil its performance commitments, totalling $1.62 billion, excluding the parent ' s net profit - $220 million, resulting in a loss. The company ' s negative net profit in 2018 was mainly due to a reverse acquisition of the company and the withdrawal of the former listed company, resulting in an asset impairment loss of $1.8 billion and a fair value change loss of $880 million in these projects.
Precision functions and structural elements were prominent as the company’s first major business. From the 2018 sub-product categories, precision functions and structural units received 65.1% of the total, showing and reaching 22% of the control group, trade and goods.
A 9 per cent share was received by stream services and 4.1 per cent by material operations, as shown by the ratio of Māori in the main business in 2018, which represented 84 per cent of total Māori by precision functions and structural elements, 13 per cent by contact module, 2 per cent by material operations and 1 per cent by trade and logistics services.
The company ' s current cost controls are good, and its R&D expenditure is on a steady upward trend. The company focuses on the development of high-precision electronic and sophisticated devices for smart consumption. The company ' s R&D costs rose from 120 million yuan in 2014 to 170 million yuan in 2014, increasing by a gradual decline in the annual cost rate, the most significant of which was the decline in the management cost rate, which was 7.4 per cent for the company in 2014.
The sophisticated functional product industry includes upstream raw materials (metals, double-faced glues, foams, heat molten glues, conductive cloths, net veils, graphite, protective film and ionic materials, etc.) and downstream consumer electronics industries (cell phones, tablet computers, laptops, wearables, etc.)
Precision functional devices are capital-intensive, technology-intensive industries whose market capacity depends on downstream terminal consumption, specifically, precision functional devices containing single-sided glue, protective membranes, electromagnetic shielding devices, conductors, dustnets, insulation chips, identification products, hardeners, functional keys, etc., for communications equipment, computers, mobile phones, car electronics, etc.
Connectivity, protection, interference-proofing, heat control, dust protection, insulation, marking, etc. In downstream products, smart terminals are becoming an important tool for human interaction, ranging from smart homes, atm machines, flatboard computers, smart phones, to smart homes, vehicle-borne navigation, multimedia devices, etc.
The industrial chain of the smart end industry is upstream of the smart terminal designer, the smart terminal operating system, the smart terminal components manufacturer, the smart terminal component manufacturer, and the whole-officer, respectively, providing the design programme, the operating system, the various components required for the smart terminal, as well as the smart terminal upholstery by means of a sticker and the assembly of the whole machine; the downstream of the industrial chain is dominated by a variety of smart end users.
Figure 11: Classification of smart end-products Consumer electronic products include smart phones, tablet computers and wearable devices represented by smart watches, smart handrings, etc., all of which contain a large number of sophisticated functional devices. Access to 5 g, mobile Internet, network, cloud computing, etc.
The growing performance of products and the rapid replacement of product appearances have further contributed to the growth of consumer demand, with smartphones and smart-wearing markets remaining growing faster. The expansion of smartphone markets will bring large market demand to the sophisticated functioning software industry.
The downward trend is mainly due to the impact of large screen phones, the saturation of markets, the long life cycle of products and alternative production, and the wearing of equipment is one of the most promising consumer electronic products recognized by research institutions.
The penetration rate of car connectivity in the global market is still at a low level, but it is expected that by 2020 the company’s products will be used mainly in a number of areas, such as communications equipment, computers, mobile terminals, automobile electronics, medical devices, household appliances, etc., compared to the major competitors in the industry, with high-quality and stable customer resources, years of accumulation of R & D production, etc.
Scaled supply and production cost advantages, combined with rapid end-market development and high demand, companies are expected to move into larger markets in the industry, smart ideas are associated with a global wave of smartphones, and strong partnerships have been established with a number of well-known consumer electronic brands, both domestic and foreign, with good industry reputations, stronger technology research and development, and productive capacity.
Between 2014 and 2016, the income from sales to the four end-users was more than 92% of their business earnings. High-quality customer resources, on the one hand, represented a large downstream market space for the intellectually acquired products, and, on the other hand, through downstream leaders.
The sophisticated features are custom-made products that have been built into a number of complete R & D production bases, such as Shenzhen, Dongjung, Toyota, Suzhou, Chengdu, Chengzhou, and Tinless, which have been produced in quantities and have been produced on a larger scale and on a more sustained basis.
Capabilities to meet individual client demand for orders for different types of products and numerous customers in a timely manner, consolidating the dominant trends in client and intellectual development over the next few years as an intelligent terminal represented by smartphones, with techniques such as oled screens, wireless chargers, etc. placing higher demands on manufacturing processes, devices and new materials: smart terminal upgrades triggered by 5g technology will result
Proximity 1: Precision function and structural elements: Precision function and structural elements as typical high-precision devices benefiting from industry explosion Scenario 2: Display and Tactile Modules: Display and Tactile Models are also key materials and expected to deliver fast
Assumption 3: Trade and logistics services: significant reductions in corporate investment in trade and logistics services operations in 2018, resulting in scenarios 5: Other operations: projected growth in other company operations and stable Māori rates. Assuming an increase in volume, we have selected companies in the electronics industry from which the company is based as a reference for valuations.
Risks of industry and macroeconomic fluctuations; risk of higher customer concentration; risk of changes in demand in downstream industries; management of operations; no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report; Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.