Center for Resource and Environmental Research (CRED) Consistency Holdings (002352.sz) Purchased (first rating) Barriers are strong and open to growth
The direct-camp model builds brand advantages, and the Skynet+Tenet-Network builds core barriers. The company is a direct-model delivery company that helps to safeguard service quality and timeliness, high-quality services bring brand premiums, Skynet, Earthnet, Information Network, and Intangible Asset Services + Prescription Mind.
The additional $20 billion, mainly for airport construction, equipment upgrades, network resources, etc., will help to consolidate existing business advantages and further upgrade the industry.
The main way to expand is to complete the acquisition of 51.8% of the Garrett logistics stock on September 28, 2021, to take over the Asian self-contained logistics facility resources of the Garrett logistics industry, and to combine the stock exchange and customs clearance experience, the China-United States shipping resources and the b-end customer accumulation, the fleet utilization rate will increase, and international operations will increase.
Auzhou airport against a Memphis, laying the foundation for future development. The Auzhou civil airport project, which was built with a capital investment, has been launched and is expected to be launched in mid-2022, and the airport transit centre is expected to be operational with a smooth fleet that will shift from a small to a medium-sized aircraft mode, with a partial point-to-point mode of air transport to axle-type aviation.
A shift in the mode of transport, which is expected to reduce the operating costs of the fleet by 20% of the unit, and the “junction flight” model, which is expected to produce efficiency gains, will increase to double the number of cities every day, and the quality of time-bound product services will be further enhanced and consolidated. The system of fast-delivery products will be upgraded optimally, and traditional advantages will continue.
Standard land transport products are upgraded to a new generation of smooth and fast products, and as business volumes increase and asset utilization increases, the maturity ratio will improve. The preferential access guides high-quality customers to fast-products of electric trademarks, redefines the boundaries of the population and optimizes the structure, matching resource inputs with product positioning.
(a) The diversification of business with the city is on the market on the main board of the Hong Kong joint venture, raising funds mainly for the expansion and replenishment of the main business, and broadening access to finance. (b) High-end and main-market coverage in fast-track operations, a rich product service matrix, and a wide variety of performances in the first half of 2021
With a 50% increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis, an extension of value-added services has been introduced, and the end-of-service advantage has been further deepened. The firm’s operating bottom line has been strengthened, and the M&A logistics is expected to expand its international operations.
The risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; the risk of significant increases in labour costs; the failure to increase productivity utilization as expected; and the creation of branding advantages in the direct-camp model, which combines the core barriers of the Skynet + Landnet + Information Network 1.1 direct-camp model, which constructs differentiated competitiveness, and the restoration of profitability in the immediate future.
• The straight-line model contributes to a smooth and high-quality service, with client satisfaction and timeliness ranked first. Under the straight-line model, courier headquarters have strong control over core resources, branch executives have ensured service quality and efficiency and improved user experience.
In the report on the results of the satisfaction survey and the time-frame tests, the Sino-Congregation “Commercial Express Enterprise Overall Satisfaction” for 12 consecutive years was ranked first, with all indicators ranked first in the results of the Express Service Time Timing Test, as well as high barriers to quality service, resulting in brand premiums. Company single ticket revenue was higher than the industry average, source
In the face of the new coronary epidemic, a smooth and aggressive response to external environmental changes has resulted in a 69% increase in volume over the year 2020, far exceeding the industry ' s overall growth rate of 31%.
Capital spending has sunk net profits of 2021q1 and has recovered slowly since the first quarter of 2021q2. Since the end of 2020, the company has invested more resources in areas such as transit sites, automation equipment, dry feeder capacity, etc., in order to put the chassis in place and improve the volume and capacity of the network as a whole.
In the first quarter of 2021, the company increased its incentives and subsidies for its employees who were left behind, both of which were overstretched by the net profits of the company. On a quarterly basis, the company achieved a rise in the net profit margin, and, given the effectiveness of the epidemic control, the company actively pursued various measures to optimize its investments into a recovery period.
The company announced in May 2021 that it would publish a revised version of the shares in public, and that it would complete its stock register on 11th of the month. The issue of the new shares is limited to six months, with the final price distribution plan, and the company’s financing will be used mainly for the main business and future strategic layout, including the Australasia airport.
Construction, equipment upgrades, network resource inputs, etc., which helped to consolidate existing business advantages, raise corporate profitability and further upgrade the industry.
As of June 2021, the company owned 66 self-employed cargo aircraft (of which 767, 11, 747, 2, 757, 36 and 737, 17) and increased the average fleet ' s age to 69, far higher than other cargo flights, leading the industry.
▪ Air traffic is the highest in the country. In the first half of 2021, the company completed 26.6 million full cargo flights, with a shipment of 824,000 tons, accounting for 33 per cent of total domestic air traffic. Resources for international flights are expanding. Corporate routes cover Europe, North America, and South-East Asia, 2020.
Hwang Fung carried out a total of 3,580 international flights, an increase of 353 per cent over the same period, starting 27 international routes = Frankfurt, Changsha = Liège, Wuhan = Osaka, the initial size of the international network of routes, and further strengthening of the international supply chain network operating chassis.
The company operates in 335 local and 2,848 district-level municipalities, with 99.4% coverage in the country; the international target is fast and preferential.
Operations covered 78 countries and areas, and cross-border btoc and electricity dealers covered 225 countries and areas. As of the end of June 2021, the company had 10 hubs, 37 air and rail stations (excluding sites co-located with transit sites), and 151 sector transit sites (excluding express shipments).
Eight more vehicles at the end of the year, 69 more than at the end of 2019. 68,000 vehicles were outsourced and 110,000 vehicles were received at the end. The warehouse network was complete. As of the end of June 2021, there were 259 different types of self-contained warehouses.
Repository (including the New Summer Cold Chain Logistics Centre) covering an area of about 3.05 million square metres. The company’s two-way supply chain, with 161 conglomerates, covers an area of 2.34 million square metres, and is a flexible complement to its own storage resources.
Supply chain solutions. In addition, the company operates an offshore warehouse network, currently located in 15 offshore warehouses, covering nine overseas countries and territories, namely, the United States, Germany, Estonia, the United Kingdom, Poland, Thailand, Indonesia, Japan, and Australia, providing one-stop export and import supply chain services.
1.4 Information network: front-line technology enabling intelligent logistics, efficiency enhancement and user experience
Figure 19: Affordable technology business structure, based on the construction of a bottom platform that combines big data and artificial intelligence technologies, is widely applied to speed, warehousing, cold transport, medicine.
Large data ecology, business, finance, international, etc., built up including smart management platforms, smart decision-making platforms, and real-time capital spending, which continues to increase. 2021h1, smooth capital expenditure of $9.8 billion, mainly in investment.
Divisional centres, aircraft, land, warehouses, information technology equipment, etc., focusing on systems intelligent construction, automation equipment inputs, deepening resource accommodation between multi-purpose business blocks and optimizing the entire camp
The cash paid by this country is significantly better than that of comparable companies, information technology, and, secondly, the acquisition of Gary Logistics, a crucial step in international operations.
2.1 Complete the acquisition of 51.8% of Garrett Logistics 51.8% of Garrett Logistics. According to the announcement of 29 September 2021, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary fluourishharmony, successfully acquired the company listed on the joint master board, Garrett.
Current (00636.hk) 51.8 per cent of equity, corresponding to 931 million shares, with a trade-off of approximately 17,555 million carri at a price of 2.2 carri at a high price, with a wide global network layout.
Garry Logistics, based in Hong Kong, can provide customers with a range of supply chain solutions. Main operations. Country and regional offices. Global networks across six continents. Partners in many areas such as clothing, electronics, food drinks, alcohol, fast-out products, industry, automobiles, medicine, etc., end-of-end networks.
According to Transport Technologies, Carri logistics ranked sixth in the world’s freight-forwards by 1,325 million boxes in 2020. International freight operations sustained high growth.
In terms of operations, 2021h1 companies earned 11.4 billion Hong Kong dollars, 25.2 billion Hong Kong dollars and 120 million Hong Kong dollars, respectively, representing an increase of 23 per cent, 101 per cent and 23 per cent respectively.
Figure 26: Disbursing revenue from Gali logistics operations in 2017-2021h1 Core net profit scenario upwards. During the first half of 2021, core business profits from Gali logistics increased by 70 to 25.40 billion Hong Kong dollars; core net profits increased by 81 per cent compared to 1.53 billion Hong Kong dollars; net profits from parent returns increased by 81 per cent.
33.80 billion Hong Kong dollars, an increase of 215 per cent over the same period. Sub-operations show that corporate logistics operations, international cargo operations, and warehouse operations spreads of HK$ 1.02 billion, HK$ 1.44 billion and HK$ 280 million, respectively. Figure 27: Net profit on logistics in 2016-2021h1
Logistics operations: Based in Asia, markets outside mainland China are widely distributed. In the first half of 2021, the revenue from the logistics operations outside mainland China was HK$8.8 billion, accounting for 72 per cent of total logistics operations, an increase of 4.4 per cent over the same period, with income from Asia (other than China and abroad) accounting for a share of revenues.
International freight: China’s mainland accounted for the highest share of international cargo, increasing rapidly. In the first half of 2021, the international freight operation at Garrey Logistics generated revenues of HK$11.59 billion in mainland China, accounting for 36 per cent of total international freight revenues, an increase of 104 per cent over the same period. In the first half of 2021, the international freight operation benefited from a shift in consumption patterns and a change in the mainland.
Garry Logistics has a rich Asian self-contained logistics facility resource. Garry Logistics has more than 10,000 self-employed vehicles, 24 logistics centres, located in mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Asia.
Self-contained logistics facilities in his region accounted for 27 per cent, 15 per cent, 11 per cent and 46 per cent, respectively.
Cross-border logistics requires that logistics companies be familiar with national laws and regulations, customs clearance processes, etc. International freight forwarding operations are the backbone of Gary’s logistics operations, accounting for 60.1% and 60.1% respectively in 2020 and the first half of 2021.
68.6% is expected to supplement the resources and capabilities of the international freight forwarders, customs clearance, etc., and effectively expand the resources of the Chinese-American airline to make up for the short-term. Keriappex, under the Garry logistics umbrella, has a strong Asian-American carrier capacity, and was the largest shipless carrier in Asia to the United States in July 2020.
As a result of the acquisitions, the resources of the Skynet have been further enriched, increasing the density of markets in the Americas region and enhancing the advantages of international cross-border operations.
It is reported that more than 40 of the 100 major global trades selected by the global leading brand consultant, Interbrand, are active customers of Garrett Logistics, have accumulated considerable industry expertise, and have applied innovative processes in different industries to provide customers with fashion and fine clothing, electronics and technology.
Solutions in the catering, fast consumer goods, industrial and material sciences, automobiles, and pharmaceutical health care sectors. With Gary’s client resources and multi-industry solutions, a smoother fleet advantage and a good service network, the future is expected to expand international operations both vertically and horizontally.
Full supply chain services and further extension of logistics networks both inside and outside the country. A smooth and sustained international business deployment, which has become the fastest growing business block. 16 additional countries, including Kenya, Argentina, and Laos, were added in 2020 to the Consistency International Express operation, covering 78 countries abroad
At the national and regional levels, China’s export routes to the United States, Europe, and China’s dominant rail routes to Europe and Russia are being developed vigorously. In 2020, the international shipping lines of the All-Friendly Cargo Carrier totalled about 90,000 tons, and international operations achieved tax-free revenues of 6 billion yuan, an increase of 110 per cent, representing the company’s total revenues.
4%, making it the fastest growing business block for companies. In the first half of 2021, smooth international operations achieved $3.3 billion, an increase of 13% over the same period. 2.4 vs. ups and Fedex, international operations will be the new growth point.
In absolute terms, the sum of US$ 15.9 billion was collected in 2020 by the International Pocket Camp, and US$ 25.2 billion in 2021 by the International Pocket Camp. In comparison, the share of international pups in 2020 was 19% of the total, and in 2021 by the International Pocket Camp.
International operations account for 30% of the total. And smooth international operations (excluding Kari logistics) account for only 4% of the total.
According to data for 2016-2020, the international sector has sled 30-45% of profits at around 20% of income. Particularly affected by the epidemic, household isolation has changed purchasing habits, electricity suppliers are growing rapidly within and across borders, logistics transport has a scale effect, and the share of profits in international operations in 2020 has been synchronized.
• For the sender industry, increasing profitability initially means expanding the size of the business, along multiple lines such as collection, transport, transit and dispatch.
Strategicly, cross-border markets through the acquisition of layouts are currently the most efficient way to scale up. Companies that want to replicate their own growth paths in other countries need to plan for policy issues ranging from initial site setting, transport distribution, etc., to operating license plates.
The history of the international logistics giants is a successful example of the expansion of acquisitions. Since their listing in 1999, more than 40 firms have accumulated M&As to expand global operations, which now cover 220 countries around the world.
In 1989, Fedex successfully acquired the world’s largest air freighter, the country’s largest air cargo company, and acquired access to 21 countries, a large fleet of aircraft and a global layout, and began to open international markets in a step-by-step manner. Until 2016, Fedex’s global expansion path continued.
The acquisition of tntexpress has significantly complemented the road networks in Europe, the Middle East and Asia and will be connected to the ground network of Fedex and tntexpress by 2020. The two are now integrated in the transport and distribution chain in 2021 and are expected to complete the air network integration in 2022.
The acquisition of Gary rapidly replenishs cross-border logistics resources and further increases cross-border operations. Carri logistics development is based in Asia, one of the largest third-party logistics firms in the South-East Asian market, rich in local courier experience and customer resources in Thailand and Viet Nam, and is expected to be in branding, resource acquisition, and cost management.
Sharing in the areas of governance, operating systems, etc., effectively helped smooth and fast-paced the region’s markets.
The company invests in the Ostate Civil Airport Transit Centre, a project to build a cargo-based international air cargo pipeline with Hubei Province and Ozhou City, which will become Asia’s first and fourth world cargo hub airport.
The State Council, the Central Military Commission, the CDRC, the Ministry of Transport and Communications approved the planning of priority projects for the “13th Five” project, which was included in one of the five priority projects in Hubei Province and was approved by the State Council and the Central Military Commission.
The airport transit centre is initially expected to be operational after installation and commissioning in 2023.  against Memphis, the Ordnance airport also has the potential of a super-cargo hub.
The airport is very similar, located in the middle of China and the United States of America, and has a clear geographical advantage, and is full of the requirements of the foot-axis irradiation network for super-transit centres.
90% of the country’s territory will form a national rapid transit logistics cargo hub in the central part of the country, which will reshape the air cargo market structure of our civil aviation. The development of an axle irradiation network will effectively enhance the efficiency of the network.
The first axle air cargo network, where cargo planes from major cities in the east and west of the United States transport cargo to and from Memphis, and then return cargo to the point of origin, achieving significant mitigation efficiency gains. Similarly, we can expect companies to build axle irradiation networks at the heart of the Oxy State airport, and overall flight network efficiency.
It will be effectively upgraded to provide a sound base-plate support for expanding product coverage, increasing product timeliness, building up high-end composite services capacity, and reducing the operating costs of the air network. 3.2 State Airport will be a trump card for future efficiency gains.
At the cost end, in the case of Bimmenphis, we believe that the axle irradiation network at the Australasia airport can lead to the following (1) concentration of power configurations. The axle irradiation network, through the aeronautical hub, has a second rational configuration of power movement from across the country, based on the history of the development of Fedex, after its use in Memphis.
Over the five-year period, there has been a marked slowdown in the number of aircraft, a faster increase in the volume of transport goods, a faster increase in the volume of transport, a faster increase than the growth of the corporate fleet, an increase in the efficiency of aircraft utilization and the replacement of small aircraft by large aircraft. (2) Logistics network costs have been reduced in total and cost ends have been effectively controlled.
With the introduction of Memphis airport, the cost of single tickets and single tickets for fuel has fallen significantly.
At the revenue end, the target-directed cargo load will increase considerably. In 2020, the full cargo load was 850,000 tons, an increase of 47%.
The main international air cargo logistics hub, the first in Asia and the fourth in the world, is expected to reach 2.45 million tons of postage in 2025 and 3.3 million tons of postage in 2030, under which there will be greater scope for improving smooth cargo traffic.
In the old passenger airport, cargo planes usually have to give way to passenger aircraft, which are often difficult to obtain during the day, which is a key barrier to the expansion of the statute of limitations, and the effective circumvention of the company's hub location in Oblast.
In the next few days, there will be an increase in the number of cities. The Orzhou airport, as a freight terminal, will add a large amount of daytime time, allowing smooth prescription operations to reach more cities across the country.
At the same time, overnight courier services were conducted, providing overnight delivery services to 90 countries around the world by the end of the 1980s, and the role of specialized cargo airports in Memphis could not be ignored. The city that the company could reach within two days after the airport became operational would be from the present time.
More than 140 have been raised to nearly 300, with most of the major cities enjoying daily access to industrial cluster logistics, leading up to supply chain penetration. Based on the integrated pilot area of the airport of Huako, Toyo State, which is co-located with Wu Han Tian Airport, emphasis will be placed on the development of a new generation of information technology,
Industries such as automobiles and parts manufacturing, biopharmaceuticals, smart manufacturing, etc., create a platform for efficient cooperation between industry and logistics. In 2020, the high-technology industry in the Wuhan city circle added $600 billion, representing 23% of the gdp, and the capacity of the urban circle to innovate steadily increased.
Industry resources can further enhance the penetration of supply chain operations in Wuhan city circles.iv. Optimization of product systems, diversification of services across the board, 4.1 courier operations: prescriptions are driven by high-end consumption and economic brands are optimized
In a time-limited business, there is a high-quality, high-quality door-to-door delivery product that meets the needs of a person and an enterprise's customer.
Subsistence land-based products are upgraded to a new generation of smooth and fast products with high value for money, and companies have a strong lead in time. In economic couriers, preferences are tailored to optimize customer structures and enhance profitability.
Prices, serving the electric market and providing specialized warehousing and siloing services, gradually divided into two layers of products during the year: one for the company's direct “brand fast” product and the other for the “high-speed” product. The original benefits were tailored to optimize the customer structure during the year, leading to the upgrading of some high-quality customers.
A high-level to high-value trademark fast-forming product, with another part to be integrated with a high-speed network that divides the client community, further matches resource cost inputs with product location and reduces Maori pressure.1 High-end brands have been placed on the accelerator line to match company brands and capture the new growth point of the statute of limitations
Epidemic-catalyzing commodity consumption has accelerated and the consumption structure has improved. The share of online retail sales in total retail sales of consumer goods in society has been rising, rising by 4 percentage points in the same year in 2020.
The Department of State is currently publishing an article on the trend towards an upscaling of consumption structures, with lower preferences for low- and medium-end consumer goods, and higher preferences for high-end consumer goods. According to the Bann advisory survey, the global scale of luxury goods declined in 2020, and the consumption of luxury goods in our country remains in reverse.
In 2020, there was a boom in luxury brands, cartier, gucci, prada,
Valenciaga, armani, saintlaurent, etc. are officially in place, and there is a clear trend of high-end brand power online. The Deloitte study Global Luxury Power 2020 states that 25% of first-hand and second-hand personal luxury sales are expected to be online by 2025.
For high-end consumer goods, merchants and consumers are usually less sensitive to freight costs, and are more responsive to transport timeliness, services, and safety.
And companies have been plowing their middle-to-high-end markets, increasing their timeliness and service advantages under the straight-line model, and higher brand recognition to meet such consumption characteristics. As a result, the trend towards high-end upswing consumption has given new impetus to the continued growth of the company ' s statute of limitations.
The economic Express re-matched the resource inputs, and the “double brand” strategy covered the differentiated needs of the clientele, which led to the submersion of low-end markets and the effective synergy with the conglomerate network.
In the first half of 2021, the company focused on the development of network capabilities and independent service systems, building a network of federators at both ends of the group. On the one hand, the network is based on the rest of the network.
The remaining resources, in transit and transport, are fully accessible to a smooth network, and cost and quality are guaranteed; on the other hand, the network fills the company's resources and uses marginal costs to reduce the overall cost of transportation. In the long run, the network will move the network at an anti-growing rate in the future, and group transport efficiency will be further raised.
The economy has grown significantly in the first half of 2021, with a further increase in the size of the economy’s services, a further deepening of the company’s courier operations, an increase of $14.9 billion, compared with 69 per cent, and an increase in the share of electricity in the commercial sector.
4.2 The opening of the market with a view to expanding the variety of financing channels  the last kilometre of distribution services remain in incremental space. Under the immediate distribution market, the take-off is relatively mature, and there is a tendency to diversify and expand into non-food sectors, including retail sales with the city.
In the event of an epidemic, consumption habits are being pushed up the line, with a non-food rate of 21 billion meals a year, and a complex growth rate of 46%.
The immediate distribution service platform, the third-party instantaneous distribution service platform, which receives orders from non-connected systems or from non-centralized platforms, effectively provides full distribution landscape coverage of products and services, meeting different budget requirements, range of distribution, time of service and time sensitivity.
Businesses began to build their own access channels, moving away from centralised platform management, and third-party platforms were better placed to help them interact directly with consumers and provide customized distribution services to enhance client satisfaction.
In June 2018, there was the launch of the Shun Fong City Emergency Deliveryc; in January 2019, there was the launch of the Shun Fong Town Emergency Transportb Operation; and in March 2019, there was an independent operation. In October of the same year, the “Shun Fong Town Emergency” brand was officially launched and a full-scale business model was adopted.
With more than 1,000 cities across the country, with 537,000 active riders, 222,000 active traders and 7.5 million active consumers, cooperative brands of over 2,000 and high growth rates.
There is a significant advantage in the field of b2c retailing, where there is no competition with customers such as supermarkets, community power platforms, etc., and there is a competitive advantage in the market for distribution services.
Advanced big-data decision-making capacity, superimposed high-quality services, and ranked first on the “Integrative Distribution in 2020” list published in China’s Logistics and Procurement Journal. With a high rate of growth, the economies of scale are expected to improve operational efficiency.
In 2020, the sum of $4.8 billion, or 130 per cent more, was collected in the same city; the gross loss was $190 million, a decrease from the gross loss of $340 million in 2019; and the net loss of $760 million to the mother was the same loss.
This represents an increase of 61%, mainly due to the expansion of the company’s business. As business expands, the network and scale effects of business with the city increase, meeting the needs of more customers, making full use of order performance, optimizing the order structure and reducing overall operating costs.
On December 14, 2021, the shares were placed on the Hong Kong joint venture board, offering a sale price of HK$16.42/single, the main business operation and the extension of service coverage.
It will, on the one hand, create an independent international capital operating platform for business with the city, which will enhance its business focus and profitability, and enhance its brand visibility and market influence. On the other hand, it will increase the visibility and market influence of business with the city.
After this break-up, the conglomerate industry is still a conglomerate holding company, and the company can accelerate its diversification while also better focus on traditional courier logistics. 4.3 Fast forward layouts, and the rise of new business leaders.
The fast-moving market has great potential, and the industry is in the process of integration. The zero-load fast-moving industry is a trillion-class market, in a period of scale and accelerated integration of the industry, with a faster increase in total freight volumes, with a 13.6 per cent increase in the combined cargo load of Cr10 from 2019 to 2021, taking into account the gradual expansion of the line of heavy items such as household electricity and furniture.
The future growth of the fast-moving sector will be supported by a sales channel. During the second 11-year period in 2020, smooth + smooth-minded + one-day cargo amounted to 69,000 tons, Anxious 510,000 tons, and Middle Express to 31,000 tons. Unlike the highly concentrated and highly standardized and scalding express delivery industry, the fast-carrying industry cluster
In mid-cent concentration, the Matthews effect has gradually increased, with the top 10 earnings rising from 69.3% in 2018 as a “direct battalion + union” ratio, with the upper-middle-end and main markets fully covered. The smooth and fast-moving operations were officially launched in 2015; and the investment-controlled holdings were smooth in 2018 to operate the network in a straight-on quality.
The service covers the delivery of large toc packages, small tob transfers, large-scale transfers, large-scale transfers and whole-of-carriage transport.
One of them is a direct network built from the top, with door-to-door operations in charge of Toc, the other is the main market, where the bulk plant customers of more than 500 kilograms are concentrated, and the other is a large-scale, zero-load market, where business-level, factory-level transport is carried out.
Underboard operations, search for value-added service opportunities, including enhancement of extension services such as terminal toc-to-home loading, tob-to-wareing and warehousing services, resulting in a relatively mature end-to-end differential service system. The company ' s bulletin indicates that by the end of June 2021, one-stop-to-home delivery orders had increased by more than the same time.
400 per cent, timeliness of services 99.3 per cent, and a 45 per cent increase in the same category of services.  The network has a clear advantage and a stronger time frame.
Strength is guaranteed. The life of the bulk of the cargo transport is reduced to 42 hours, by means of trunk frequency and straight-up, optimized bulking patterns, and fine control. The four networks allow for the “comfort advantage” of the fast-moving operation, which is structured so that the main operators of the express and fast-forward operations are connected to the resource.
Integrated planning and synergetic layout, fast-tracking operations further benefit from group resources.
High-end clients in the field of smooth and fast transport, company customers in bulk plant with more than 500 kg
By the end of June 2021, public officials, the company, the factory, and the fast-forward business were growing at a very high rate, bringing about a new growth point.
The Division’s fast-tracking network has 41 hubs and 79 hubs. The fast-moving operations have grown, with a peak of $11.5 billion in the first half of 2021, a 50 per cent increase in the same year, leading the industry. The overall zero load has increased by 81 per cent compared to the previous 81 per cent, with the direct network growing by 89 per cent and the federated network increasing by 89 per cent.
At the top of the list, high barriers to terminal services are built. The company’s “show and move” operations are extended throughout the country, based on end-of-end demand for large-scale logistics transport and handling, seeking “entry” services.
By the first half of 2021, one-stop-to-home delivery services for the company’s fast-moving operations had increased by more than 400 per cent on a one-time basis, with 99.3 per cent on a timely basis, and 45 per cent on a service-type basis. Since 2019, the company has been publishing a “China’s zero-weight revenue totop 30” list from the ICU.
Single, always number one. Figure 61: Top of the “China zero-earnings top30” list in 2021, number 4.4, provides for deeper resource-sharing between business plates.
In the first half of 2021, the company proposed a “four-line” to optimize the integration of resources such as the fast-moving network, the fast-moving network, the storage network, and the sites and lines of the federated network.
Cold transport and medicine, telecommunications, and international and supply chain operations. Most of the bulk of the bulk of the cargo of the fast-moving network was processed with the fast-moving network in the first half of 2021, optimizing the integration of about 1,200 main lines, or about 5 per cent of the main line.
While companies continue to expand capital spending, investment of resources, and increase their supply capacity, market competition is increasing, trade bill revenues are declining, higher demands are placed on companies to manage their costs, and there is a need to explore how to further scale up.
As an integrated logistics enterprise, the answer is "4-Net Consort", with high coupling, multi-network convergences to promote cost optimization and timeliness. The Department of Operations, with its own network, is unable to leverage the advantages of traditional brand courier operations, including timeliness, network, and time frames.
The company effectively mitigates allocation and silo pressure by relying on branded digital science chassis.
Improved collection, transfer, transport and distribution of fully-connected cost inputs and controls, systems modeling to monitor the rationality of inputs, promotion of resource utilization and operational effectiveness, improved efficiency in the operation of the company's business sector network, and 29 per cent improvement in the efficiency of the warehousing and resources as of the first half of 2021.
4.5 The energy cycle affects the reduction, accumulation and thinness of production capacity bottlenecks that need to be raised for long-term development.
In the short term, initial investment in resources inevitably erodes profits, but in the long run, the firm as a whole moves in a positive direction, integrating and financing through networks.
Business initiatives such as the integration of sources, the upgrading of automated production capacity, and the increased efficiency of the network’s operation further widens the moat and consolidates long-term competitive positions.
High growth rates, company restructuring of productive resources, ensuring that a new round of corporate growth is matched by resource inputs, depreciation amortization increased by 20 per cent in the first half of 2021 over the same period, with capital expenditure increasing from fixed assets to larger capital expenditures and a larger proportion of sorting centres.
Investments in land, warehouses, sorting centres, aircraft, and vehicles projects. Of these, the highest priority is given to the sorting centres, which invested $3.84 billion in 2020 and $3.08 billion in 2019, respectively, for the upgrading and upgrading of transit automation equipment, with emphasis on network consolidation.
Since late 2020, companies have been able to climb on the slopes, with erosion of profit levels, unrewarded pre-investments for new operations, and network integration adjustments.
In August 2021, the rate of increase in the statute of limitations rose to double digits, and the rate of q3 was restored to the point where the revenue ends were split according to the operation:
1) Express operations: Prescription: The company's direct camping model worked, the Skynet + Landnet + News Network built deep moats. During the year, the company adjusted to optimize its client structure, limited growth, expected future profitability to recover and increase, and land transport products to accelerate as a result of changes in calibre
A new generation of smooth and fast products is projected to grow at a speed of 2 in 2021-2023, heavy cargo transport operations: market space potential remains, and is in a period of scalation and accelerated industrial consolidation, with a parallel model of company “direct camp + union” with a broad product matrix and full flow.
(c) Cold transport and pharmaceutical operations: changes in consumer habits, migration from traditional channels to the line, continuous strengthening of cold storage and pharmaceutical network development, extensive industry service experience, building on group logistics
• Emergency transport with the city: Increased demand for immediate distribution services, further expansion of the main business after segmentation, continued rapid growth of profitability, expected 2021-5) international: rapid growth of cross-border power suppliers, company mergers and acquisitions of Kauri logistics, Carri Global Transport Network
The network and client resources will benefit the international business of the company and are expected to synergize into a new 6) supply chain: building on the full product matrix and integrated logistics services capabilities of the various business areas. Companies continue to explore end-to-end one-stop supply chain solutions to advance the boom and the new summer.
Digital transformation upgrade and business growth, expected to increase by 2021-2023, 8) Gary Logistics: Synergy with smoothness, sustained higher growth in international operations, expected 2021-cost end, sustained corporate push for resource integration, cost refinement management and automation upgrades
Taking into account the many inputs of recent company mergers and acquisitions, the construction of the Orzhou airport and the "four-net accommodation", the company's direct-source model ensures control over core resources, the Skynet + Groundnet + Information Networks three networks together build core barriers, the consolidation of the Cagli logistics resources, the construction of the Orzhou airport transit centre, and the creation of four networks.
A number of initiatives, such as hardening the operating chassis, rapid growth of diversified operations, and increased corporate profitability and risk of macroeconomic volatility. If the macroeconomy goes down, weak consumer demand can affect operations such as company couriers, and the risk of significant increases in labour costs. The traditional courier industry is labour-intensive, with one human cost.
The company has increased its resource investment in transit sites, automated equipment, dry feeder capacity, etc., since the fourth quarter of 2020, if the volume of operations, such as prescriptions, has not grown as expected.
New business developments do not match the expected risks. As business develops further, such as company fast, economic express, co-city, supply chain, cold transport, etc., output costs will have a certain impact on company performance.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment