Core operational barriers are solid, multi-faceted, third-party integrated logistics. In-depth report (002352), 28 January 2022
Global lead in integrated logistics service providers. Simeon works while consolidating the time-limited express service, Wei Hongme Express, and works hard on fast and fast internationally through endogenous incubation and M & As integration.
Businesses such as delivery, supply chains, cold chains, and comb distributions are firmly in transition to a third-party integrated logistics service provider. Happiness has become the largest integrated logistics service provider in the country, the fourth largest delivery company in the world, with a wealth of industry experience and experience while providing high-quality, fast delivery services.
Leading digital technologies provide customers with intelligent supply-chain solutions that encompass multiple industries, scenes, intelligence, and integration. Fast-forward price wars are suspended, regulation guides competition rationalization.
In this connection, companies have been constrained by the impact of the epidemic, but the country’s economy has been the first to recover, with a rapid increase in the penetration rate on the Internet on January 27, 2022.
In 2021, the Express Regulatory Policy led to a rationalization of the prices of the Express and an initial consolidation of the competition patterns of the Express. In the long run, it is expected that competition among the Power Traders Platforms will prompt them to choose better delivery services.
Roe (ttm) industry, guided by policy, is expected to shift the main battleground from price wars to service escalation.
Time frame for integrated third-party logistics with multiple configurations of third-party logistics. December minimum price ($) re-tiereds the delivery product, streamlines its product structure and enhances its operational effectiveness.
The airport is expected to be operational by mid-2022, forming a smooth weather network and consolidating the barriers to the statute of limitations. The sunk power vendor Express market, the four-nets, is flexible, and is growing at a fast pace.
Step-by-step. Industry competition has shifted from low-price competition for markets to higher-quality services, increasing profitability through differentiation. Firms have been slow to increase their preferential access to electricity suppliers that deliver express delivery, but powerful brands can turn into competitive advantages, and power suppliers have been at the middle and high end of the market.
The company’s statute of limitations is solid, exploring the economic market from the top down, while developing logistics operations in many ways, gradually creating the largest third-party blender in the country.
The puzzle, which further raises the time frame for products to feed the web with the advantage of the fast-line, will eventually build a multi-level product structure. It will further increase efficiency by using large data to control costs. Companies will rely on logistics in the form of a diversified layout, fast-moving, cold-chain, cross-border, etc., depending on the acquisition and integration experience.
Advanced logistics technologies provide integrated supply chain services and transform third-party integrated logistics service providers. Over a longer period of time, the company’s new business profile is over, and growth in performance is expected to start again with a scale effect.
The core operational barriers are solid, 1.1 companies are the leading global integrated logistics service providers.
Founded in Guangdong-Shunde in 1993, the company entered the Pearl Delta region in large amounts of foreign investment after talking about increased reform openness, relying on fast-starters in Hong Kong and the Pearl Triangle. The early boom was rapidly expanded through alliances, moving from South China to the whole country, and in 2002, it established its headquarters in Shenzhen.
From the federated system to the straight-line system, regulating the express delivery network and contracting with Yang Ziang to raise the speed of the express delivery, and to develop the international express delivery market. From 2012 to date, companies have continued to optimize the organizational division of labour, while consolidating the b2b express forward, sending electric power forwards, exploring the economic express delivery market, and transforming around customer operations to provide one.
In 2016, the company borrowed new material from a Xiaoping South conversation, which led to a surge in postage demand between the Pearl Triangle and Hong Kong.
• Etoju Delta, a tough start-up entrepreneurship • 1997-2001 • Start moving from South China to the whole country, fast-paced and long-term
• Establishment of Shenzhen headquarters to improve overall management capacity
• Transition from a federated to a camp model, regulating networks and improving the quality of services; signing of charter agreements with Yang Zhejiang, raising the statute of limitations;
• Authorized to set up airlines, form organic teams, compete for leadership periods, optimize organizational division of labour, transform around client operations and provide integrated supply chain solutions
Strategic transition period • Consolidation of b2b Express lead, power provider express delivery
The company’s three-quarterly report of 2021 showed that the shareholders in the company were Deep Shen Mingde Holdings Ltd., with 59.3% shareholding, 99.9% ownership by the founder Wang Wei, which constitutes real control over the public administration. Of the top 10 shareholders, the share in the top ten was generally below 5%, with a stable equity structure.
Table 1: The top ten shareholders of the company (up to the end of the third quarter of 2021) are the world’s leading integrated logistics service providers.
Businesses such as bio-incubation and M & As integration, such as fast shipments, international couriers, supply chains, cold chains, and combing, are firmly committed to a transition to a third-party integrated logistics service provider. A well-constructed system of integrated logistics services connects directly to both firms and end consumers, providing one from supply chain design, management, warehousing, transportation, customs clearance to final delivery.
In-kind services are expected to solve logistics transport problems and reduce efficiency gains for major enterprises. Sufficiency has become the largest integrated logistics service provider in the country, the fourth largest delivery company in the world, offering a rich industry experience and leading digital technology that is multi-industry, multi-scenes, intelligent, and integrated to clients while providing high-quality, fast delivery services.
Smart supply chain solutions, dedicated to data technology services as an independent third-party industry solution.
The economy and the storage of its main products are booming and booming.
For the Quality Operators, specify the range of services to be received during the time of delivery, the day of delivery, the day of delivery for time-limited, high-quality electricity.
It's just a matter of time before the end of the week, and it's just a matter of time before the end of the day.
It's a commercial delivery service that provides a professional warehouse, a national distribution, and a great deal of money.
Professional models such as warehousing, digital clouding, unionization, services that cover the whole country, better prices, more time-bound, stable.
Warehousing services. Quick delivery of major products. Quick fix.
Heavy package for economy-based fast-cargoers, single ticket for 20-100 kg, c end-of-the-art appliance.
Door-to-door service for small packages within 130 kg for 500-3000 kg for medium-sized b clients and large b-end packages
We've got a lot more than 130 kg plus, and we've got a whole car full of it.
Cost-effective logistics transport services More than 3 tons of full-carrying, supply of warehouse, 100-500 kg, main pallet,
The association model, the bulk-market zero-load transport service, the bulk-load transport service, the warehouse, etc.
The main food-cooled product, the temperature set, the cold standard.
Cold lifts. Pretective delivery. Cold storage.
2-8°C cold chain drugs, diagnostic circuits, relatively fixed trans-regional biopharmaceuticals, vd, dtp new
Chain transport, end-of-the-way priority, field cooler, straight to the point, reagents, and so on, and so forth.
Medical cold chain logistics services for special drugs, 2-8°C precision-temperature zones.
Precision seams, precision cars, vaccines, biopharmaceuticals, etc.
Medical-type goods, lines, fixed refrigerated trucks, straight, less batches of 2-8°C precision temperature.
We've got a zero-load logistics service, we've got a transport service, and we've got a major delivery in the city.
Major international products, couriers and international freight
Customized products, door-to-door delivery services, for large-scale strategists.
High-value, high-weight segment with a high-prescriptive, high-quality supply within the same city.
Domestication, new business, new modes of cross-border transport of goods are instantaneous.
Logistics services
International supply chain solutions \deltas meet the straight lines of cross-border power suppliers
Customization, panorama integration for standardization and immediate logistics products
(ii) Services for digitally integrated supply chains (II) price-fixing
Building on the integration of large-scale data, alot technology and hardware and software systems
Fresh storage services Packing services Technology-enabling logistics networks and product combinations, integration
The experience in supply chain management, which is advanced by the Shun Fong and the new summer, provides businesses with three levels of supply chain strategic planning, tactical planning and optimization, and transport execution management, covering a multi-industry, multi-scenario, multi-scenario, and multi-scenes.
End-to-end, intelligent, integrated supply chain solutions Time-to-use express delivery is basic, sunk power-to-economy express market, and integrated logistics service providers are transformed.
The platform’s economic delivery. Compatibility with the third-party strategy, based on a large express delivery network, extended to the areas of fast, cold, supply chain, tether distribution, etc., has built an integrated logistics service system, gradually turning into an integrated third-party logistics service provider. In addition, companies have vigorously explored extension services through large-scale data and abundance.
Management experience, providing enterprises with integrated supply chain solutions from supply chain planning to operations management. Integrated logistics systems provide a full range of services in a variety of areas, such as industrial manufacturing, commercial flows, agricultural upswings, food cold chains, medicine flows, cross-border trade, local life, and a combination of scale effects and advanced digital management capabilities.
Networks, land networks, information networks, are gradually reducing new business costs. Since 2012, the company ' s prescription services have been largely stable, moving into strategic transition and actively exploring new business patterns. From 2016 to 2020, the company ' s income from its main business grew from 57,483 million yuan to 153,987 million yuan, and the share of domestic prescription goods in the income from its main business decreased from 80.09 per cent to 80.09 per cent.
43.09%, the new business has gradually become the driving force behind the growth of corporate revenue. By the end of 2020, companies received 66,360 million yuan, 44,148 million yuan, 18,517 million yuan, 7,104 million yuan, 6,497 million yuan, or 5,973 million yuan, or 43 per cent, respectively, of their main business revenues.
The production date delivery model succeeded in sinking the power vendor express market, relying on a time-limited air transport capability and a zero-load fast-moving network that quickly infiltrates all the links in the manufacturing and circulation sectors.
The business map is expanding. Starting with the model of association, after 2002, focused on the price-insensitive area of prescription delivery, a strong shift in the network to a straight-line model, moving in the opposite direction to the express route, led the way in the market with the time-limit breakdown. After 2010, the power-market platform entered a high-speed development phase, and the boom has largely taken control of the time-limit delivery market, from high to high.
The end-to-end market has been sinking, and by the end of 2020, the cashier ' s economy express revenue had reached 29% of the principal income, gradually replacing the high Māori rate ' s prescription speed as a smooth growth engine. We believe that the next phase of smoothness will focus on four grids and lower efficiency gains. After the price war ended, the supplier express competition pattern was initially stable, with a smoother power supply.
At the end of the concessionary dividend period, the smooth delivery market was stable, while the new business was still growing at a rapid rate. In 2020, there was an increase of 46.3 per cent, 27.5 per cent, respectively, in smooth and fast shipments, cold chains, international couriers, comb distributions, supply chains and other operations.
Figure 6: Growth in smooth new business practices (%) is key to a smooth transition. After more than 20 years of development, smooth products cover the various niches of logistics services, and have formed a fast-moving network for time-bound express delivery services, a network operating as a federated network, large and small ticket zero loads.
As the new business develops, there is a partial overlap between the networks, with a view to increasing the use of resources, releasing capacity, raising the overall timeliness, and companies need to integrate different network resources. If part of the preferential package does not match a vehicle, it can be filled with a fast network with a guaranteed time frame, or during the power vendor ' s express peak period.
Replacing other network resources to prevent the backlog of express deliveries from operating in a jamming sorting centre. Speed, speed, abundance, and warehousing are key to building an integrated and integrated logistics system that will lead to efficiency gains, increase the efficiency of the company’s operations, and help the company develop its new business style quickly.
Transport is the bloodstream of economic development. The courier logistics industry is the blood vessels of the entire economic chain, in the first, second, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, third, third, and third, third, third, and third, third, and third, and third, fourth, fourth, fourth, third, third, third, and third, and third, fourth, fourth, and third, fourth, fourth, fourth, and third, and third, fourth, and third, and third, fourth, fourth, fourth, fourth, fourth, fourth, fourth, fourth, fourth, fourth, and third, fourth, third, third, third, fourth, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, fourth, fourth, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, fourth, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, fourth, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third, third,
As the economy develops, China’s freight logistics can be roughly divided into five stages. From 1978 to 1984, the country was in the early stages of reform and opening up, with the state-owned economy dominated by the national economy.
The industry occupies a central position, with companies such as the Chinese Postal Group and the Chinese Material Transport Group as the main operators of road freight, with a volume of about 1.5 billion tons. In 1984, the third plenary session led to a boom in the individual economy, individual drivers began to appear, and the volume of road freight increased to about 7.5 billion tons with economic growth.
The massive entry of capital into China, the entry of brand chains such as Wal-Mart and Carrefour into the country and the promotion of retail consumption have also led to a rapid increase in demand for fragmented shipments, a rise in the volume of road freight to approximately 13.4 billion tons, a country-owned, point-to-point transport network unable to meet the growth in zero-load freight demand, and the emergence of large numbers of private freight companies and convoys to fill the capacity gap.
Third-party logistics has emerged. Consumer logistics has risen rapidly since 2005, spurred by a treasure-picking power platform. This phase of express demand has grown at an average annual rate of nearly 60%, increasing industry concentration has been brought about by a large, medium-sized logistics fleet that has gradually annexed to replace small mini-caravans and individual drivers, and the market has seen the emergence of couriers and couriers.
Large-scale couriers, such as Shunt Fung, carry about 30.8 billion tons of road freight. The road logistics industry has matured since 2013, with about 34.3 billion tons of road freight, tight policy controls, and express couriers are gradually improving water management via the Internet. Figure 7: Road freight (billion tons) and gdp (billions of dollars)
Figure 8: Medium heavy card holdings (millions) China adheres to a “dynamic zero” vaccination policy, with the economy leading a strong recovery during the epidemic. The new crown epidemic has had a severe impact on the economic performance of the countries, China maintains a dynamic zero policy, and the economy has taken the lead in achieving rapid progress in the second half of 2020.
In 2020, China’s gdp, which amounted to 10,1.6 trillion yuan, grew by 2.3% over the same period, breaking the billionth mark for the first time. According to the International Monetary Fund, China was the only country in the world’s major economies that were growing in 2020 as a result of the new crown epidemic.
China’s total imports and exports in 2020 amounted to 32.2 trillion yuan, an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same year, sustained by the impact of the epidemic and positive growth. China’s logistics sector, driven by steady industrial growth, good export-import trade and faster national consumption, remained relatively high, with a total cost of 1.49 billion yuan per year in 2020.
2.2 Epidemics promote online consumption, telecoms drive increased demand for express goods, the epidemic promotes the upswing of retail consumption lines, and the volume of couriers maintains a high rate of growth. Delivery services, as a key segment of the logistics market, grew by 36.3 times between 2010 and 2020, respectively.
And 15.3 times; in November 2021, the volume of couriers in the country reached hundreds of millions, the size of which has been ranked first in the world for many years in a row. The outbreak of the new crown epidemic has had a tremendous impact on residents’ mobility and on the operation of real shops, as well as on citizens’ need to buy and sell local lives during the epidemic, and citizens are gradually turning to shopping and delivering meals online.
In China, the penetration rate on the physical commodity line rose rapidly from 20.7 per cent in December 2019 to over 24 per cent. The rate of online penetration of goods in the form of food, clothing, use, etc., which was controlled by the domestic epidemic, slowed down and retailing of goods on the Internet slowed, but it is hoped that the epidemic will continue to develop a public practice of shopping online, either after the outbreak is over or partly after it is over.
By June 2021, according to cnic, we had 812 million Internet buyers, representing 80.3% of the Internet population, and a high Internet penetration rate. Of this, the number of live users is about 384 million, which represents only 38% of the Internet population, and there is still much room for increasing the penetration rate of live operators.
From the end of the first quarter of 2020 to the end of 2020, the number of users of live electricity increased from 265 million to 388 million, and the proportion of Internet users as a whole rose from 29.3 per cent to 39.2 per cent. As of the end of 2020, the number of live news users had risen to over 400 billion yuan (gmv), the speedier gmv to approximately $381.2 billion (mv), the size of the country's live electricity vendor market to 1.2 trillion yuan, and the number of live electricity received over a period of two years.
Urbanization in the central and western parts of the country is expected to lead to a new round of surges in courier logistics. Over the last decade, the country’s total cost of social logistics has been rising at a downward trend, with the share of online sales of goods in kind falling in comparison with the share of the company’s total zero in 2021, and the speed of the express delivery industry increasing.
The imbalance in economic development has led to uneven demand for express goods, the economic development of the eastern coast of the country, which is the main food-producing area and destination for the express logistics industry, with the eastern region accounting for about 80% of the total. There is still much room for upgrading of express goods in the central and western regions, upgrading of logistics technology, and maturity of the public railway network.
As a major impediment to development in the central and western parts of the country, the share of couriers in the eastern part of the country has declined slowly since 2015, and it is expected to increase steadily under the broad common goal of wealth, with the increase in urbanization in the central and western parts of the country.
2.3 The high concentration of the industry and the low barriers to its entry lead to price wars The high concentration of the industry, but indefensible. Express network formations are huge, capital concentration is high, and the express market is relatively concentrated. According to the National Postal Service, the concentration index for express and package services was 82.2 in 2020.
The market is more concentrated. China’s Express industry is the main players in China’s central, circular, Xinzong, Hinda, 100th, polar rabbits, Hong Fong and Chinese postal services. Among them, the Express Net, which acquired the market quickly at a price swap in 2020, acquired Express 100 in 2021 and, according to our estimates, the number of such cases was between 6.7 and 7.4 per cent in 2021.
New entrants have led to price wars. From 2017, electric power platforms, such as treasure-hunting, began to mature, with zero sales on the physical commodities network slowing down, and retail sales on the physical goods network grew by only 12% in 2021, well below 28% in 2017.
In 2019, Express's front-loading revenue fell rapidly, and by the end of April 2021, it was about $2.1 per single ticket for Express's business, down more than one third from 2019. Zhejiang province, Yiu, led the country.
Important food-producing areas have become a necessary arena for reaching large couriers. Because of the fact that the region has more low-priced and small commodities, and is more sensitive to the price of couriers, large couriers generally take delivery at lower-cost prices and maintain price wars through blood transfusions from other regions.
2.4 Regulation guides competition to service upgrading. Policy guides fair price competition. After the new year of 2021, the Express price battles continue to ferment, front-loading single-barrel revenues quickly fall, and couriers such as polar rabbits generally operate at lower-than-cost prices in the Eu region and are regulated by malignant competition.
In 2021, the Zhejiang Provincial Supervisory Authority issued several regulatory letters to some couriers, and in April 2021 adopted the Zhejiang Province Delivery Promotion Ordinance (draft), which stipulates that couriers must not provide delivery services at lower-cost prices: in June 2021, the Ministry of Transport and the Post Office, among others, issued a joint paper on the legal protection of the rights and interests of courier groups.
In December 2021, the Chinese Express Association issued the Guide to Accounting for End-Service Fees in Express Delivery Enterprises, which proposes that courier fees should be “local minimum wage rates* times per month” (26 days per day)” and clearly defined couriers.
On the basis of the calculation of fees, which guarantees the rights and interests of couriers. On the basis of the calculation of the operating costs and profits of the portal, it is determined that the head office's single-ticket fee for the web site will guarantee that the site will still have profits in addition to the expenditure covered. On 7 January 2022, the State Postal Administration issued a note on the administration of the Express Market (Revised Draft), re-emphasizing that it should not be inferior.
A number of policies have been put in place to limit competition for losses, while raising the cost of delivery operations, forcing delivery firms to raise service prices. The industry pattern is initially stable, and express prices are expected to pick up.
The rise of live power providers, such as the multiplicity, product-only, and vibrating speeds, has had a clear impact on the status of the treasures, the speediers do not face the pressure of upstream business flows, the industrial policies that support the 100-year-old merger and buy-up take time to digest the 100-year-old express network, and the industry price increases are inevitable.
In the medium-to-long term, the industry will strive to improve quality and compete through services.
We have a long-term balance between the price of the express and the price of the electric supplier's economy, which is about 3.4 dollars. And the price of the services that result from the price war is clearly falling, the delivery of the couriers is poorly paid, the delivery of the express is difficult to deliver to the door, and so on.
As per capita income and network penetration rises, higher demands are placed on express delivery services, and industry will increase its income by focusing on the quality of its services to improve the quality of its services, leading to a shift in industry’s competition from price competition to quality upgrading. The marginal penetration rate on the physical goods line has slowed, and express delivery services or new competition points for power platforms have been introduced.
The volume of retail sales on the Internet continued to decline at a similar rate, with retail sales on the Internet of goods in kind increasing at a significant rate of zero per cent of the total number of companies in 2019, and the rate of penetration on the front line of goods affected by the epidemic increased by 4.2 percentage points to 24.9 per cent in 2020, but the penetration on the line declined to 24.5 per cent in November 2021.
At the end of the high-speed development period, there are bottlenecks in increasing penetration on the physical commodity line. We believe that, until new logistics technologies emerge, the development of the power-market platform will be subject to a long-term upgrading of the logistics time frame, which will become the new 3.
3.1 In April 2021, the company upgraded the prescription products by upgrading the existing smooth day, good morning, good bid speed, and the structure of the fast-tracked goods.
Shun Feng is part of the special fast series, which ensures delivery on the day of receipt, with the Beijing-Shanghai Line, for example, with a first weight of $70 and a renewal of $30 per kilogram: Shun Fong Fong was quickly upgraded from some of the routes in the morning after Shun Feng and in the fast-track to provide "fast, punctual, stable" high quality and door-to-door services, covering more than 300 cities in the country, for example, the Beijing-Shanghai Line.
The first 23 dollars, with a renewal of 10 dollars per kilogram; the original land transport sign, which is fast-tracked and incorporated into the smooth tender, is committed to receiving and receiving within the specified service scope and time of delivery, with a clear time frame for delivery, depending on the time of dispatch and the administrative area of the place of dispatch/receipt, which can be consulted and delivered within the province and the economy as soon as 12 per cent before the next day, using the Beijing-Shanghai Line as the first 18 dollar.
A 5-kilogram renewal. The retiereded product structure of the prescription expressway is simpler, eliminates the pre-existing smooth and fast co-existing with the ground and makes it easier for clients to misconstrue air transport, thus affecting the brand’s “fast-track” image.
Figure 25: Changes in the product stratification of the time frame
♪ The day comes, the day comes, the day comes ♪
• The next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the second morning, the next morning, the second day, the next morning, the second the morning, the second day, the next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the next morning, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the next, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the
• Rapid land transport markers. The transition from business to high-end branding of time-limits requirements under the epidemic, with the difference in service from the core becoming the electricity vendor, has slowed the growth margin since 2012, when business documents became the core of the time-limit express market.
Since the beginning of the epidemic, the country has resolutely implemented a dynamic policy of zero-suming, with the suspension of inter-provincial trips to high- and medium-risk provinces and cities, which has forced a large amount of business needs to shift online, and has accelerated the process with the maturity of the web-based conference tools. The core business express, as a statute of limitations, is also gradually becoming paperless as it operates online, and the demand for commercial express is declining.
High-end consumer brands are rising, and as the penetration rate increases, high-end consumer brands are becoming more important, depending on private-area flows. High-end consumer brands tend to be more valuable, more focused on the quality of services than electric expressors, such as those that have access to the system, and more secure, fast, high-quality images and high-end consumer brands are created under a business-as-usual model.
To match this, fast access to high-end consumer brand markets, taking on the express demand for apples, McDonalds, etc., and providing a delivery service that matches the brand positioning image for the development of private domain needs of affordable brands. We believe that high-quality services and brand positions are favoured by high-end consumer brands, and that the prescriptions are moving from commercial express to high-end power providers.
With the ongoing impact of the epidemic, it is expected that the rate of high-end consumer branding will continue to rise and become a new shipping airport for the company ' s Express. There is currently no dedicated hub airport in the country, most cargo planes take off and land with passenger aircraft, which are often scheduled to have fewer passenger planes at night, leading to large costs.
In the absence of dedicated cargo aircraft resources, couriers often choose to work with freight forwarders or airlines to acquire spare abdominal resources to guarantee the timeliness of the product, which also makes it very expensive to deliver.
The first school flight is expected to take place in mid-2022. The airport will build a 4e level airport, which will operate primarily on a full cargo plane, with an independent parallel double runway, with an estimated 2.45 million tons of cargo through mail in 2025, 1 million passenger throughput, 3.3 million through mail in 2030, and 1.5 million passenger throughput.
Forty-six per cent of the stock, when operational, will become a hub for a saturated cargo fleet, providing a wealth of time resources, allowing a saturated cargo fleet to fly in large numbers during the day, thereby significantly increasing aircraft utilization, reducing costs and improving time efficiency. Compared to the existing network, the Orchia airport will form a radiative country-wide express logistics model in the central part of the country.
The 1.5-2-hour flight can cover 90% of the country's economy, reshape the air cargo market structure of our civil aviation and become the core hub of the HCN. The HSBN will be built together with the HSBC fleet and some of the contracted resources of the civil aviation absconds, further increasing the scope of the HSBC and making it possible.
To achieve an advantage in the competition for services by upgrading and promoting prescription products on a large scale.
In order to speed up the transition, expand the express market, expand the market for the three-time low-sinked electricity suppliers, and successfully enter the mid-to-high-end power suppliers in 2019 with a special concession from the warehouse-filling model. In 2013, the smooth-spill supplier was privileged to enter the low-to-medium electricity-to-low-end market at an average cost of $15.
In 2014, the net profit from maternity fell considerably and ceased operating in 2015. In 2016, the power vendor preferential service was re-launched, with an average cost of $15 to $21 per unit size, leaving the market again because of a mismatch between production capacity and demand. In 2019, after learning from experience, it was introduced, and for the third time, it entered the electric vendor economy market, relying on a warehouse-filling model.
Rapid access to market share, with a year-on-year increase in the smooth economy’s fast harvest in 2020. At the end of 2020, the problem of productive capacity resurfaced, requiring a heavy use of temporary human and resource resources, while the smooth economy’s fast-trading down the company’s Māori rate led to the first loss in its boom in early 2021.
Two brands aim parallelly at medium- and low-end express delivery markets. Direct network is difficult to meet the fast-growing express delivery needs of power platforms, and the supply of easy-to-reach network capacity is inadequate. In 2020, Fulfilling targets medium- and low-end power suppliers, launching a business-oriented Consistency Economy Express branding network, and separating them from a two-branding strategy for smooth and fast transport.
The network hosts mid-to-high-end markets, which are time-bound by means of easy weather and land networks, while the high-speed network brands are fast-dealing, priced at less than $5, and primarily at the low-to-low-end power provider market. The high-speed network is initially based on a large-combined network, which is collected at the end in order to reduce costs and take full advantage of the high-speed edge production capacity.
Unlike the upgrading of the consolidation of the prescription express, in April 2021, the distribution of the original preferential ration into the electric trademark fast and the preferential package remained unchanged, and the base created a system of express-transmitters at a price and timescale.
It's the express-time rise, and there's a confusion or confusion between the price belts of the HCN and the PET, and we believe that the future PETs are expected to be integrated into the HCN brand and to form a more concise layer of the electricity vendor's express product.
New power vendor layer Original power vendor layer Advantagea, b, c
• Electrician preferential, preferential, preferential, preferential.
High-speed grids, express service, or a new growth point. There's a high level of competition in the upstream market, and the current power platform can be large enough to divide it into treasures, traditional power platforms represented by more than one, a live power company platform represented by loudspeakers and fast hands.
And new and emerging social media platforms, such as micro-mails. The live commercial platform gmv, shivering, fast-hands, and so forth, is fast-tracking and trying to access the market by improving its services. The Voice recently started testing the so-called "So-Zo-Da" service, which combines couriers such as middle-line, round-trip, hymn and so forth with a commitment to deliver the goods to the door except on the initiative of the user and in remote areas to resolve past delivery problems.
The live feeder platform competes differently from the traditional power provider platform by upgrading the service, and the traditional power-only platform chooses to be generous to the carrier in order to provide better online shopping experience. Consumers feel more intuitively about express delivery services, and as the upstream power-marketer platform competes, it is assumed that the service will be upgraded or will become electricity.
The competition of couriers can be seen as a competition for the flow. Most of the major competitors in domestic economy couriers are highly dependent on upstream power suppliers.
In the case of the Kyoto logistics sector, which was formerly separated from the Kyoto transport sector, the main delivery needs of the Kyoto platform are the traffic needs of the Tokyo Express system, which is based on the exploitation of the company ' s power supply platform, the integration of the terminal network by the rookie, the reliance of the polar rabbit on the number of speeds, and the difficulty of obtaining the express demand of other power platforms in the larger context of competition for white thermalization.
The platform limits its ability to absorb the express delivery needs of all power platforms and is expected to gain a seat in the competition for power platforms. Third-party logistics firms provide logistics solutions for emerging power platforms. Because of the scale of the delivery network, only a single amount of express webs can stabilize the entire vehicle to maximize profit, with lower or higher commodity value.
For small power suppliers, self-built express logistics systems are costly and inefficient, and in the long run third-party logistics service providers can better manage costs and improve efficiency. Emerging power suppliers often work with different courier companies, rather than building their own delivery networks.
Tob ends with local catering, combing and near-field power suppliers, etc.
Toc end-to-end services such as running errands, distribution, etc., have now developed a distribution system covering the panorama of restaurants, super-businesses, freshness, clothing, medicine, 3c digitals, office emergencys, etc., serving more than 300,000 businesses and 100 million individual users, with the number of partner brands growing by more than 300% over the same period in 2020. According to Irey's consultation, Song Fong has become the country's largest third party immediately.
In recent years, the instant distribution market has grown faster, but at a slower pace, and between 2016 and 2020, the number of instantaneous orders in China rose from 4.6 billion to about 21 billion.
The local catering and catering market has grown into maturity after many years, and by 2019 it accounted for more than 80% of the immediate orders and was the main engine for increasing the volume of orders in the immediate distribution sector. However, catering and distribution orders are concentrated at the peak of the meal season, resulting in a significant amount of riding time during non-dinner hours.
It is expected that emerging markets, such as retail, near-field power suppliers and entry services, will take full advantage of their leisure time, optimize their distribution and become a new growth engine for the distribution market.
Resources are expanding rapidly, drawing on easy branding and technological advantages to attract third-party logistics needs and riders, expanding the smooth last kilometre network, and helping to improve the system of proximate expansion of smooth “direct camp transit guarantee, distribution of control costs.” The city’s extensive business landscape can also attract more orders, thus expanding into it.
Businesses. Revenue from the main business activity in the city of Hsing Fong in 2020 amounted to $4,842 million, with a three-year composite growth rate of 120,79 per cent. As of May 2021, Hseng Hsien Hsoon had generated 38,56 per cent of the total revenue from the provision of co-location services and last kilometre distribution services to the Hsing Consort Group.
Local consumer markets are vast, and the epidemic is expected to pick up again. According to Irey’s consulting estimates, China’s local consumer market is expected to reach 36.5 trillion yuan in 2025, with a combined growth rate of 9% in the next five years. In the broader context of rising consumption, consumers will increasingly focus on shopping experiences.
The city is better able to absorb b-end customers with larger private-area flows, thanks to the ability of its good brands. The higher branding makes the city easier to meet the demand for distribution of high-end brands such as McDonald’s, my mother’s brother, tea, and rainbows.
Tob's client structure suggests that the company's clients tend to have a better brand image and a higher value for distribution goods, thus giving much more weight to their experiences than to the cost of express delivery. The epidemic drives up demand for takeout, and the Sword of the City is used to point to the high-end catering market.
Local life has also had an impact on the demand for take-off. Thirty-four per cent of the earnings of the Chinese-backed and Chinese-backed Chinese-backed winner, 34 per cent, came from the take-out business, up by nearly six percentage points from the same year. After the outbreak of the new crown, the number of users in the same city grew rapidly, reaching 167,000 active households in the same city in 2020, an increase of 197.68 per cent from the previous year.
The number of active consumers amounted to 51,387 people, an increase of 251.05% over the same period. Despite the temporary control of the epidemic at the internal dispersion sites between January and May 2021, which led to a small fall in the number of consumers who distributed active businesses with the same city as the total number of active users in 2020, the increase was 134.87% and 185.59% respectively.
Figure 39: Revenue from sales abroad as a percentage of revenue (%): The number of co-directed and active traders and consumers (thousands) has strategic value in complementing the terminal network.
By the same token, top-down access to the preferential market for power suppliers is bound to solve cost-control problems. Transported at a smooth pace is centred on the main-line transport network, which is a fully self-sustaining model, with higher costs, higher cost for couriers, higher cost, and high cost for terminal self-employment networks, which will entail higher human costs and fixed investment.
The continuing decline in the cash ticket express income has also led to a significant drop in the express delivery of the brother-in-law fee, which has affected the stability of the lower-level workforce. Second, it is well known for its safe, fast and high-quality brand image, and too much of the economy is going to have to deliver goods to the door with a significant increase in the delivery workload, which affects the quality of services and is likely to result in insufficient productivity, requiring temporary external personnel and vehicles.
It operates in a light asset mode, with riders divided into full-time and part-time riders, full-time jockeys responsible for tea, McDonalds, etc., and part-time jockeys for third-party service providers such as outsourcing companies.
When regional capacity utilization reaches its limits, it effectively shares distribution needs and avoids costly temporary costs. An integrated, intelligent dispatch system and order distribution system can supplement the energy resources of a smooth land network with services of the last kilometre, thus reducing the pressure on companies to build their own large intra-city distribution networks.
The provision of the last kilometer of door-to-door and delivery services for the HSBC is an important element of the consolidation of the HSBC network, so as to reduce the cost pressure. According to Irene's consultations, since the HSBC began its business with the city as of March 31, 2021, the number of orders has grown from 210 million in 2019 to 760 million in 2020, compound year.
$188 million is a drag on the performance of the parent company. Although the rate of loss on the smooth market with the city continued to narrow, the rate fell to about 0.9 per cent between January and May 2021, the expansion of the new city was less profitable before the scale effect and the cost of manpower rose rapidly.
Pressure to speed up the grid, speed up the construction of the last kilometre of co-operation with the city and integrate into the co-opportunity network, improve the experience of co-opt customers, and thus enhance client stickyness. Figure 41: Co-opt losses (thousands of dollars) and gross loss rate (%)
4. Multi-channel configuration of integrated third-party logistics poles 4.1 works to build a third-party integrated logistics service provider
The fast-moving market is huge. China is the world’s largest logistics market, with a trillion-dollar logistics base, but it is dominated by small and medium-sized logistics enterprises, with nearly 80% of the cards as a home-grown model for couples. In 2020, the cost of full-caring, zero-loading, combing, express-mail transportation accounted for 53%, 20%, 16%, 11% of China’s total road transport costs, with the road at its core being full-caring and zero-loading fast.
The total cost of the transport market logistics is about $4.1 trillion. After the outbreak of the new coronary disease, many of the stoppages imposed by the disease led to a slight decline in total social logistics, but the new coronary outbreak is under control and is expected to recover.
Upstream businesses, such as businesses, tend to have large and stable cargo requirements when they transport to downstream enterprises such as processing and manufacturing firms and distributors, but when they return from their own trucks, they often have to return empty. Businesses have difficulty in building their own fleets to ensure the stability of the demand for the convoys, which can easily lead to a serious waste of transport resources. In order to address the empty load of trucks and increase revenue, third,
By the end of 2020, 84.52% of our heavy-cargo vehicles were in individual carriers, a decrease of 6.84 percentage points from 2017; the share of businesses with 10 road-cargo vehicles was about 24.2% and 9.4 percentage points from 2017.
Registered cargo trucks operate on motorcades or logistics companies, from which they obtain piecemeal orders to increase delivery rates. According to the Boston consultancy, China’s cargo operator structure is sculpted, with small and medium-sized cargo operators with 10 to 800 cargo vehicles managing more than 50% of the total vehicle holdings, whereas it is entirely individual drivers.
As industry and consumption rises, small volumes, multiple batches, fragmented orders increase significantly, and technological innovations lead to online sales and cross-border power suppliers, covering the logistics network.
The traditional business model of couples is difficult to obtain enough zero loads to fill in, and the fast-tracking industry is still in the stages of scale and initial integration, with a low concentration of industries, with about 70 megacargo operators with over 3000 medium- and heavy-card holdings, and a total of about 5% of the total number of vehicles managed.
Model advantages and digital resource allocation systems, large data projections of demand. The share of enterprise-registered heavy-cargo vehicles has gradually increased, reaching 15.48% in 2020 and 6.84 percentage points higher than in 2017. In the long run, it is a necessary trend for mega-third-party logistics companies.
Given the high standardisation of road logistics, the inability to provide different services, lower costs and increase efficiency are key to improving the profitability and core competitiveness of road logistics enterprises. In recent years, the intelligence, automation, visualization of logistics enterprises has reduced the time and intensity of logistics operations.
In 2010 - 2020, the share of the country’s total cost of logistics and gdp declined from 17.8% to 14.7%, a decrease of 3.1 percentage points, but it is still at a higher level than that of Europe and Europe, which is between 6 and 8%, and there is still much room for improving the overall operational efficiency of China’s logistics industry.
The network provides high-end products and end-of-end personalization extension services, and the network works through alignment with each other.
The model builds an enhanced medium-end business service network that provides clients with service for products of stable timeliness and high value for money. Camps, federated network resources work together to provide point-to-point, more cost-effective services for supply chain service demand, and to gradually extend consumer-to-house and enterprise-to-end service packages and in-house services to form end-of-end differential service systems.
In the top 30 income rankings of China’s zero-weight companies published by the ITFU, the smooth economy is ranked first, making it a zero-weight industry’s first annual revenue of $20 billion. Drawing on the experience of the international supply chain giants, building an integrated supply chain.
The summer conglomerates operate in China, operating together in a conglomerate, a new summer with a wealth of supply chain management experience. With the full product matrix and integrated logistics service capabilities developed in diverse areas of operations such as express, express, cold, warehousing, conglomerate, international, etc., there are a lot of supply chain management experience and advances in Todhl and the new summer season.
Word technology introduces integrated supply chain services that provide firms with supply chain solutions from raw materials procurement, warehousing, production to transport. 4.2 Cold chain sizes lead the country.
Cold chain logistics is a professional logistics process that uses technological processes such as temperature control, fresh storage and equipment such as cold storage, cold storage vehicles, refrigerators, etc. to ensure that the chain products remain in the prescribed temperature environment throughout the process of initial processing, storage, transport, circulation processing, marketing, distribution, etc. In recent years, meat, fruit, vegetables, water products, dairy products, fast-free foods, and epidemics have occurred in the country.
The rapid growth in demand for cold-chain products, such as seedlings, biological agents, and pharmaceuticals, boosted the rapid development of cold-chain demand for cold-chain logistics.
With more than 40 years of experience in global cold chain logistics, which mainly provides McDonald’s with cold chain logistics services, and is a global leader in cold chain technology in many international sporting events. With the world’s leading cold chain technology and multi-temperature food distribution technology, the Convergence Summer Group is expected to solve the country’s cold chain technological backwardness and make up for what it lacks.
The cold-chain + network model covers the whole country, with the cold-chain size leading the country.
There are 35 food cold banks (excluding the new summer banks), totalling 201,000 square metres, covering five temperature zones for individualized options; 159 food mains, more than 23,000 removable trucks serving 193 cities, leading the 100-strong cold-chain companies issued by the UCPC for three consecutive years.
Over 170,000 square metres, with 292 refrigerators on its own. The network has 50 main lines of medical transport, covering 240 local municipalities, and is already in the forefront of the third-party medicine logistics industry.
In November 2021, the State Council launched the 14th Five-Year Cold Chain Logistics Development Plan, which states that, by 2025, there will be an initial bridging of land for sale, coverage of urban and rural areas, and connectivity.
National and international cold-chain logistics network, with some 100 or so national backbone cold-chain logistics bases: development of production and distribution cold-chain hubs; focus on “first kilometre” and “last kilometre” of the city; completion of two-end cold-chain logistics facilities; short panels, with basically national backbone cold-chain logistics bases, production and distribution cold-chain assembly centres and two-end cold-chain logistics
The cold-chain market is growing. With rising consumption, our people demand higher quality and diversification of fresh food, and with the upgrading of modern agriculture, the food industry and the pharmaceutical industry, demand for cold-chain logistics is growing.
In 2020, the cold-chain logistics market grew to reach more than $380 billion, with a cold-store bank of nearly 180 million cubic metres, with approximately 287,000 refrigerators, 2.4 times the end of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, 2 times the amount and 2.6 times the amount of raw-food suppliers pulling up the demand for cold-chains. We are a major producer and consumer of fresh produce, and demand for fresh consumption follows.
In 2019, China’s network of raw electricity suppliers retailed about 25,5.4 billion yuan, about nine times the size of a fresh electricity provider in 2014. Fresh electricity producers became a new growth point for cold-chain logistics demand, leading to the emergence of new and emerging cold-chain logistics firms.
The logistics sector, such as the two-sink logistics under the flag of the two-sink group, and the bright-show logistics under the flag of the bright dairy industry, mainly serve the needs of traditional food firms for point-to-point transport. In contrast, emerging cold-chain logistics firms, such as the Tokyo logistics and smooth-speed transport, have served more in terms of demand at the end, and have grown faster in recent years. According to China Cold Chain 2020, published by the China-China Cold Chain Committee,
According to the 100% list of logistics companies, the top five of the cold-chain logistics firms are in sixth and seventh places, namely, smooth and smooth transport, Kyoto logistics, Eung Qing logistics, New Summer and Jung Ming logistics, respectively. We have much more room for improving the use of cold-chain applications for fresh products than developed countries.
Organized, mechanized, mostly family farms, large-scale cropping and harvesting through machinery, and relying on agricultural cooperatives to achieve an integrated supply chain of production and marketing. American rural cooperatives provide warehousing and transport services to local rural areas, relying on harmonized production and sales data for years to negotiate with shops, restaurants, exporters, etc. to reduce production.
By contrast, the country’s agricultural production is highly dispersed, its production is less organized, it is mostly self-growing, it is difficult to concentrate production, transport, and it is impossible to form a scale effect that reduces the cost of transportation of the cold chain. In 2020, the country’s share of transport of meat, vegetables, and aqueous cold chains was divided.
It is 57%, 35%, 69%, well below the average for developed countries. Lower cold-chain applications result in 15% for meat, 8% for vegetables, 10% for water and 10% for water, and there is still much room for improvement in the average for more developed countries.
Eighty-five per cent will further raise the demand for cold-chain logistics. 4.3 Acquisition of Garry logistics, exploration of cross-border markets, acquisition of Garry logistics, exploration of cross-border markets.
International operations cover 78 countries and regions overseas. Depending on the availability of international air finance, the ability to guarantee its own clearance, overseas localization of service teams and the multiplicity of logistics networks and cross-border power vendor head platforms.
In September 2021, the acquisition of 51.8 per cent of the Garret logistics stock listed in Hong Kong was completed to supplement the company's resources and capabilities in international freight forwarding, customs clearance, and to further improve the company's integration with the extensive network of international freight forwarders of companies with their own international cargo resources.
China has long adhered to a dynamic zero immunization policy, helping its home-grown manufacturing industry to take the lead in recovery, leading to a rapid increase in the size of its imports and exports. China’s exports and imports totalled 39.1 trillion yuan in 2021, compared to the previous year.
21.4% higher, with a total export value of approximately 21.73 trillion yuan, or 21.2% higher than in the previous year, the upgrading of consumption has led people to pursue more personalized and diversified commodities and to promote the development of cross-border power suppliers. The new cross-border power provider, led by Shein, has moved into the global fast-fashion consumer market at a lower cost, with Shein ' s 2020 gmv of 65 billion yuan, in the 2021 Valley.
The song published " Brandz China ' s Global 50 " , 2021, ranked 11th in the list. Fast-fashion consumers led to an increase in the scale of apparel exports from electricity suppliers, which in 2021 amounted to US$ 159.27 trillion, an increase of 14.5%, reversing a long-term negative growth trend since 2016.
The internationalization of brands has been accompanied by increased international tensions in recent years, which have prompted the state to focus on supply chain security. Building autonomous and manageable international logistics couriers and supply chain infrastructure has become the key to helping China’s industrial chain to globalize.
Guidance on support for private courier enterprise development, which guides private couriers to “go out”, accelerates the improvement of the international layout of their services, enhances the capacity of cross-border services and fosters a pool of internationally competitive couriers; and the National Integrated StereoNet Planning Framework of February 2021 states that international domestic connectivity is to be achieved by 2035
“Global 123 Fast Cargo Loops”, i.e. one day in the country, two days in the neighbouring countries, and three days in major cities around the world, maintain a “precautionaryly recommended” investment rating.
The company’s growth in preferential power suppliers’ services, which are fast delivery, is slowing, with some impact, but the firm’s strong branding has a greater advantage in differentiated competition, with the power vendor’s preferences taking a larger share of the market at the mid-to-high end. The company’s statute of limitations base is solid, exploring the economic market from top to bottom, while there are multiple developments.
Upon becoming operational, Orzhou airport will complete the final puzzle of the FDR network, further improve the timeliness of products, enhance the competitive advantage of the time frame and reduce transport costs, so as to feed the network with the advantage of the fast network, and eventually build a multi-layered delivery product structure.
Three networks, relying on large data to further control costs and improve efficiency; and cargo fleets and airports to reduce freight forwarding costs, and to secure timelines to protect the city's rivers. The company's diversification of logistics in the form of fast transportation, cold chains, cross-border logistics, depends on acquisition of integrated and certified logistics technologies to provide integrated supply chain services and to transform third-party integrated logistics service providers.
In between, the company’s new business layout is completed when the airport is operational, and growth in performance is expected to start again with a scale effect. Long-term logic is too strong, performance is about to come, and the time is approaching for the layout, and it is expected that the increased competition in the respective markets in 2021/2022 will lead to a decline in corporate profitability, a failure to run the airport on schedule, and a decline in macroeconomic performance.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and I am available independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.