“Producer power” continues to rise, the global layout accelerates, the wheel tyres (601058.sh) companies: domestic tires out of the sea, the global layout releases more than 20 people from the growing energy industry.
Ren Wen Poon, with its mission to “get a tyre” as a company, plans to become a global, influential tyre company by the year 2025, with technological autonomy, manufacturing, intelligence, branding and internationalization.
There are seven production bases in Viet Nam and Cambodia. In 2022, the company owned half steel, full steel, non-road birthing capacity of 51.6 million/year, 1,195 million/year, 12.460,000/year; in 2017-2022, the net profit was increased by an average of 32.2 per cent per year, with the company having half steel, full steel and non-road births expected.
Billion-class track “Breaking Reverse”, where a national tyre rushing through a tyre is an important car spare and part of an inspirational cycle and consumption attribute. 1) Cost end, main raw material price drops, tyre cost pressure releases;
Freight costs have fallen significantly below pre-epidemiological levels, prices of domestic products have increased competitively, and tyres have been exported favourably. (2) At the end of supply, domestic tyre enterprises are trying to reach or reach world-class levels through technological development, equipment processes, production organization management, and competitiveness is expected to catch up to the second echelon; “two-way” sanctions are imposed.
In many cases, there is a significant trend towards the globalization of tyre enterprises. 3) At the end of demand, there is a wide market space for tyres, there is much downward pressure on the economy in Europe and the United States, and domestic production is highly priced, competitive, and actively captures the share of overseas markets.
Universities insist on a multi-dimensional integration of “basic research-technology development-results transformation.” With the advantage of integration, companies apply liquid gold materials to tires, have excellent performance of liquid gold tyres, break the laws of the “demon triangle” and coincide with the trend towards low-carbonization, which is currently in the process of extension and hopefully lead the company's products.
In addition, the demand for non-road tyre markets is strong, and companies have been plowing non-road tyres for years, and have managed to capture the technology of large-scale infertile production, which is expected to continue to benefit from energy release and increased profitability of products. The company created the “Acorn Clouds” platform, which is the first truly operational rubber industry Internet in the world, driven by data.
“Producer power” continues to be upgraded and is a growth attribute, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
[Galaxy] Company evaluates the high performance ratio of round tyres _q2 and the significant increase in the risk of new projects not producing as much as expected. 9, 12, 150,000 non-road tires were sold domestically in 2025, while 31, 42, 540,000 were sold overseas.
The tyre industry “reverses” and the company’s “product power” continues to upgrade and be both growth-oriented. (In industry: 1) At the end of the scale, the price of the main raw materials has fallen, tyre cost pressures have been released; shipping costs have fallen significantly, below pre-epidemiological levels, the price of domestic products has increased competitively, and the export of tyres has been facilitated.) At the end of the supply, domestic tyre enterprises are developing through technology,
The equipment process, the management of production organizations, etc., are trying to reach or reach world-class standards, and competitiveness is expected to catch up to the second echelon; “double counter” sanctions are frequent, and there is a significant trend in the global layout of tyre enterprises. 3) At the end of demand, the tyre market is wide-ranging, the tyres produced in the country are highly viable, the economies of Europe and the United States are under pressure, the prices of tyres produced in the country are high, the competitiveness is high, and the share of the overseas market is actively seized.
Corporate level: 1) Integration of company production and research, “product power” continuously upgraded; 2) gradual release of production capacity of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
The risks of increased friction in international trade, less than expected downstream demand, a sharp increase in the price of raw materials, new construction projects, less than expected production, and so on. First, companies: domestic tires out of the sea, global layout is growing faster.
(i) Over twenty loads of the deep-farming industry, focusing on the “doing one tyre” industry, over twenty loads of the deep-farming industry, and on the “doing one tyre”. Founded in 2002, the company was the first to set up a tyre factory overseas and was the first Chinese tyre company to produce tyres in two overseas countries in bulk, with a business mission of “doing one tyre” as a project;
By 2025, technology autonomy, manufacturing intelligence, brand internationalization, and global impact on tyres were achieved. In 2003, the company's first tyre was delineated. In 2006, the first full steel engineering tire was successfully tested. In 2009, the company's first full steel meridian giant was successfully developed. In 2011, the company entered the Shanghai Stock Exchange main board market. In 2012, the company acquired Shandong.
In 2013, the entire production line of the South Company (phase I) was fully operational, and the first tire of the first overseas factory was successfully offline. In 2015, the Viet Nam Company (phase II) was operational. In 2019, the company, a joint venture with the firm, officially started production in Viet Nam.
In 2021, the company invested in the construction of the mill project, the Cambodian factory half steel project, and the Viet Nam III project. In 2022, the company proposed to invest in the construction of the Qingdao Qingdao Qingjia Quantue project.
In January, the company made technical changes to the Qingjia factory non-road tyre project, which will complete the production of all 49 inches and above of giant non-road tyres: in October, the company announced an investment in the construction of 6 million steel meridian tyres in Cambodia.
Large production bases, all of which have been scaled up, effectively spread the risks associated with trade barriers, among others. (1) At the domestic level, companies have set up modern tyre production bases in Qingdao, Tungbang, Shenyang and Kwan, as well as planning for the construction of new production bases for Qingdao family tyre factories and functional materials; products cover semi-steel, full steel, non-road and new functional materials.
By the end of 2022, the company’s domestic tyre production base had a capacity of 35.6 million steel, full steel, non-road tires, and 6,460,000 tons/year respectively. The domestic tyre production base had a capacity of 57 million steel, full steel, 18.5 million non-road tires, and 280,000 tons/year.
In Viet Nam and Cambodia, companies have established modern tyre production bases, which cover half steel, full steel, 10,000/year, 4.25 million/year, 60,000/year.
31 million units per year, 6.9 million units per year, 100,000 tons per year. At present, the company has 9 million pieces of steel per year and six million pieces of steel per year and is about to be built. As the company continues to release the capacity of its factories in Cambodia and Viet Nam (phase 3), the company continues to produce (ii) tyres from its overseas tyre factories and is performing well.
Tyre sales continue to be released, with a significant increase in post-epidemic performance. Corporate sales have continued in recent years, reaching a record high of 43.9 million tyres in 2022 with the release of the company’s plant capacity in Cambodia; corporate sales grew at an average annual compound rate of 4.6 per cent between 2017 and 2022; industry is facing a global epidemic that continues to lead to labour shortages, economic downturns, rising shipping costs, partial market demand and expectations.
The company ' s performance was reversed by a number of adverse factors; in 2022, the profits were almost equal. The first three quarters of 2023, driven by the domestic tyre market ' s warming up, better demand for tyre exports, a fall in shipping costs, and an overall drop in the price of raw materials, the firm ' s performance was significantly repaired, resulting in a net return of 2.03 billion yuan, an increase of 90.1 per cent compared with the 90.1 per cent increase.
Figure 2: Company half steel, full steel sales (millions) and same-year increase in the volume of non-road sales (millions) and same-year increase in the value of company sales
Figure 5: The net profits of the company (millions of dollars) and the same rate of increase in external sales remain high, and the Māori rate of sales is gradually higher than the industry average.
Since 2019, the Māori ratio of companies has been consistently higher than the industry average of 2.5 percentage points. In recent years, the ratio of corporate sales has remained at over 74 per cent and is high in the industry, and the comparative advantage of the Māori ratio of companies is expected to continue, given that the interest rate of foreign sales is usually higher than the Māori rate of domestic sales.
Figure 9: Māori sales rate and net interest rate on sales of companies (iii) Employee holding scheme, with sound long-term incentives The company actually controls Chairman Yuan Junyuki. As of 8 September 2023, Chairman Yuan was directly holding 7.03% of the company.
The company owned 13.26% of the company ' s shares, the company ' s 2.48% of the company ' s shares of the Qingming Investment Centre (Little Partnership) in which Ying was the executive partner, the company ' s 0.07% of the company ' s shares of the son of Qing Shui, and the company ' s 0.13% of the company ' s shares of Yang Dehua.
, Yang Dehua, a co-operator of Yuen Junyuki, has a combined control of 22.97% of the company’s total equity and is a shareholder and actual controller of the company. For many years, the company actually controls the area of deep-dry tyres and rubber, serving as Director of the National Research Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering, Deputy Director of the National Engineering Research Centre for the Advanced Equipment and Critical Materials of Tyres, and Senior Deputy Director of the Chinese Rubber Industry Association.
In July 2023, the company announced its 2023 employee shareholding plan.
With regard to the indicators for the performance appraisal of companies, the company focuses on the “net profit growth rate” indicator, with a net profit of 2022 for each of the three fiscal years 2023-2025.
Through this employee program, the company will develop incentives to attract and retain talented people, fully motivate directors, senior managers, middle managers, and core staff, and improve efficiency and promote the company’s development. Two trillion class races, “Backwards” and a breakthrough in the state-produced tires.
(i) Tyres: important car spare parts, with cycles and consumption properties 1. Tyres are diverse and satisfy multiple scenarios. Tyres are round-rolled circular elastic rubber products assembled on various vehicles or machines, usually installed on metal wheels.
In general, tyres can be classified according to the structure of the tyre, the supporting vehicle, the wheel size, the curtains, the air pressure in the tire, and the speed of the journey.
and midday tires. In this case, the slashing line of the slashing tires crosses, with a high degree of intensity of the front and side of the tires, mostly for agricultural and engineering machines. The swivel of the meridian tires is entangled and, depending on the material, can be further divided into full steel meridian tyres, semi-steel meridian tyres, and full fibre meridian tyres. In this case, all wires of the meridian tires and beams are wired, generally for heavy loads.
On vehicles with engineering machinery; on semi-steel meridian tires with artificial wires or other fibres, and on beams with wires, usually in cars or light trucks; on all fibres meridian tires and beams with artificial wires or other fibre curtains with beams; and on low-extreme long curtains, usually on low-speed cars or tractors.
Figure 11: Structure of slashed tyres Figure 12: Structure of meridian tyres 2. Cost fluctuates over time and demand is rigid
The raw materials produced by tyres include natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtain wires, rubber aids, etc. The main material consists of natural rubber and synthetic rubber; the carbon black is a combination of supplementary filling; bone and tire materials; ring wire consists mainly of wires and fibre sheets, which provide sufficient strength for the internal and external fetuses.
Mainly, the main raw materials produced are butadiene and styrene, both of which are downstream oil products, and the price of synthetic rubber is closely related to crude oil prices. The price of natural rubber is also affected by crude oil because of the partial substitution of natural rubber with synthetic rubber. The price of carbon black is affected by high-temperature coal tar. Large commodity prices such as crude oil, kerosene, etc. are subject to periodic fluctuations.
The cost of tyres fluctuates from 65% to more than 65%. Tyre consumption is somewhat rigid. Tyres are a consumer product that has to be used. The demand for them includes passenger vehicles, heavy vehicles, engineering mechanics, agro-forestry mechanics, industrial vehicles, aircraft, special vehicles, etc., which are mostly vehicles.
Demand, replacement demand, where more than 70% of the demand is created by vehicle holdings. In the context of the continued growth of vehicle holdings, replacement demand will support tyre consumption rigidity. (ii) Cost end: raw materials fall at higher historical points and shipping costs are already below pre-epidemiological levels.
The proportion of raw materials used for semi-styrene and total steel is quite different. The proportion of raw materials used for semi-steed tyres is about 28%, the proportion of synthetic rubber is about 25%, the proportion of natural rubber is about 20%, the proportion of bone materials is about 17%, and the proportion of other accessories is about 10%. The proportion of natural rubber used for whole steel wheels is about 38%, the proportion of skeleton materials is about 24%, the proportion of carbon black is about 23%, the proportion of other accessories is about 10%, and the proportion of synthetics is about 10%.
Rubber accounts for about 5%. Overall, half steel tyres have the highest proportion of carbon in black use, and all steel tyres have the highest proportion of natural rubber in natural terms.
Synthetic rubber, natural rubber, carbon black prices tend to fall. 1) Synthetic rubber, also known as synthetic elastomers, is a synthetic high-elastic polymer. Distributed by synthetic raw materials, this can be divided into butene rubber, swidden rubber, amphibolium rubber, butnium rubber, etc. The production of 1 ton benzene rubber, for example, consumes about 0.25 tons of styrene and 0.75 tons of butadiene. In the third quarter of 2023, it was deepened by opc+.
The effects of such factors as reduced production and a strong oil-consumption season have led to higher prices for synthetic rubber as international oil prices have risen, and since the fourth quarter, there has been a strong alternative relationship between synthetic rubber and the downstream application of natural rubber, as crude oil consumption has gradually moved into a low season, with the expected economic growth in the future of Europe and the United States expected to take hold in a combination of high interest rates, and the international oil price focus has begun to fall and synthetic rubber prices have fallen.
The maximum replacement ratio of synthetic rubber to natural rubber in large tyre plants is 5% of the total mass of tyres, while some small and medium-sized tyre plants and tube belt plants will be more visible, with transport belt replacement rates of up to 20%. When the price gap between natural rubber and synthetic rubber is too wide, the substitution effect will be reflected. Thus, the price of natural rubber is influenced by synthetic rubber prices, which are accepted.
As oil prices fall, natural rubber prices are under downward pressure. 3) The main raw material for rubber blacking is high temperature kerosene. Changes in the price of high temperature kerosene tar, which accounts for about 80% of the total cost of charcoal, have to some extent influenced changes in the price of carbon black. In recent times, the poor delivery of coal asphalt from high-temperature tar-processing main products has led to a drop in the load of businesses starting work.
Against a weak background, high-temperature coal tar prices began to fall and the carbon black prices followed their low focus. Figure 18: The carbon black industry chain. Cost pressures on tyre raw materials were gradually released. January-October 2023, natural rubber, butylene rubber, septum rubber, carbon black averages.
Not 10897, 11832, 11396, 10223 yuan/tons, a decline of 9.3 per cent, 2.8 per cent, 16.2 per cent, 4.4 per cent, respectively, in comparison to the same year, because of the phased differentiation in the price of raw materials by the owners of tyres, and in order to reflect the changes in the combined cost of raw materials of tyres, we build a price index for raw materials of tyres based on the prices of natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtain lines, rubber aids, etc. As of 8 November 2023, the index was based on the prices of such products as raw rubber, synthetic rubber, steel lines, rubber assistants, etc.
For 13148, at the historical grade level of 74 per cent since March 2017, there has been a marked decline in the level of the historical fraction of 95 per cent since late September, and the cost of tyre raw materials has been reduced at a very marginal level. In addition, we have prepared to adjust the cost of raw materials for single tires in some parts of the country, and the data show that, with the fall in the price of the main raw materials, the cost pressure of tyre enterprises has been released gradually.
In 2021, the offshore demand for tyres began to recover, but was affected by the new crown epidemic, port congestion, shortage of crews, inadequate supply of containers, a sharp increase in the price of shipping costs due to an imbalance in supply and demand, an upturn in raw materials, and a fall in profits for the industry. Since March 2022, the port labour supply has gradually returned, as countries abroad eased control of the epidemic.
Increased operational efficiency, reduced congestion, and global shipping prices began to fall from high levels. As of the week of 28 October 2023, shipping costs from Thailand to Europe, Thailand to US$ 900/feu (40-foot container), US$ 1,800/feu and US$ 2200/feu had fallen by 47.1 per cent, 18.2 per cent and 35.3 per cent, respectively, from high levels to US$ 900/feu (40-foot container), from early 2019.
Pre-epidemiological levels. We believe that the sharp fall in shipping costs has led to a drop in single-born freight costs, making Chinese brand tyres more competitive in overseas markets, and an increase in export of favourable tyres. Figure 24: China ' s container transport price index for exports
Figure 25: Thai container prices (US$/feu) (iii) Supply end: national tyre accumulation breakthroughs, global layouts leading to growth 1. National tyre accumulation breakthroughs, expanding scope upwards
The global tyre market is highly competitive and can be divided into four rows. Among them, the first echelons consist of Michelin, Pristom and solidity, and their products are concentrated mainly in high-end vehicles, light trucks, midday markets; the second echelons include continental tyres, multipliers, friend rubber, HANtai tyres, East Ocean tyres, and so on, and so on.
At the mid-to-high end, in the mid-to-high end, in the light-card mid-trip market; the third echelon, which includes medium-tube rubber, trit tyres, Linglong tires, race tires, sorghum and double-money groups, among the top 75 companies in the global tyre industry, is the main representative of domestic tyre manufacturers; the fourth echelon, which is dominated by small and medium-sized private tyre enterprises, is mainly located in low-end markets.
Features, medium-sized tyre producers, remaining tyre producers account for 14.6%, 13.6%, 8.2%, 25.0%, 38.6% of the global tyre market, with the first echelon accounting for 36.4% of the world ' s share. Domestic tyre enterprises are gradually trying to reach or reach the world ' s most advanced levels through technological development, equipment processes, production organization management, etc. No market competitiveness is expected to catch up with the second echelon.
Policy leads to clean production, domestic production concentration tends to increase, and the tyre production lags out. In green, energy-efficient, environmental policies such as carbon-neutrality at “carbon peaks”
Guided by policies such as structural changes in the country’s supply side, a number of obsolete tyre production has been phased out, together with environmental monitoring, which has forced many tyre enterprises to accelerate the pace of transformation and upgrading. The province of Shandong is the country’s province of tyre production, which accounts for about 55% of the country’s total capacity, but the tyre industry still suffers from poor production capacity, high homogenization, and low capacity for autonomous innovation.
In April 2021, the leadership group for the construction of the new, old and dynamic energy conversion complex in Shandong province issued a circular on the province-wide implementation of the “Three affirmative action programmes” (2021-2022), which states that, by 2022, less than 1.2 million steel mid-treats (engineering tyres, airborne tyres, wide-faced impertinents) will be produced annually.
With the exception of less than 5 million steel mid-terms (except for air-infested tyres, high-end products for racing tires, and ultra-low-face tyres), the entire enterprise has withdrawn, and the exit capacity can be reduced, with a direct stop-out that has not been completed. Domestic tyre capacity concentration has gradually increased.
According to the carringer data, in 2013 there were 565 tyre factories monitored by the Chinese Nan Institute of Statistics, and in 2022 there were only 180, a decrease of 68.1 per cent compared to 2013, while in 2022 the concentration of production capacity (cr 10) was 46.65 per cent and 47.81 per cent respectively, an increase of 1.44 and 2.32 percentage points, respectively, compared to the low of 2019.
However, as the size of the market increases and competition increases, market concentration in the tyre industry will continue to grow, with firms with the advantages of value for money, R & D power, channels, etc. that are expected to emerge.
Figure 28: China's semi steel, full steel tyre production concentration (cr.10) 3. The “double counter” sanctions, the “double counter” sanctions on Chinese tyre layouts abroad, and the distribution of Chinese tyre businesses abroad. On the one hand, the United States and Europe, among others, have continued to target China in recent years.
Tyre firms carry out anti-dumping, countervailing (hereinafter referred to as “double reverse”) investigations involving trade protection, and domestic tyres face a greater impact on exports from the United States and Europe. On the other hand, South-East Asian countries such as Thailand, Viet Nam, Laos, etc. are home to natural rubber, and labour costs are low, and enterprises can lower the cost of raw materials, transportation, labour, etc. by building plants in South-East Asia.
South Asia, among others, had not yet faced overseas “double-reverse” sanctions at an early stage to counter trade barriers and help domestic tyre businesses to expand their operations abroad. In 2020, the United States conducted a “double-reverse” survey in Thailand, Viet Nam, etc., where, according to the final findings of the original 2021 investigation, Thailand currently faces an anti-dumping duty rate of 14.59% to 21.09% to 21.09% on passenger and light truck tyres exported by Viet Nam to the United States.
Cars and light truck tyres face a countervailing tax rate of 6.23% to 7.89%. Some tyre companies are planning to build factories in Serbia, Spain, and Moldova. (iv) Demand end: trillion class track, with a great deal of national production of tyres.
1. Global: The tyre market is wide and demand for replacement dominates the market The tyre market is wide and demand is growing again. The total global sales of tyres in 2022 were $18,682.2 billion, an increase of 5.25 per cent over the same period, with trillion class tracks providing vast development space for tyre enterprises.
1.80 billion to 1.82 billion, with an average compound increase of 2.7 per cent per year, in 2019-2021, the global volume of tyres sold in vehicles was 17.9, 16.0 and 1.75 billion, respectively, with changes of 1.4 per cent, 1.0.8 per cent and 9.3 per cent respectively, with the new crown epidemic and its preventive measures affecting the movement of residents and industrial production, resulting in a significant drop in the sale of tyres in 2020.
In 2022, 1.75 billion tyres were consumed, an increase of 0.1% over the same year. The demand for replacements dominated by the type of consumption. The demand for tyres can be divided into replacement needs and matching needs.
Industry association data show that the ratio of sedans to tyres is 1:5, while the ratio of load trucks to tyres is 1:7 to 1:22; 1.5 tyres are to be replaced per sedan per year, while the replacement factor for load trucks, engineering machinery, etc. is significantly higher than for cars. The demand for tyre replacement in the city is dominant. In 2022, the global demand for tires was 4.3 and 1.32 billion, respectively.
24.5 per cent and 75.5 per cent, respectively. 2) North America, Europe, and China are the top three consumption areas for tyres. In 2022, North America, Western and Central Europe and China accounted for 4.3, 4.2 and 290 million articles of demand for tyres, respectively, representing 24.4 per cent, 23.9 per cent and 16.8 per cent, respectively.
Europe and America, and China, respectively, with their higher vehicle holdings, have become the main global tyre consumption area. Table 8: Vehicle tyre packages and replacement factors.
The United States, as the world’s largest tyre market, has a demand for tyres of almost 300 million a year. In 2019-2022, the volume of tires in the United States fell first and then rose. Among these, the demand for travel fell in 2020, and the US wheels repaired it. In 2022, the volume of tyres in the United States was 332 million, down 0.2 per cent from 2019, close to pre-epidemiological normal levels.
The latest report of the Association of Tyre Manufacturers (ustma) in July shows that US tyre exports are expected to reach 325 million in 2023, a decrease of 2.0% over the same period. Despite slight fluctuations in demand expectations, overall US tyre market consumption remains resilient. Imports fell in 2023, and import structures released positive signals.
In January-July 2023, the United States imports of semi-styren and full steel were related to the base figure, particularly the high pace of pre- and post-efficiency maritime transport in 2022, which affected the pace of delivery and port-to-port movement of goods by dealers; on the other hand, the decline in demand due to high inflation. In terms of import structure, the United States imports of semi-styren from Thailand and Viet Nam imported 22q4 steel.
Foreign brands took over the accompaniment market in North America, and national brands replaced the market. According to the North American Tyre Market Profile 2021, in 2021 (the United States of America and Canada) there were 15 brands with a share of over 1% of the original branding in the US and Canada, all of them.
For foreign brands, a total of 99.7% of the market share consists of solidities (22.6%), Michelin (18.7%), mainland (14.5%), Pristom (13.3%), and Han Tai (7.5%). In the context of foreign brands occupying the North American car-backed market, national brands have made a positive breakthrough in the replacement market. In recent years, national tire brands have gradually increased their share of the United States sedans, light cards, and medium and heavy card replacement markets.
The market for replacements rose from less than 1 per cent in 2013 to 1.5 per cent in 2021 and 1.5 per cent in 2021 respectively; the market for replacements for light cards, from less than 1 per cent in 2013 to 1.5 per cent in 2021; the market for replacement of medium weight cards, Figure 37: Share in original brands for use in the North American region, 2021
Figure 38: Market share of United States car replacement brand, 2013-2021: Market share of United States medium heavy vehicle replacement brand, 2013-2021: Market share of United States light vehicle replacement brand, 2013-2021
Europe: Demand is still under repair, and Chinese brands actively take up market share of the demand for European tyres still have room for repair. In terms of total demand for tyres, the demand for European tyres in 2019-2022 showed a downward trend. According to Michelin statistics, the demand for European tyres in 2022 was about 415 million, compared to 2021.
The total demand for the European tyre market in 2022, which changed by 2.5% in 2019 and 3.1% in 2022, has not yet recovered to pre-epidemiological normal levels, mainly due to the slow recovery of the demand for vehicle-based packages. As the shortage of key components, such as semiconductors, gradually eased, the cost of raw materials stabilized, and the overall supply capacity of automobile manufacturers improved. Dataforce, a market research institute, projected 2023 Euros.
In September 2023, European car sales increased by 11.1% to 1.67 million vehicles, corresponding to 14 months. We believe that, with the return of European car sales, Europe’s demand for vehicle tires is expected to recover upwards.
Figure 43: Total vehicle holdings (millions) in the EU, the UK, etc. and the same rate of increase: Figure 44: Demand for replacement or delayed release of European tyres by car and commercial vehicle production (millions)
In addition to the high base created by the rehabilitation of stocks after the disease in the first half of 2022, the demand for the supply of industrial chains rose, inflation, and worries about the future of the economy, and the demand for replacement in the European tyre market dropped considerably in the first half of 2023.
In the long run, the EU, the UK, and the efta have seen an increase in vehicle holdings in recent years, and the demand for tyre replacement is rigid, and the demand for tyre replacement in Europe is expected to be sustained, allowing for future upscaling. Nationally produced tyres account for the share of the EU market.
78.23.79 million tons, or 3.9 per cent and 12.3 per cent respectively respectively, of the EU import structure, with a rise in the share of the country’s market for branded tyres. The EU banned the import of tyres from Russia in April 2022, as a result of the conflict in the Russian Federation, and the EU imported half-styrene, full steel, 5.4 and 16,000 tons of steel, respectively, from Russia in 2022, a decline of 46.7 per cent and 61.2 per cent, respectively, respectively, from China.
The main imports were from South-East Asia, particularly after the EU imposed anti-dumping sanctions on Chinese car tyres in 2018. In January-August 2023, the EU imported 437,000 tons of semi-steel from China, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the same period, representing 55.8 per cent of total imports; in the same period, the EU imported 7.3, 44,000 tons of steel from Thailand and Viet Nam, an increase of 4.7 per cent and 0.8 per cent, respectively, respectively, of total imports.
Up to 19.2 per cent and 11.7 per cent, respectively, in the context of the European economy, national production of tyres for value and competitiveness has been highlighted and has helped to capture the share of semi-stealt imports (tonnes) and the same rate of increase in EU-27 imports, figure 48: total steel imports (tonnes) and the same rate in EU27.
Figure 50: Changes in the market share of total steel imports in the EU27 4. China: New-energy vehicle demand boosted, stock-led replacement demand continued to stimulate and domestic car sales were expected to remain high. On 31 May 2022, the Ministry of Finance and the General Directorate of Taxes issued a statement.
On 26 September 2022, the Ministry of Finance, the Directorate-General of Taxes and the Ministry of Industry and Informatics jointly issued a bulletin on the renewal of the vehicle acquisition tax exemption policy for new energy vehicles for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023.
Automobiles, exempt from vehicle acquisition taxes; on 19 June 2023, the joint launch of a vehicle acquisition tax on the extension and optimization of the acquisition of vehicles for new energy sources continued, with a reduction in the number of new vehicles for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2027. In January-September 2023, our vehicle production and sales increased by 7.3 per cent and 8.2 per cent respectively, respectively, and we believe that incentives such as the car acquisition tax concession policy will stimulate the sale of automobiles.
Figure 51: Cumulative vehicle production in the country (millions) and in the same year (%): Cumulative vehicle sales in the country (millions) and in the same year (%)
National producers are expected to expand the market space through the new energy track. The domestic tyre-backed market is still dominated by foreign brands, but with the rise of domestic car companies, more autonomous brands choose national tires as their own best-selling type, especially in the new energy sector.
There are significant differences in the performance of new-energy car tyres in terms of safety, land grab, low noise, grinding, energy-saving, green environment, etc. National tyre companies are increasing their research and development efforts to speed up the market for new-energy vehicle tyres. Currently, tyre companies such as Lingyun, Tsangyang, Margis, Samdang, Wheels, Manpower, etc. are working in depth with new-energy-car companies, and it is hoped that the brand of home-grown tyres will use new ones.
In the year, the China Institute of Galaxy Securities replaced the market by tyres with 179, 179 and 155 million items, respectively, representing a change of 6.7%, 0.2% and - respectively - in the same year.
13.6%. The demand for the tyre replacement market is influenced by tyre retention. The country ' s motor vehicle holdings have continued to grow, reaching an all-time high of 430 million by the end of September 2023; of these, 330 million are vehicle holdings. In 2022, our average vehicle holdings were 226 per 1,000 people, and are still low in the more developed countries and are expected to increase in the future. It is expected that our vehicle holdings will continue to grow steadily in the future, and our tyres are expected to grow in the future.
Figure 55: Motor vehicle and motor vehicle holdings in the country (millions of vehicles) Figure 56: Average vehicle holdings per 1,000 population (one vehicle/thousands) III. Production and research integration to build the exclusive “product power” of the wheels
(i) Production studies are integrated, liquid gold is expected to lead the upgrading of products, technological innovation is emphasized, and production is integrated into building high-enterprise technical barriers. Mr. Yuen is not only president of the company but also a professor specializing in technology at the Qingdao University of Science and Technology, and a shareholder in flexible holdings.
On the basis of a multi-dimensional integration of “Basic Research-Technology Development-Cutting for Results” and through deeper integration of production studies and upstream and downstream synergies in the industrial chain, the development and engineering and industrialization of the rubber and tyre industries are being promoted.
The Institute of Diet Rubber has developed and has independent intellectual property rights to produce new green materials, "liquid gold" and supply them to the tires of the wheels.
Liquid gold tyres, made of liquid gold materials, can increase their water resistance and grindability while reducing their rolling resistance, fundamentally solving the problem of the three main characteristics of tyres - rolling resistance, wetland brakes, a "demon triangle" where grinding cannot be improved at the same time, making cars safer, more energy-efficient and comfortable, and increasing the useful life of tyres.
The combination of liquid gold tyres, compared to international brands, is fully successful, with a reduction of 3.2 metres in brake distance and a reduction of 12.9 per cent in energy efficiency. In addition, as tested by the international authority agency, idiada, Spain, the rolling resistance of liquid gold tyres and the land grab performance of wetlands reach the EU dual “a” level. Figure 58: Liquid gold tyres break the laws of the “Devil Triangle”
Liquid gold tyres match low-carbon trends. Liquid gold tyres achieve green, low-carbon and sustainable development throughout their life cycle from raw materials to production, manufacture, product use and recycling, and can effectively reduce fuel consumption and carbon dioxide emissions in cars during driving. On the end of the raw materials, an average of one liquid gold truck and car tire can reduce carbon dioxide, respectively.
Approximately 36 and 8 kg were emitted; an average of 37.2 per cent and 36.1 per cent were used to produce a truck or car tire during the manufacture phase of tyres; an average of 4 per cent and more per cent were used at the end of use for a liquid gold truck and car tire, and 5-10 per cent were used for new energy cars using liquid gold tyres.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, the company first launched a series of liquid gold tires, a bus series; in June 2022, a series of liquid gold tyres was launched in the country and sold simultaneously on the Skycat platform (the shop was called the “Role Wheel” Flagship); and in November 2022, a series of liquid gold and electric car tyres - “erangeev” in the United States.
In February 2023, the company launched a series of four new liquid-fueled, luxury-driving, urban-driving and ultra-high-performance-car tires at the under-the-line store, covering the current market ' s top-end mainstream, and the company is gradually permeating into the middle-high-end tyre market. In terms of products, liquid gold tire products already cover the full product category of steel, semi-steel and special tires.
With excellent product performance, the company has started to supply liquid gold tyres to a lot of whole-car companies like one, Biadi, Gilly, and China Heavy. According to completed multi-car-type tire tests, many of the main performance indicators for liquid gold tyres exceed their original fetus. In addition, in brand promotion, the company has been active in viewing the news, cctv2, Man.
A popular platform such as fruitv promotes the sale of liquid gold tyres. At present, companies have opened up full channels for sales, both online and offline, and can also provide customized personalized tires for users, which are expected to accelerate the spread and penetration of liquid gold tyres.
Figure 60: Four broad series of excellent products for liquid gold tyres: Figure 61: Promotion of liquid gold tyres in the eye-to-eye news; (ii) Deep-deep non-road tyres, techniques to capture giant tire production
The demand for non-road tyres is high, with gagr expected to reach 5.23% between 2022 and 2029. Non-road tyres are called " otr tyres " , mainly in large farms, open and underground mining sites, port terminals, construction or other special areas.
The products of tyres, 49 inches and above are called giants. Maximizemarketresearch (mmr) data show that the global market for otr tyres in 2022 was $6.7 billion, and is expected to grow to $9.58 billion in 2029, with a combined annual average growth rate of 5.23 per cent in 2022-2029.
The company has been working on non-road tyres for many years, branding is widely accepted by its clients. The company has been working on non-road tyres for many years, product specifications are full, excellent, and products such as giant tires and mineral cards are in the forefront of the industry and are being recognized by a growing number of domestic and international customers. The country has worked with the same heavy workers, the Xu Group, the Trio-Tranco Group, the Sea conch Group, the Chinese Shinhua, etc.
The company achieved 313,000 non-road tyre sales in 2022, an increase of 27.5 per cent in the same year, and a combined annual growth rate of 21.1 per cent in 2019-2022.
High technology, high investment, high risk, high returns. The current giant tire market environment is relatively better than that of the commercial tyre market, and single-body profits are significantly higher than those of the passenger and commercial tires. According to the Haiyan rubber billboard, the larger the price of the giant inch, the higher the sale price of the 63 inches of the sea rubber in 2020-2022, is about six times the price of the 49 inch in 2016.
The first 63 inches of non-road tyres are delineated, and the company ' s giant engineering midday product is now state-of-the-art and highly profitable. In January 2023, the company carried out a technical overhaul of the Qingdao plant ' s non-road tyre project, which, when completed, will produce all 49 inches and above-sized large non-road tyres.
Created a new profit growth point for companies, while helping to increase corporate profitability as a whole. (iii) Created a “Aglect Cloud” platform to enable the entire chain of rubber. On 11 June 2020, the company's “Acorn Cloud” platform was officially launched for the first truly operational rubber industry in the world.
The Internet. The Oak Chain Clouds industrial Internet platform, which was developed by a consortium of corporate soft-control interests, the Qingdao University of Science and Technology, China Telecommunications, and the Arida Moor School, provides the rubber industry with smart manufacturing, digital marketing, intelligent supply chains, coordinated target R&D systems, a number of remaining dealers and more than 60,000 door shops, and links the main plant and fleet, creating an “open, symbiotic, win-win” ecosystem.
Manufacture end: Based on the "Acorn Clouds" platform, the company has built up a modular, standardized, platform-based rapid extension reproduction capability, using smart plant construction as an example, and the installation of the device can be reduced from a normal 18-month debugging cycle to three months. In plant management, a system, a data set, a statement, a remote equipment diagnostic transport platform based on a rubber-chain cloud platform can be achieved
2) Channel ends: “Agle Chain Clouds” achieves orders from distributors and all branches of their stores, through strategic collaboration with mainstream software manufacturers in the industry, such as appliancers,cutters, housekeepers, etc., by providing marketing models, supply chain optimization, etc. one-stop service solutions for distributors, both within and outside the country.
Online synergies in logistics, inventories, settlements. 3) Consumer ends: “Acorn Clouds” can provide innovative services for different types of users, providing real-time services for tire temperature, tire pressure, trajectories and commercial transport fleets in the field, and supporting new business models that are mileed and charged for useful life.
The “Acorn Cloud” platform not only supports companies to “design, manufacture and deliver every tyre.” It also helps companies to “manage every business scene” and, more importantly, help companies to “connect the industrial chain up and down” to build user-centred smart production and service management systems that optimize operations and add value to product values through data-driven processes.
Figure 66: “Aglect Clouds” industrial Internet platform IV. Corporate valuation and investment recommendations: non-road tire operations: estimated non-road tire sales in 2023-2025 are 40, 54, 690,000, respectively.
Domestic sales of non-road tires were 9,12,150,000 in 2023-2025; overseas sales were 31, 420,000, 540,000, respectively, to keep abreast of the growth dynamics associated with the release of the productive capacity of projects such as company mills, Dong Kaguchi, Cambodia and Viet Nam (phase III), to maintain the “recommended” rating, to take into account the company's business situation, and we selected the representative companies in the field of tyres, salinium, ling tyres, trit tyres as comparables
As of 8 November, the average value of the comparable company pe for the period 2023-2025 was 20.9, 13.4 and 11.1 times higher, respectively. Given the absolute valuation of the company for the three phases of the tyre line and beyond, the main parameters are set and based on the following table. At weighted average capital costs The risk of increased friction in international trade, lower downstream demand than expected, the risk of a significant increase in the price of raw materials, new construction projects
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Ren Wenpo, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, China Petroleum University (Waodong). He worked as a senior engineer in China's oil industry for eight years. He joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018, mainly in the chemical industry.