The company will be operating in 2020.
Revenue is 40,115 million yuan, an increase of 18.15 per cent for the same year. For the sub-sector, engineering contracts are appreciated: Song Binqin realized business income of 24,114 million yuan, an increase of 20.8 per cent for the same year.
Of this, the sales cost rate was between 0.07 pct and 0.68 per cent lower and the management cost was 0.3 pct lower. In the first quarter of 2020q4, the company achieved business income of $132,142 million, an increase of 19.53 per cent, and a net return of $3,255 million, an increase of 26.9 per cent.
The company has built on new patterns of development and favourable opportunities that are mutually reinforcing in international circles, with a new contract amounting to $978.607 million, a 29.4 per cent increase in 2020.
The value of new contracts for metallurgical engineering was $14,403 million, or 14.65 per cent of new contracts for engineering, compared to 30.37 per cent for greening and intelligent development, and scientific and technological inputs continued to grow.
A total of 13.3 billion yuan was invested in science and technology, accounting for 3.3 per cent of the year's operating income; of that amount, research and development was invested in technological innovations led by green development and smart manufacturing, active in promoting the upgrading of the National Team System for Metallurgical Construction, and full mobilization of scientists
At the same time, companies are actively pursuing the idea of greening, intelligent development of the steel industry, winning the first global example of hydrogen energy development using a demonstration project - a demonstration project for the development and use of river and steel energy.
The company currently has multi-country steel-structured engineering and technology centres, such as the National Centre for the Study of Steel Built Engineering Technology and the Centre for Technology in the Manufacturing and Installation of Medium Smelting Steel Structures.
At the end of the reporting period, there were 13 second-tier companies with steel-structured operations belonging to steel-making bases (excluding those under preparation).
A total of 32 steel-structured bases (excluding on-site production and the Foreign Affairs Committee) with a total capacity of 1.65 million tons, representing mainly industrial plants, super-high-rises, other public buildings, bridges, masts, etc. The company’s steel-structured manufacturing base covers almost all hot spots of the country’s economy, and continues to build the core of the company’s “medium-metallurgy” brand.
Resource development is aimed at “sound management, high quality, cost reduction, risk management, return.” Resource development operations by companies are focused on mining, mineral extraction, smelting, and smelting of metal resources such as nickel, cobalt, copper, zinc, lead. During the reporting period, the company developed and operated mineral resource projects as follows:
Papua New Guinea Cobalt and Cobalt and Cobalt and Cobalt and Cobalt Project, which achieved an average annual output rate of 103.2 per cent, was ranked first in the world ' s wet-metallurgical smelting of red-earth nickel and achieved four consecutive years of excess production since 2016. During the reporting period, the project accumulated 33.659 tons of nickel and 2,941 tons of cobalt-rich hydroxide in the world.
With the continued expansion of the demand for high nickel power cells in the downstream new energy car industry, nickel prices are expected to continue to operate at high levels, and the project is expected to be successful in the future on the basis of attaining the target of full production and sales.
During the reporting period of the Douda Lead and Zinc Mining Project in Pakistan, the project achieved 503,000 tons of mining and the target of 500,000 tons of mineral production per year for two consecutive years.
The cumulative production of zinc concentrates was 35,054 tons of zinc and 7,094 tons of lead in lead concentrate throughout the year, with a profit of more than $1 billion over the year.Pandak copper gold mining project was designed to produce 12,800 tons of ore processed daily, with an average annual smelting capacity of 20,000 tons and a product of rough copper.
Following the outbreak, in early June 2020, the project successfully organized an international recovery charter aircraft, successfully escorted Chinese employees from the smelter to the project site, and after the end of the period of central isolation, the smelter was set on fire in early July 2020. To overcome the human resource constraints during the epidemic, the project adjusted the “triple shift down” of the smelter to a “two shift down” and all Chinese and Pakistani employees were Qi.
The project has now started open-air stripping, laying the foundation for future development and smooth production operations of the resources of the Ore.
During the reporting period, 662 million tons of project resources, 11.8 million tons of copper metals, and an average of 1.67 per cent of copper, were in the world class of ultra-large copper deposits. Owing to the epidemic and other factors, the company is still negotiating a mining contract with the Government of Afghanistan.
The company’s operating income has rebounded from 2016 to date, with sustained growth. In 2020, the company achieved business income of $40.15 billion, an increase of 18.15% compared to the increase of $7.862 billion attributable to the parent company’s net profit, an increase of 19.13%.
The company ' s single-quarter net profit/repatriation margin has increased consistently since 2019q4, and the momentum has been established. In 2020q4, the company achieved business income of $132,142 million, an increase of 19.53 per cent over the same period; and in the parent ' s net profit of $3,255 million, a rise in the company ' s operating income and the rate of increase in the previous quarter.
Figure 4: The company’s net profits and speed of increase in recent years has committed itself to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.