China's giant rock, “low-cost, high-tech, big-market” world-class bobblehead, is the world-class leader in the fibreglass industry, with more than 2.6 million tons of total capacity, and is the world's largest.
The company has a clear cost advantage, has a strong R & D capacity, and has a deep foreign market. As industry leader, the company still has more new production than ever before, and the product structure continues to upgrade, and it is expected to “recreate a giant stone.” I am a world-class champion, with growing capacity: the company is a global hub with a capacity of over 260.
In 2021, China’s Great Stone and New Lighting Power produced 360,000 tons of energy; in May and June 2022, the company set fire to 150,000 tons of sarcophagus and 100,000 tons of electronic gauze. The company is currently building a smart manufacturing base that produces 400,000 tons of 9,000 hectares per year, as well as 120,000 tons of Egyptians per year.
Three steps to reduce efficiency gains and cost advantages continue to lead: (1) cold-renovation to old production lines and the introduction of new production and single-line production capabilities; (2) layout of raw materials and fuels, with better purchasing costs than peers; and (3) intellectual upgrading and efficiency gains.
The company is constantly developing new fibreglass formulations to improve the performance of its products. In 2020, China’s giant rock successfully achieved a new breakthrough in fibreglass formulations and launched an e9 super-high-module glass fibre.
The scale is more than 100 gpa, leading the entire industry, and is a milestone. e9 provides a higher technology platform that offers more possibilities for expansion in the field of downstream fibreglass applications.
In the first place, the share of high-end products rose from 70% in 2020 to 80%.
The domestic market for the 2022h1 bobble is performing fairly well, but there is a strong demand abroad, and companies, through the sale of idle bobble production, are able to deliver more than expected, production costs are rising and demand is increasing less rapidly than expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, building materials, glass fibre, investment summary, world-class industry leaders who have been working deep for decades.
For decades, a combination of ownership and support has developed, leading the world in terms of technology: China’s giant rock is the world’s leader in the field of fibre, and, after more than two decades of development, currently produces more than 2.6 million tons of capacity, accounting for more than 20% of the world’s total production capacity, and is the largest in size. The company’s predecessor dates back to the Zhejiang village, which was founded in 1969.
The company became the largest market in the world in 2008, and its products were marketed in Egypt in 2014 and the United States in 2016, respectively. China’s Great Stone Plant, which has been operating for decades, has gradually moved to the world.
China’s building materials are realists, and China’s state-owned companies seek to share their differences, creating a model for mixed ownership: the company owns the Chinese building materials group, holding 27.0% of the shares, and the Jin-seok group is the second largest shareholder, holding 15.6% of the shares. In 1998, China’s construction materials were put on the market in order to solve the country’s problems.
With regard to losses and losses, China has jointly established China's chemical construction, with 37.8 per cent of Chinese construction materials and 22.3 per cent of Jin-seok's shareholdings, which has changed the previous pattern of joint ventures with foreign investors. This has led to the current situation of corporate ownership, private-sector participation, combined with the introduction of strategic investors and mobile shareholders, flexible corporate mechanisms, and a more dynamic combination of private-sector and State-owned construction materials.
The company's management has a great deal of experience: the company's executives have a great deal of experience in the construction and management of the construction industry. The founder of China's Great Stone, Mr. Zhang Qiangqiang, has had 50 years of business experience in the bovine industry. Since 1972, when he brought back an old lesbian machine from the Jiangxi Quijiang Provery, Mr. Zhang Qiang has taken the lead in the development of the Ishimontung windmill factory from a small workshop to a small factory with the first pond kiln in the country.
In 1998, in response to a choice to be bought by a large foreign producer and to work with Chinese construction materials, he chose the latter, which led to the development of the Great Stone, supported by Chinese construction materials, and accelerated its growth. In 2012, Zhang Xiangqiang recognized the importance of internationalization of Chinese manufacturing, and China’s Great Stone built a production base in Egypt that enabled China’s fibre production technology.
With more than 2.6 million tons of fibre-optics and sustained growth, the company is a world-class bobble-head with more than 2.6 million tons of capacity: the company's main business is the production and sale of fibre-optics and products, the main product.
The product can be divided into non-alkali fibre-share and fibre-glass products, where the main business earns more than 95% of the revenue, while other operations are mainly China’s giant rock-based sales of materials and equipment, and North New Technologies’ trade operations. Companies have significant advantages and have steadily expanded their production capacity in recent years.
Figure 4. Corporate capacity continues to expand, with more than two decades on the market and rising performance: in the 23 years since the company was listed, it has grown more than 80 times, the company's single-line capacity has expanded, the level of intelligence has gradually increased, and the fibreglass formula has been upgraded from e1 to e9.
From 2001 to 2021, corporate operating income increased from $530 million to $19,71 million, with cagr reaching 19.8 per cent; and in the fibre-optic industry: supply and demand are kept tight and the high climate is expected to continue.
The fibreglass is a high-performance inorganic non-metal composite fibre material, with a range of advantages such as low cost, light quality, high-temperature-resistant corrosion, widely applied to construction materials, transport, electrical appliances, wind power, industrial tubes, defense force workers, etc., and penetration rates are still increasing.
This year, 34% of the country’s fibres were used in construction, transport, electronics, and wind power, 20% of the year, or 78% of the total. The fibres industry is divided into fibreglass veils, fibre-optic products, and fibre-optic composites: upstream of the fibre-optics industry is used for chemical work, ore powder, and energy.
These include, inter alia, a variety of fibre fabrics (species of squares, electronics, etc.) and fibreless products (short cuts, wet method thinners, etc.), which are made from deep processing of fibre-optic products, including, inter alia, coatings, glass steel, enhanced building materials, etc.
Figure 8. Fibre-based product classification, alkaline fibre veil, for example, for squeezing, entanglement, lft and other composite material formations and for knitting and deep-boiling processes,
Directly unbranded Wide application in infrastructure, chemicals, buildings, electronics, sports, etc. Application to thermal solid formation processes such as jets, smcs, plate formations, which enhances pa, pbt/pet, etc.
Co-contribution of hot plastic resins such as coarse coatings for construction, baths, automobiles, orbital traffic, electrical appliances, mainly in electronics and industrial fabrics, electronic base sheets, curtain wires, holsters, sands, electronic veils
Production of wheelcloths, sunscreens, flasks, filters, etc. Production of non-alkali fibreglass fibre fabrics, fibreglass glycerine fabrics, mainly for the production of various electrical insulation voltage panels, various vehicle bodies, storage tanks, etc.
It has a single-weight stability, small-scale displacement, and it's made of electronic-grade fibreglass fabrics.
Electronic sheeting is mainly used in the manufacture of coatings, end-uses in the manufacture of printed circuit boards and post-treatment.
Short cuts can be used as frp reinforced base material to effect the transformation of plastics. Short cuts of the original ribbons cut the glass to randomly but increase its performance and range of applications. Fibrous reinforced plastics can be divided.
(c) Equatively laid on the net belt, followed by emulsion glue, hot solid plastics (frsp, commonly known as hot-stabilized glass steel) and hot plastic plastics, or powdered pulverizers on dispersed formulations, which are heated and wet;
Leaf products (frtp, commonly known as thermoplastic steel), typical products with transparent watts, large plates with high stretching strength, single weights, etc.
Glass steel products such as materials, sanitary appliances, pipes, car parts; wet plating used mainly for building waterproofs, interior and interior wall decorations, tank preservatives, etc.
A type of fabric produced by the assembly, well-structured, mainly for wind-powered generator blades, cabin covers, modeling, shipbuilding, fabricing, flexible and performing in mechanics.
Sports equipment, life-saving facilities, etc. and more efficient and less costly production.
High silicon-resistant fibres, high-alkali-resistant walls, enhanced road concrete, efficient concrete, industrial floors, water, alkali-resistant fibres Chart 9. Application of the bobble veil
Figure 10. Application of short-finished beams. The company ' s main products and applications are as follows:
Car roofs, pull-cuff material, large sheds, columns.
Aerospace, entanglement of pipelines, boulders and appliance diagrams.
In 2022, the demand for fibres increased steadily, the demand for fibres in the construction sector was the largest, and the penetration rate was expected to increase: the demand for fibres in the construction materials sector was the greatest in the downstream demand for fibres.
The material is more reliable, energy-efficient, surface-resistant, resistant, and adaptable to environmental protection, as well as to the diversity of cosmetic processes. Green buildings are a definitive direction for future building development, a stage where fibreglass is becoming a major player: in 2013, the State Department’s office proposed that
The Green Building Action Programme identifies green building development objectives, basic principles, priority tasks, and safeguards. During the 13th Five-Year Plan, the State Council, the Ministry of Housing, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, among others, repeatedly proposed a 50% green building extension and a 40% application of green building by 2020. In 2020, carbon peaks and carbon neutralization policies were introduced, and green buildings became construction.
The glass fibres will benefit from the opportunities of green building promotion to improve the performance of green buildings and reduce the energy consumption of buildings, based on good performance in heat, heat insulation, stress resistance, sound insulation.
In 2022-2023, the demand for fibres in the construction sector is expected to grow steadily: taking into account the goal of steady growth in 2022, the capital will focus on the development of fibres in wind power applications, mainly in leaves, according to the study on the effects of composite material selection on wind blades (Dindra, Liang Li, Mao Xiaota), the type of fibres in wind leaves will vary according to the location where the fibres are used.
The difference is that, for example, the main beams and the rear beams act as carriers, and the mechanical performance is high, requiring the use of high-quantity one-way fabrics. According to Ming's smart offer, the amount of fabric needed for the gw wind loader is around 10,000 tons.
Figure 13. Leaf structure and selection (length direction)
♪ ♪ ♪ ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
It's a 45-degree fibre layer, resistant to clipping, resistant to pressure.
/pvc/petetsc.) Peritone panel clipping/reverse
45° fibre layer, the root structure transmits the load to the root connection, the do-axis.
The scissor cutting/weary performance is expected to continue to thrive in 2022-2023: a new wave of wind and power grabs took place throughout the country in 2020, with new wind and wind surges during the year.
In 2021, the number of new loads fell significantly. Between late April and May 2022, the 14th Five-Year Renewable Energy Plan was published nationwide, with a combined volume of wind installed in about 250-300gw, or 2022-2025, and the electronic veil was an important source of circuit-based material: the printing of circuit boards (pcb) could connect electronic components to design circuits, almost all of which had electricity.
Sub-equipment needs to reach pcb, with the core building block being the ccl, with 68% of the ccl building block being the bobble sheet, with the upper end being the electronic level of the bobble veil. The superior properties of electronic veil insulation, high strength, heat resistance make it the most important material for the coating. We have weak electronic veil demand in the first half of the year: we measure the demand for electronic veils in relation to the production of integrated circuits.
The apparent consumption of production and electronic veils is estimated to correspond to approximately 10,000 tons of electronic veils for every 3.5 billion to 4 billion integrated circuits. In 2020 and 2021, the production of integrated circuits in our country was maintained at a higher rate of 29.5 per cent and 37.6 per cent, respectively, supported by a combination of motor electronics, smart manufacturing and the spread of 5g. In particular, in 2021, the demand for coatings and printed circuit boards under the electronic veils remained high, and the electronic veils remained high.
The Chinese Institute of Information and Communications (CICI) recorded a cumulative decline of 30.3 per cent over the same period in January/April; according to the National Statistical Office, the national IC was hit by an epidemic in April, the rate of increase fell from last year's high to the same 5.8 per cent in April, and the epidemic-affected Shanghai IC in April fell by 65.4 per cent.
Demand is expected to pick up faster in the second half of the year, but demand is still negative throughout the year: under the impact of a decline in downstream output, a decline in demand for electronic veils, and disruption of the epidemic, demand for electronic veils has fallen and prices have returned more. With the resumption of work after the epidemic accelerating, three quarters may be a relative peak in demand for electronic veils. We expect a small fall in national production of integrated circuits this year to reach 336 billion dollars.
Blocks, equal to 6.5%, correspond to 884,000 tonnes of electronic gauze demand. Fibres are widely used in the transport sector: according to China's fibre remix network, transport accounts for about 14% of the country's fibreglass consumption, and is an important site for fibres. The fibreglass performance is excellent, with a clear advantage over traditional materials.
The industry uses this material mainly for coatings and absorbent components, such as roofs, window frames, bumpers, mud blocks, body plates and dashboards. According to the Long Sea Stock Exchange Note, a typical fibre-optic composite material component is 25-30% less than conventional material in car manufacturing, while a 10% reduction in vehicle weight saves 7.0% of fuel. The railway transport industry is used mainly for interior and interior plates, roofs, chairs and smc window frames in the car.
The manufacturing industry is used to manufacture fast passenger ships, fishing boats, cruise ships, passenger ships, lifeboats, etc. The demand for fibres in the area of cars will increase rapidly, driven by the recovery in car sales and by light quantification: the country has now achieved an average fuel consumption of 5.0l per cent per 100 km; as indicated in our Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, by 2025, the average fuel consumption of new vehicles will have been transported by vehicles.
In addition, the need for light-quantified vehicles has become more urgent and can increase the number and cost of power cell replacements in China in 2021. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, China ' s production of new-energy vehicles in 2021 was 354.5 per cent.
Tens of thousands, with an increase of 159.5% in the same year, the rapid development of new energy vehicles will continue to boost the demand for light and quantitative material. We expect that the volume of fibres will continue to rise and that 100 km of fuel will be consumed; and, according to the National Statistical Office, the country ' s capacity in automobile manufacturing in 2021 was 74.7%, taking into account the possibility of space-for-time in the automobile industry, and then, with policy stimulus, fuel trucks and new energy, we will be able to use it.
Both the source vehicles were able to repair the effects of the April-May epidemic to some degree, and we expect that this year ' s vehicle production will be almost the same as last year, with 63.8 and 706,000 tons of fibre in the area of automobiles projected for 2022-2023, respectively.
We believe that the main reason for the windfall of export is the sharp rise in production costs in Europe, the build-up of Europe’s home-line kilns, the increase in production efficiency, and the increase in demand for and supply of fibres. The demand for exports continues to boom, and the prices of recently exported containerized containers have fallen, despite the fact that the unit price of sales abroad is far higher than domestic prices.
At the end of the supply side, there is a clear advantage in the size of the head of the enterprise, and active expansion of the industry is taking place.
Policy, financial, and technical barriers are evident: at the policy end, the State has gradually controlled the release of energy-intensive industries in recent years, with clear provisions for single-line production in the fibre-optic industry, which requires a gradual increase from 30,000 tons in 2007 to 80,000 tons in 2019. At the end of the line, the capital of the fibre-rich kiln unit is high, with an average investment of 100 million yuan in the capacity of the crude product, while the electronic production unit is invested in 400 million yuan.
On the other hand, the industry is an independent industrial system that is integrated by glass-melting and plasticization, machinery, high molecular materials and engineering, thermal, chemical, knitting, auto-control, and hydrodynamic theory, interface science, crystallization, crystallization, polymer theory, etc. Most of the firms in the industry have had decades of production experience, leading to stronger autonomous research and development.
Figure 25. Access thresholds for the bobby industry are rising, and good firms are always strong: the compost products are more homogeneous, at similar prices, different firms have different profitability, the lower the cost, the higher the profitability of the business, the higher the returns are in the interest of reducing corporate indebtedness, refinancing, technological upgrading, expansion of production capacity, and so on.
Since the rapid spread of kilns at the beginning of the twenty-first century, the Industrial Head Office has been largely established and maintained, industrial concentration has been slowly increasing in recent years as production capacity has been upgraded. Industry concentration is high: globally, production capacity is highly concentrated in the bovine sector.
Chongqing International, Oc, Neg, and Jm Six have combined production capacity of more than 70%. The top three companies in China are China ' s Great Stones, Tai Shan Fibres, Chongqing International, with a domestic fibres firm of 60% cr3 in 2016, which rose from 3 pct to 63% in June 2022.
Supply analysis in 2022: pioneer firms are active in increasing production, considering their capacity to climb the slopes and cool repairs, and the actual supply of shock-controlable kilns is 8-10 years old. The industry has experienced two rounds of production capacity since 2010. The first upgrade was carried out in 2013-2014 by the national pool, which is now eight to nine years old; the second was a fibre-optic production climate from 2017 to 2018.
In the first half of 2019-2020, because of the climate of the fibre-optics industry, cold repairs were needed. In 2021, seven of the main fibre-optics producers combined generated 310,000 tons of capacity for cold repairs and 140,000 tons of additional capacity after cold repairs, and we measured that the increase in production capacity from cold repairs matched the decrease and did not bring about a change in production throughout the year.
In our judgement, we expect eight more lines of production to go into cold repair in 2022-2023, totalling 530,000 tons. More productive in 2021-2022, and more productive by leading firms: according to creative information, 780,000 tons in 2021, about half of the ignition capacity in the second half of the year, completed production in the first half of the second half of the year after experiencing an energy climb; new production was added.
By mid-July, we've set fire to 710,000 new products, considering that most of them will be released in May-June, and that it will take about a month to climb, which will be more manageable. This year's major output shock comes from 21 years of additional and cold-repaired productivity.
The output shock combined is about 630,000 tons. The output shock in this part is almost complete, while the current yield price decline is relatively low, and the price is relatively high, reflecting greater resilience; the output impact of 22 years of new capacity is about 350,000 tons, and we expect that in 22 years figure 32.2022, real domestic output will hit about 765,000 tons in 2021.
In 2022, with a tight balance of supply and demand, the climate is expected to continue, and the gap between supply and demand in the fibre industry is ahead of price movements: we use construction investment to represent demand in the construction sector, wind and wind to account for demand in the wind and car production to represent demand in the car and integrated circuit production to account for demand in the electronics sector.
The supply of fibres can be measured by the output rate of leading firms (China ' s giant stones, Chinese technology, Changhai shares, Shandong fibres, and Chongqing International ' s five producers account for more than 80% of the country ' s production capacity).
The index minus the increase in the supply of fibres can provide a supply and demand gap for the industry. Recapitulating the industry’s fibre cycle shows that excess capacity has been available since 2018 as a result of large-scale industrial output, that wind and electricity seizures since 2020 have led to a supply and demand gap in the industry, that the demand for fibres in areas such as automobiles and electronics has continued to grow in 2021, and that the demand for fibres continues to grow.
Tens of thousands of tons, the portion of which was completed and released in the first half of the year, adding 280,000 tons of fresh industrial fire and coarse production from January to May of this year, with high supply pressures; demand at the end of the spectrum, affected by the East China epidemic, and insufficient release of domestic demand for fibres in the areas of infrastructure, wind power, automobiles, etc., in the second quarter, while export demand continues to grow at a high rate, making up for domestic demand.
The index and the supply acceleration have shown that the supply and demand gap has been steadily narrowing since March 2022, and that the fibre-optic sector is in a tight balance. According to our earlier estimates, the total demand for fibre-optics in 2022 was 7,187,000 tons, an increase of 763,000 tons from 2021; and the yield-capacity impact in 2022, which was 760,000 tons, corresponds to the rate of increase in total demand, and we expect that the demand for fibre-optics will continue to be more closely balanced in the second half of 2022.
Figure 33. Domestic demand for fibre optics is highly affected by the East China epidemic
Figure 36. Price changes lag behind changes in supply and demand gaps. According to creative information, as of late July, the price of 2400 tex entangled direct veils was $5,600-5,900/tonne, with the ring being essentially flat, with a 4.1 per cent below the same rate; 180,000 tons of additional production capacity in the industry were added last year, with a larger impact on the balance of supply and demand in the industry.
Last September, 17,000 yuan/tonne was falling. In the second quarter of this year, affected by the epidemic, the electronic veil supply was reduced, supply was tight, and the price of the filament began to rebound in mid-May, at a current price of 9,600-9,800 yuan/tonne.
The world’s largest production capacity: since 2004, companies have started building large-scale kiln capacity, currently owning three major production bases in Kyushu, Kojiang, Chengdu, and abroad in Egypt and the United States. In producing capacity, the base has 13 production lines (6 traditional lines, 4 smart lines, 3 smart lines) and 2 electronic fabric production lines, 3 smart lines, and 3 production lines in Kyushu.
The company has more than 2.3 million tons of domestic production and 300,000 tons of overseas production capacity, the world’s largest in size. The yield of fibres and products has continued to grow, with production rates remaining high: operating revenues from the company’s main operations grew steadily, from $4.91 billion in 2012 to $17.84 billion in 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of 15.4 per cent in 10 years.
The corresponding increase of 61.6 per cent is due mainly to the strong demand for automobiles, electronics, and exports in 21 years, which resulted in a sharp rise in the volume of sales. The public and product production rates were higher, with 96.2 per cent and 100.6 per cent respectively of the products sold in 2021.
The company’s capacity has expanded steadily: in construction capacity, the company’s Xinjiang base’s smart manufacturing base is expected to start production in late 22-23 years and in early 24 years in phases 1 and 2 respectively; the Egyptian base’s production capacity is expected to start in late 2022 on the 4th line. In cold-remediation capacity, the Qing township base is planned to change from 8 to 10, 12 to 20 and 6 to 50,000 tons, respectively; and Egypt’s 1 line is planned to change from 8 to 120,000 tons;
It is estimated that, with the completion of the above-mentioned build-up and cold-renovation changes, the company’s capacity will expand and increase its performance: the growth of the company’s performance is determined by factors such as production, prices, costs, costs, etc., and the output growth division’s capacity. The start-up time for the new capacity is clear, while the start time for cold-renovation is unknown.
A total of 180,000 tons of capacity will be added, spread to 22-24 years, i.e., 60,000 tons of capacity growth per year from cold-renovation expansion. This will result in figure 43. Sustained expansion of capacity drives performance growth.
The company has a significant cost advantage and a sustained profit level. The company's Māori advantage is clear: the company's Māori ratio continues to be ahead of the industry, above the industry average by more than 4 per cent, and the advantage is clear. In 2021, the BP business Māori rate was 49.9 per cent higher than the TCI, Chongqing International, Shandong Bitu, Long Sea shares by 7.1 pct, 18.9 pt, respectively.
Manufacturing costs, second, reduced procurement costs through upstream layout of raw materials, and third, increased per capita production efficiency through upgrading of smart manufacturing. First step in reducing efficiency: expansion of single-line production capacity; expansion of single-line production costs; large-scale release of capacity by companies since 2004, leading to the spread of the domestic fibre-optic industry ' s pool kilns;
In 2012-2021, the age of the kilns at the primary production line was phased out, the company was able to expand its old production line through cold repair, the size of the new fire line was increased, and overall single-line capacity continued to rise. After years of expansion and capacity upgrading, the company increased the size of its bra line from an average of 80 million tons in 2010 to 112,000 tons today, with significant advantages.
Five production lines have been announced with a total of 175,000 tonnes of additional capacity after cold repairs have been completed, and production costs and consumption continue to decline.
The cost of fibre optics is divided into direct materials, fuel energy, man-made and manufacturing: based on China's Great Stone, Shandong Pough, Long Sea shares, Gwangqing's internationally disclosed production cost data, we measure the cost composition of the Prob optic enterprise, direct materials account for 38 per cent, and fuel energy account for 38 per cent.
Twenty-six per cent of the manufacturing costs, 23 per cent of the cost, and 13 per cent of the labour costs. Direct materials consist mainly of raw materials such as flask, limestone, leachate, stone sand, etc. Energy power sources include mainly natural gas and electricity, manufacturing costs include mainly depreciation of housing equipment, loss of platinum alloys, and the cost of spill-plating, etc. The labour costs consist mainly of the remuneration of the production-related personnel.
Of the total cost, the largest sub-groups were electricity, gas, and flask: based on the cost-share data disclosed by China, we measured that each sub-section of direct materials and fuel energy accounted for the largest portion of the total cost, 30% of the total cost. Of the direct material, the proportion of the total cost was about 9%, with electricity and natural gas accounting for 48% and 37% of the total cost, respectively, and about 15% of the total cost, respectively.
(b) Acquisition of equipment for the Qingjiang gold sheeting: in June 2012, the company acquired Qingjiang goldstone, Qingjiang goldstone production and sale equipment;
The company also recovers old metal leakboards and kiln bricks, extracts and recovers alloys from them. The company acquires gold from the village of Kiryu, and has mastered the entire industrial chain of technology, such as leakboard processing, making raw materials, production, and equipment.
In 2021, the price of platinum and platinum fluctuated sharply, and the cost of platinum tones to the company rose significantly. According to The Application of platinum to the Glass Industry (Jiang Yass), the glass industry uses rh10% (quality fractions) of platinum alloys.
In 2021, the cost of thallium alloys used in the glass industry was calculated at 10%, which is about 700 yuan/gram, an increase of 47.1% over 2020, according to my annual thallium alloy consumption of 620 million yuan, an increase of 240 million yuan over the previous year. During the high price window, companies earned high profits by selling idle thallium powder.
According to the company’s performance statement, the company will gradually replace the old leakboard with a low/no leak, and will also have more of the powder to be used for future sale and profit in the event of a re-emergence of high prices.
Marketing, company self-constructed graphite capacity, has an advantage over the cost of processing ferald stones into stone. Its current capacity of 1.3 million tons of ferald mills per year can be significantly used to meet the company’s demand for feralds. According to the company, Chinese giant stones were purchased in 2019 at a price of approximately $432 per ton, about $200 less than their counterparts’ price for feralds and less than their price for ferald stones.
To 100 yuan per ton, to ensure continuity of production. The company relies mostly on pipeline-carried western gas and gas from the river, and has created a variety of emergency energy reserves to guarantee a stable supply of natural gas, such as gas power stations and large liquefied gas storage tanks, equipped with vehicle-borne compressed natural gas.
The company’s energy purchases are supported by the Zhejiang provincial government, which has set up a branch for the company’s Tsing-Jing gas pipeline. The company maintains a distance from its competitors: according to China’s Great Stone 2021 esg report, the company’s sculpting and sculpting combined energy consumption is different.
The value is 22.5% and 20% lower, keeping the energy consumption distance from competitors, and the future energy consumption target will fall further through the accumulation of technological advantages. Moreover, according to the report, the company used 100% of the filament, with CO2 emissions per ton lower than industry and energy consumption lower by 18%.