Long power technology (600584), IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Long power technology: sealing industry again, long power technology sailing
In terms of national strategy, after the announcement of the 30th of September, the Foundation became the number one major player in long power technology.
Large shareholders, long power technology, will also carry the country’s heavy burden of measuring industrial development; in terms of industrial status, long power technology and China’s close collaboration with China’s international cooperation match the concept of virtual Idm’s industry. Cooperation between the country’s first plant and the First Crystalworker will greatly contribute to each other’s development.
As we look at the industry, we're going to have a year of price increases in 2018, for three reasons: partial segmentation of semiconductors such as storage, high growth of automobile electrons; and advanced containment trends in the direction of heterogeneity integration leading to seals.
Measuring the value of the industry: As mergers and acquisitions are consolidated, the concentration of the sealing industry has increased, and corporate speech/flow power (millions of shares) has boosted price increases.
The overall market value/flow (millions of dollars) Increased capacity utilization provides an opportunity to reverse performance: in the last two years, companies have actively imported new customers in areas such as storage, automobiles, electronics, and bitcoin miner processors.
At the same time, at the end of September 2017, after the relocation of the Sengko Jinbang factory, capacity utilization began to climb. We expect a balance of gains and losses to be achieved in 2018.
Metrics, equivalent to 101.06/29.32/19.48. For the first time, coverage is given with a “buy-in” rating.
Applications such as storage, industry, auto electronics, and the Internet will lead to semiconductor development in the coming years. Long-power technology will respond to industry trends, actively importing high-speed potential customers, pre-positioning markets, and will also effectively reduce the concentration of downstream markets and boost production.
Prospectively predicting that the sealing industry will start to raise prices in 2018, thereby pushing the domestic semiconductor market back to sound roe.
Levels. Reasons are as follows: industry needs to transmit price pressures downstream as a result of price increases for raw materials; merger-purchase integration increases business concentration and speech power: the strong demand to break down downstream markets transforms the sealing industry into a seller market.
1. The combination of long power technology acquisition and acquisition has been successful. 1.1. Long power technology has been brought to the fore by the Jiang Yangjiang Electronics Industries Company Ltd., established in 1998 and renamed in 2000.
The company landed on the stock market in 2003. Since then, its performance has been growing steadily, with Jiangyang receiving 6,428 million annual electric revenues in 2014, ranking eighth in the world.
The Electric Technology and Industry Foundation and the Cycetic Semiconductor (CycleSoft International) have invested in the establishment of stock-holding companies ... to buy up on offer S.C.G.P.T. The sum of US$ 260 million was spent on long-power technology, with the remaining US$ 520 million being provided by the Industry Fund and the Cycenic Semiconductor. In this merger, long-power technology won state capital and industrial capital.
The acquisition was finally completed in August 2015. Since then, the long power technology has completed overseas M&As of RMB 4,78 billion ($780 million), making it the third largest plant in the world.
Successful M&As is a leap forward for the company. S.H.H.H. Kimpun, in August 2015, combined with $3.2 billion in S.H.I.P., in August and December. And S.H.H. Kimbon, in 2016, contributed $7.807 billion, with $8.98 billion in revenue from the former power camp for the same period, which is equivalent to the company’s operating income in mergers and acquisitions.
When the merger is completed, the company faces a complex reorganization of its equity structure; at the beginning of the merger, the company agreed with the industrial base gold, the kernel semiconductor (CEI) to actively cooperate with the acquisition of the S.S. Goldbon shares.
In May 2016, Long Electric Technology officially announced the reconstitution of the company, which was conditionally passed by the SEC in March 2017. Prior to this reorganization, the Cycetic Semiconductor and the Industrial Fund, through the Long Electric New Unit and the Long Electric Newcomer, held a total of asterisks.
The stockholdings of the companies listed above are equalized in the exchange of the shares of the new branch and the new owner after the transaction, the new company, the new company, the newcomer, the newcomer, the newcomer group, the industrial fund, and the top three shareholders of the company. The share shares are 14.28%, 13.99% and 9.54% respectively.
At the same time, in this reorganization of assets, the Cube Semiconductor and Industry Fund has also targeted long-to-long power technology for long-to-long electricity generation, which, according to the announcement, achieved a combined net profit of no less than $70 million in 2017, 2018, 2019, respectively.
RMB, RMB 380 million, and RMB 560 million, for a total of RMB 10.1 billion. If the sum of the accumulated net profits of the new long electricity department for three years fails to meet its commitments, the core power semiconductor and the industry foundation compensate for long electricity technology on the basis of pre-trading shareholding ratios, up to a maximum of RMB 153 million and RMB 100 million, respectively.
Performance commitments provide a benchmark for future profit in Starring Pon, and also reflect the firm confidence of the Cyclops Halfconductor (Medium Cycling International) and the Industrial Fund in the performance of Stargrims. In the third quarter of 2017, the net return on long-power technology was $165 million, while in performance commitments, the net profit accumulated in three years was $1.01 billion.
The company’s profitability can be boosted significantly by pontoon losses and profits. 1.3. Large funds are officially funded, and the National Team is now on the rise.
The top three shareholders of the company will be further repositioned as the first shareholders of a listed company, and the industry’s national team will emerge as a result. However, as the share ratio of the former three shareholders remains relatively close, the company will remain without shareholders or real control after the launch.
Three of the six non-independent members of the Board of Directors each hold two seats, and of the supplementary funds raised under this project, 1,330 million will be used to repay bank loans, in addition to the investment communications envelopes and the China-China envelopes, and this increase will be prioritized for a long period of time due to the time it takes for the funds to go to sea.
At a 6% interest rate, the proposed increase would effectively reduce the annual financial cost of $79.8 million and the corporate asset liability rate of 4.26 pct. At the same time, when large funds become available, it will facilitate cooperation between policy banks, such as companies and national banks.
LongschenTechnology Chart 5: Three fixed additions related to S.S. Gold Plum M&As
In September 2017, it was planned to produce 2 billion pieces of communications envelopes a year, 1.62 billion items in the Internet, 1.6 billion items in the Internet.
Repayment of the loan of 1.330 billion, after distribution, the share of the estate fund, the purchase of the industry fund and the core semiconductor.
No more than 19% will be the company ' s first shareholder; the core semiconductor shareholding rate is not available on the November 2013 project date.
I'm the second largest shareholder in the company. 950 million dollars a year of inverted sealing projects and 590 million dollars of fund-raising for the acquisition of stars.
By and large, long-power technology has combined national capital and industrial capital by means of a number of fund-raising initiatives.
The year 2018 was a crucial year for long power technology, and companies will be working to increase their productivity at this point in time, in terms of the size of their assets, and in terms of their national strategic position.
And replace high-interest debt. Keep an eye on the company's growth dynamics in 2018.
In 2017, the storage went off, long-electric technology was cut into the blue sea market at the right time, and semiconductor envelopes were made of semiconductors. The main effect of the semiconductor envelopes was to encircle the chip in the support, to increase protection and to provide interconnection between the chip and pcb. The envelopes were created in the bud of the semiconductor, with the semiconductor.
By 2017, the global semiconductor market had grown significantly, with Wsts, for example, forecasted a 6.5% increase in semiconductor sales revenue for the whole of 2017. By mid-2017, Wsts had increased their sales by the same amount.
The biggest increase in the semiconductor industry since the beginning.
The size of the global semiconductor market shows that semiconductors are divided mainly into integrated circuits, separate devices, photoelectric chips (led chips) and sensors, which account for 83%, 5%, 9%, 3%, respectively.
Disaggregated into storages, logical chips, microprocessors, and simulation chips. The storage was the largest, with 29% of the semiconductor market size. From a dramatic point of view, the size of the storage market will vary significantly around the semiconductor industry.
And 2017 was the year when the memory exploded, and the wsts data show that in 2017 the memory grew at a rate of 50.5%, making it the biggest catalyst for the upswing of semiconductor panels. In addition, there were also significant improvements in performance, such as separation devices, simulators, logical chips, etc.
The explosion of the storage also led to significant developments in the sealing industry. Yole predicted that the storage envelope in 2016 would have a market size of nearly $20 billion, but since the storage business was mostly idm, the storage business outsourced to the storage plant in 2016 was about $5.06 billion.
The pattern is not clear, with the top rankings being strong (23.1% of the city), and the top rankings being the most traditional plants (23.1% of the city), and the top rankings being the traditional ones. For example, the number of cities with long electricity technology is only 4.5%, and there is much room for development.
The net profit from the year is at the bottom of the calendar years. And then, with the recovery of the storage climate, the net profit has stabilized at around 21% and 10%, respectively. In 2017, the net gain from the first three quarters of power grew at a higher rate of 23.55% compared to the average increase in the storage industry.
Long-power technology is now mainly stored in storage, mainly through the use of nand envelopes in Hsing Kim Pong Korea and Jiang Niang, and has made a breakthrough in the 3d stacking. According to the roadmap in the figure below, long-power technology will also introduce eewlb technology into storage in the future, thus achieving 0.31 mm of superstitious envelopes.
In terms of the development potential of the domestic market, according to the data provided by cinnoresearch, there are currently 1.55 million units of Nand capacity in the global market. The plan for the construction of the Yangtze River’s storage reaches 300,000.
New applications bring new opportunities, long-electric layout of automobile electron bitcoin, which we analysed in 2017 when the semiconductor industry relied mainly on the explosion of the memory, so let's look at the downstream drivers of the semiconductor industry in terms of longer-term dimensions.
Prior to 2012, the semiconductor industry was driven by a single downstream application, with a dramatic change in demand and a mismatch between the amplification rhythms of easy and crystal mills, leading to fluctuations in capacity utilization. The information provided through ihs shows that the semiconductor manufacturing industry generally had a cycle of 2-3 molar laws, in 2000.
Since 2012, the rise of the mobile terminal industry has made semiconductor markets driven by a single downstream computer industry in the past, and into a two-downstream drive of computer+phones. The fragmentation of downstream markets can effectively mitigate demand-side waves.
Motivation. So, the mill’s capacity utilization is smooth.
According to gartner, the fastest rates of compound growth in the semiconductor downstream market in 2016-2021 were storage (data centre), industrial (vertical applications such as industry, medical care, security) and automotive (car electron), with composite growth rates of 10.8 per cent, 9.8 per cent and 9.2 per cent, respectively, while wireless (cell phones and base stations)
It is worth mentioning that there are two currently extremely hot applications, not listed separately by gartner. First, the object network, because it upgrades traditional applications across multiple applications. So the above figure does not contain a separate list of semiconductor sales for the network, but divides them into various applications, such as: wearables.
The equipment is in the willeless field, the car network is in the automotive field, and according to gartner, with 6382 million global equipment holdings in 2016, it will increase to 20,415 million units in 2020 and, specifically in the chip area, the semiconductor sales for the network applications in 2016 will be US$ 13,855 million.
In 2017, the most popular topic in the scientific and technological world was Bitcoin. Although some countries have initiated regulatory controls, it still does not affect the trend of Bitcoin’s spiral. The price index recently released by the coinsk was $7704.65.
Bitcoin has a constant heat, and bitcoin processors are in short supply. Because bitcoin processors mainly use 10 nm, 16 nm. Production is done at a power trader. As a result of the three-quarters transfer of power, the volume of electricity accumulated in 2017 was as high as $350 million-$40 billion in bitcoin.
The battery camp received $8.33 billion. Bitcoin received 4.2 to 4.8 per cent, and what is it expected to look at Bitcoin in four quarters? According to CEL: “We believe that Bitcoin is the primary application of the block chain, so it deserves attention and will change the way we know how contracts and payments are made.
We can't judge the future stability of the business, but at least for the moment we don't see any possibility of it going down."
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, maklutaiwansemiconductorufacturing companycommitteed-co-ceo, president and director cryptocurrence, okay.asyouknow, thecryptocurrencepriseisveryvolatileand -- butrecentyeritharisbeenquitetenacity, keeping adighlevel.evenwothmeofthegovernment, becauseofmonitorissues, theyhavesomeconstraits.butitdoesn'tseemstobea
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do that. I'm not going to do that.
As these new applications break out, traditional applications become electronic, and semiconductor downstream markets become more fragmented.
On the one hand, the demand-side fluctuations of semiconductors can be more smooth, avoiding fluctuations in the production capacity of the manufacturing sealing industry. On the other hand, firms that deploy downstream markets in a timely fashion can pre-position their cards and enjoy high growth rates in the area of segmentation.
In the face of this challenge, companies are actively importing downstream customers in areas such as storage, auto electronics, and bitcoin. Markets with high potential for faster advance card growth are also effective in reducing the concentration of downstream markets and increasing capacity utilization.
The heterogeneous integration is the future of the advanced envelopes, leading to an increase in the value of the sealing industry.
Size. The main types of encapsulation include inverted envelopes (flip-clip), fan-in, fan-out envelopes. The other way is to increase the internal composition of the envelopes by sealing multiple dies into one envelope in order to go beyond the law of Moor, i.e. sip envelopes.
Figure 18: The two main directions of the advanced envelopes are, first, to look at the inverted envelopes and to fan-out envelopes. The core direction of the route is to reduce the area of the envelopes to close to the size of the chip. The fan-in envelopes are then turned into crystal-crystal envelopes.
In traditional chip encapsulation (cutting and sealing), the fan-in and fan-out envelopes are made directly on the entire crystal circle and then cut. The crystal-circle envelopes appear to blur the separation between the crystal-crystal factory and the sealing plant. We usually do it on Wafer.
The rdl, bumping, etc., is called the medium process (me). Both the crystal-crystal and the sealing plants are capable of engaging in the medium process. As an example of this, the company now has three plant areas for advanced containment, which are located in the new bamboo garden area, the cities of Taipei and Peach Garden.
The semiconductor sealing process has become a necessity for the military, and its market size has been increasing year by year. For example, Bumping reached 16 million waffer in 2014, compared with the demand in 2020 compared to 2016.
For long-power technology, the company's layout at Bumping is mainly advanced and medium-core. The bumping lines of the former are currently mainly fan-in, with downstream applications such as cell phones wifi, blue teeth, power sources, and so on, and monthly production.
The new growth point is in the expansion of the Bumping project, which, in October, announced an increase of $2.35 billion to expand the Bumping line, generating annual sales of $2.368 billion and profits of $366 million, while the middle core long power is mainly the medium-course process of 28nm. The current capacity is 10,000 units per month (12 months).
Inch, and is planned to expand to 50,000 units per month. As the 28 nanometers operation of China-Cryston acquired the hope that the sip program gave its operators in the third quarter of 2017 to go beyond Moore's law, the advanced seals inevitably talk about Moore's law. Moore's law defines the concentration of chips every 18 months.
Doubles (from 2013 onwards to every three years). Molar law drives the chip production process, from 0.25m to 28nm, and the production cost of the unit logical operation unit continues to decrease. However, when the chip production progresses to below 28nm, the unit logical operation unit production costs do not rise inversely.
And with the progress of chip production, such as production of multilayered maskes (US$ 1 million on the 28nm floor, at least 18 floors on the finfet), UV light carvings (a set of €1 million for euv). Beyond the law of Morethanmoore, with no increase in variable and fixed costs.
The following is the direction of semi-guided institutional development given by itrs at the conference: the vertical axis is the evolving law of Moore, the depth moore, and the horizontal axis highlights the integration of more chips over the same area through the sip process to achieve a greater degree of compliance with the law of Moore.
How does the sip program go beyond Moore's Law? The core direction of the program is to seal the die of multiple chips in one envelope. The normal 2dsip covers multiple parallel chips on the sipboard, followed by 2.5d envelopes that introduce silicon intermediaries on the basis of 2d envelopes, while the 3d envelopes do.
Long-electric technology, because of the relative difficulty of 2dsip, some of the more technologically powerful ems plants are also expected to cut in.
Applewatch’s sip envelope is delivered to Sunshine’s subsidiary Circumium Electronic Production. If the crystal-circle scheme, represented by fan-flashing, blurs the boundary between the crystal-crystal plant and the containment plant, the sip scheme blurs the boundary between the sealing and the ems plant.
Figure 24: S1 chip consists of multiple dies.
In fact, these two types of containment technologies can be further integrated. The fastest step in integrating the fanout and tip covers is the iphone7 main processor a10.
Using the info process, which is unique to a battery. As can be seen from the chart below, the info of a battery has used fanout to encapsulate the main processor while stacking a memory on top.
As can be seen from the information provided by the sun and the moon, as a global tap, the sun and the moon also have the capacity for fan-type and cip envelopes, as well as the planning to integrate the two options.
The +sip program and the power builder are different, and the Sunlight program places greater emphasis on the integration of different processes in the envelope, such as integrated circuits, mems, passive components, etc. Ultimately, the whole plant is presented with a large package of encapsulation products. The program is also called heterogeneous integration.
Figure 26: The future of advanced encapsulations is heterogeneous integration, long electrotechnics.
More specifically, in the sip program, a highly skilled ems factory could be involved in 2dsip. But 2.5d, 3dsip would involve stacking, tsv, etc., with a higher threshold; the crystal circle sealing programme would place greater emphasis on crystal circle and sealing plants.
The cooperative effort, although power generation can produce info seals, is lacking in the knowledge that the plant knows about heterogeneous integration, so we believe that in the future of advanced sealing, only industrial chains such as the plant can be created.
To achieve heterogeneous integration, it became a central part of semiconductor manufacturing, encapsulation, and ems III. For long-electric technology, in 2014, long-electric technology and China Harbour International co-organised a co-branch company with core long-power, which, on the other hand, matches the concept of “virtual idm” to the medium-course process of 28nm production.
In mid-2017, the Head of International Trade and Industry further strengthened the strategic partnership between the two. The traditional envelope market is large, and the advanced envelopes are growing faster.
As we have previously demonstrated the future of the advanced envelopes, this chapter analyses the size of the market for the advanced envelopes. With the data provided by gartner and yole, the global envelope market was 49.770 billion dollars in 2016. Of this, the market size of the traditional envelopes was $27.2 billion, accounting for 54.7 per cent of the market share.
The largest market, $18.79 billion, or 37.7 per cent, of the total market size, was in reverse. At the rate of increase, the combined growth rate of advanced seals could be 7 per cent in 2016-2021, higher than the average growth of the sealing industry of 3-4 per cent.
The market size is $26.742 billion per year, followed by 2.5d/3dsip with a 28% compound growth rate. In 2021, the market size of the package is projected to be $1,135 million. The market size of the reverse market is currently the largest of all advanced envelopes, but at a slower pace, with market size projected at $24.186 billion in 2021 and compound growth.
According to downstream markets, most of the major markets for advanced envelopes are in smart terminals. Sip, for example, according to silicon products, in 2017 there were 6,574 million sip-enclosed chips. Of these, 4.03% were in notebooks; 71.86% were in cellular panels; and 24.11% were in equipment.
A total of seven chips (including a10 processors) have been sealed using the wlcsp program; eight chips have been sealed using the sip program; and three chips have been covered using the welding cosp program.
Long-power technology 2.3. Block industry patterns improve, raise prices when they're right, block industry price increases.
First, let's look at the cost composition of the sealing industry. For example, by looking at company announcements, it can be seen that 67.79% of the total cost in 2016 was material costs, accounting for 10.62%.
The price of the encapsulated material fluctuates to a great extent affecting the sealing plant, according to the latest data from Semi 2017. The highest proportion of the encapsulated material consists of the enveloped base plate (38.39%). The lead frame (15.54%), packaged material (15.04%) and keyed wire (13.94%) follow.
As a result of further communication with industry associations, it is known that of the four materials with the highest share: (1) the enveloped base plate is produced through the pcb process, the raw materials and pcb are identical, with 35 per cent of the cost being the coating plate, 5 per cent the bronze and 4 per cent the copper ball. (2) the lead frame cost is 80 per cent copper; (3) the main cost of the packaged material is the epoxy resin; (4) the keyline,
50% gold wire; 20% copper wire; and 17% copper-plated wire.According to this analysis, the cost of chip encapsulation is largely influenced by price fluctuations in raw materials, the most important upstream material in raw materials, such as enveloped base panels, fuse frames, keylines, etc., is copper and
epoxy resins. As this year’s main melody of commodities is price increases, copper and epoxy resins are moving up the road year after year. The self-sufficiency of domestic semiconductor materials is low, and pricing power is in the hands of overseas suppliers. For example, there are only deep south circuits in the country.
When the market is not competitive enough, semiconductor raw-material manufacturers quickly pass on the pressure of price increases to downstream customers. The rise in raw-material prices has put considerable cost pressure on the sealing firm, and has given impetus to subsequent price increases.
But whether the price increases can offset the rise in raw materials or even make the business more profitable depends more on its bargaining power. The concentration of closed enterprises has increased dramatically, and bargaining power has increased.
In recent years, a series of mergers and acquisitions, such as the Chinese technology merger and the purchase of flychip, the long-power technology acquisition of starry goldbon, the Antween acquisition of jdevice, and the sun and the sun, have greatly increased the concentration of the sealing industry. The most influential of these are the most influential mergers and acquisitions in the recent past.
On November 24, 2017, the Ministry of Commerce issued a circular authorizing the purchase of silicon products on the basis of restrictive conditions.
(2) Sunshine Investment Holdings Ltd. does not exercise shareholders' rights other than to obtain dividends and financial disclosure information during the limitation period (24 months); (3) will provide services to customers without discrimination during the limitation period, offers, etc.; (4) will not restrict the choice of other suppliers by the customer.
According to Trendforce, 19.2 per cent of daytime and 9.9 per cent of silicon are projected to be in the global seal industry in 2017, and 66.90 per cent will be in the top five laboratories, and competition patterns in the sealing industry would be measured if the combination were to give birth to 29.1 per cent of the sealing industry.
Figure 37: 2017top 10 list of corporate receipts ($ billion) Figure 38: Concentration of the closed sector, 2011-2017
By reference to the history of the silicon industry, silicon companies have been integrated over more than a decade, especially in 2016, when the Taiwan ring crystals, with $683 million, acquired the sum of 92 per cent of the top five silicon companies. In 2017, they benefited from the eruption of downstream demand, with silicon prices rising by up to 60 per cent.
So, as we look at the sealing industry, we've already discussed the break-up growth of downstream markets, benefiting from mergers and acquisitions, a qualitative increase in the concentration of the sealing industry, and a build-up of the price increases for important raw materials, so we think that the entire sealing industry has matured, and that major sealing plants will increase some of their packaging in 2018.
And it's going down the river, and it's going to be a year of rising prices, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year, and it's going to be a year.
We define long-power technology, China Tech, high-technology technology, crystallization technology, large port shares (Ike Semiconductor) as seal plates; Yangjie Technologies, fast microelectrics, Slanwa, Suzhou Siu Weiwei, Huhua Wei Electronics, tile-based shares as separate device plates; China Hari International, China Rainbow Semiconductor, advanced semiconductor as crystal-crystal production plates; mega-ficture innovation, Holy State Unit.
Twenty chip designs are designed as plates. Standard heavy asset industries such as swled, sw print circuit boards, sw passive components. The following graphs can be obtained. As can be seen, semiconductor sealing, crystal rounding, and split device plates are in the bottom of the row.
And that's only 10.58% of the semiconductor design plate, which is supposed to be a light asset. Even below the swpcb plate, from a stock perspective, we're picking up the representative company of Dragonhead, which seals the plate, and we're choosing long-electric technology, solar technology and solar light, and we're counting on technology.
International, stationic power; pcb, we pick Xiangyang Electric; led, we choose PV San An. The eight above-mentioned shares compare horizontally, with the country's three largest power plants, China Tsing Technology, and China Cube International Roe, again at the bottom of the list. Even China Tsing Technologies, known as China Tsing, with high productivity rates, were only 7.96% in 2016. The semiconductor industry is already low.
Whether the pcb, the led industry in the country, or the big plants overseas, like sun and moon, rest, power, etc., are far worse. Chip manufacturing, power generation, absolute dominance, and technological advantage can bring higher value-added premiums, so...
It's not surprising that it gets up to 24.41% of the roe. But in the area of containment, domestic manufacturers have reached international first-class standards in terms of technological strength, capacity, size, etc., and should catch up with the sun and the moon.
And the firm's work in 2018 was focused on importing new customers and digging new markets. We have reason to believe that long technologies are driven by a series of price increases and capacity-building measures.
By 2019, Roe will catch up with the world's largest plants at sun and moon, secure levels, and will follow through on the continent's cost advantages.
There are currently three major lines of operation for long power technology, namely, primary power technology, and starring goldbon and jsk. Each has a division of labour and complementarities.
The first three quarters of the year saw a significant increase in operating income over last year’s full-time level. The first three quarters of the year saw a year-on-year increase in revenue.
The net profits of the company as a whole have been affected by a significant increase in the size of the harvest. The net profits of the company as a whole have fallen by 66.81% in 2015.
There has been a steady positive trend in the development of various sectors of electricity and technology: (i) with regard to the q4 loss in 2016, which has been significantly reduced, from 20.24 per cent in 1 q in 2016 to -34 per cent, while the increase in losses in 2017 was mainly due to the relocation of the Shanghai plant:
(2) In the case of jsck, the net profit of 2017 q3 has cleared off the losses of the first half of the year and will continue to improve in the fourth quarter; (2) the profit rate has been rising, driven by the continuous optimization of the primary long-power technology, which has reached its best interest rate since 2016 q2.
Figure 43: Three main lines of operations for long-range electricity and technology (in billions of yuan) where there is little overlap in the main products of the various branches of long-range electricity and technology from the point of view of synergies in the operations of the subsidiaries, there is a clear correlation between the evolution of business complementarities:
(a) In the field of primary electrical technology, the primary production of low end covers such as sop, dip and separate devices is in the Xiangzhou/Housework Plant: while the LEE Hof is in charge of producing the qfn seal, the base plate covers industry is in charge of the bga seal, while the LED is in charge of producing the medium-course process for crystal-crystal envelopes, the starboard goldpen side: the Singapore plant is in the most advanced ewlp envelopes, while there are some testing operations;
In the case of Jsck, the main input is the sip capacity, which is used to match the clientele of the cell phone. In the following, we will divide the business content of the major plates, their capacity, and the forecast of harvests.
Figure 44: Summary of main products of the long-range electrical panels
Low-end envelopes, sop,dip,separate device production, long power headquarters.
qfn, etc., this base plate covers bga, wlcsp, etc.
Long-power, medium-channel process; ecp encapsulation
Singapore factory ewlb fan wrapping ewlb
The Korean factory, in reverse and sealed, the Jiangyang factory.
Rewinding, welding, seaworks, jsck (package for a client)
Sip covers 3.2. The company has been operating since 2016, when the company started to grow at 4q.
There has been a qualitative improvement in the level, and there has been a significant increase in capacity utilization. In each of the break-down plates, the primary electrical technology can be broken down into the long-term electric system, the long-electricity zone, the long-settling zone, the Gang Yinjiang and the four most advanced plants, as described below. (1) Long-electricity state is mainly responsible for the production of small-scale power devices, as well as the low-end fuse frame, and the long-shelter population.
Cost control is important because of market competition patterns, the technology for the encapsulation of Xiangzhou and Cebu plants is mature, the threshold is low, and there are many competitors. The labour cost advantages of Xiangzhou and Cebu City are evident, while transport is relatively easy, allowing for labour costs and transport.
In terms of financial performance, there has been a steady increase in the performance of the factory and a significant increase in the net interest rate of 1h in 2017; while the housing plant was underutilized by its high-powered mosfet capacity, it continued to lose, but as the market continues to grow.
In 2017, the product structure began to be profitable; now the state has better earnings, while the housing stock is improving continuously, and there are no plans to expand these two business units. (2) The Jiang Nishimoto Department produces mainly qfn-style coatings, while the Jiangyang factory's base plate sealing department is charged
These two main types of envelopes, while also traditional, are more difficult and competitive than the products of the Cebu State housing plant. The company announced on 30 September 2017 that it was planning to invest 1.735 billion yuan in the expansion of the bga line in Jiang Yinmoto, resulting in an annual sale of 1,120 million yuan and a profit of 242 million yuan.
(iii) The advanced power line is currently mainly a fan-in, downstream application of mobile phones wifi, blue teeth, electricity, etc., with a monthly capacity of around 200,000; the new growth point is in the expansion of the bumping project, which the company planned to deliver in the October announcement.
With $2.35 billion to expand the bumping line, generating an annual sales value of $2.368 billion, and $366 million in profits. Because of the long power takeover and purchase process, Bumping’s production line, the Taiwan plant, was removed.
Financial performance shows that long electricity has grown significantly in the first half of 2017 compared to the same period last year, with newcomers starting to produce products from clients and increased demand for orders; however, the net profit has been realized as a result of the increased operating costs of new plant inputs.
The main operations of the Starcomb operations include advanced sealing, welding and testing services.
Classes, where advanced envelopes account for nearly 50% of the total, fully reflect the technical advantages of Starcomb. From downstream applications, the main market for Starcomb is in mobile communications, and the technological advantages of the advanced suspium seals will become more pronounced as the demand for first-in-the-board envelopes increases in the mobile communications market.
And it's just the lack of advanced encapsulation capabilities, as you can see from the data on yole, that after the M&As, the advanced encapsulations leap to the third largest in the world, reflecting the importance of the advanced envelopes in long-term electricity technology.
Figure 51: After the M&As, long power technology was ranked third in the world in 2015, and long power technology M&As started a series of asset restructurings. This inevitably led to the loss of clients and businesses, while the relocation of the S.H.K. factory in the first half of 2014-2015 also affected operations.
And the most important thing is the loss of the three-star galaxy series's master processor order in early 2015, which led to a serious underutilization of Korea's manufacturing capacity, which was originally used to match the high-star operation. In 2015, the harvest and net profit of the world's starring Kimbon were the lowest in all years. In quantitative terms, the company's 2015 welding covers.
The capacity utilization rate was 57%; the capacity utilization rate for advanced seals was 45.07%, and for tested capacity was only 35.96%, and with the successful integration process, Starcombing began to increase the import of new customers. Between 2016 and 2017, the Starcomb Korea factory introduced three stars, storage customers such as Hercules, and customers of the Bitcoin miner processor;
Long electric technology. Big customers such as Heiss, Sandisk, and Starcomb Singapore have imported large customers such as mtk and nxp. There has been a marked improvement in the degree of homogenization of the customers.
In the case of high-profile orders from large clients, the company ' s fund-raising project expanded its capacity from 4,000 per week to 9,000 per week. The bulk of the additional capacity was held by high-profile companies, and the orders began to rise up gradually, with a total of $70 million (approximately $473 million equivalent to RMB) in the third quarter of 2016, with a further increase in the fourth quarter.
Eventually, in 2016, Starcomb lost 26.73% more than in the same year. The company’s financial performance was qualitatively reduced in 2017, as a result of the relocation of Shanghai’s plant; the high end of Andre’s mobile phone in the main downstream market was affected by the crowding effect of iphonex, which resulted in an inadequate performance of production capacity; and other products and customers.
Household development is still in the import phase, and it takes some time. In the three quarters of 2017, with a slight increase in revenue, the losses increased. It is expected that, in the fourth quarter of 2017, due to the completion of the Shanghai plant relocation, production began.
Next, we will split the operations of each of the plants. The Singapore plant at Starcomb is analysing Singapore’s products, mainly the ewlb envelope and chip test business. 53 million dollars were lost in the third quarter of 2017.
The deficit is expected to shrink further in the fourth quarter as compared to the 61 million lost in the second quarter. The loss is due mainly to the impact of the crowding out of iphonex, which resulted in an inadequate high end Andre's mobile market in 2017, which led to a combination of productivity.
A state-of-the-art package, mainly for high-end mobile main processor. It's no exaggeration to say that the ewlb line is the absolute core competitiveness of Starcomb. Long-power technology has given enough attention to the ewlb line after the M&A purchase of Starcomb. One of the proposed additions published in April 2016 is the investment of $1.33 billion to expand the ewlb line from its capacity.
Another feature of the ewlb is that it has a larger start-up investment, with depreciation of the ewlb line accounting for more than 30 per cent of the cost; similarly, as a state-of-the-art encapsulation, ecp has a lower depreciation of about 25 per cent: whereas the depreciation of the original long power technology as a share of the cost is only in the area of competitive advantage: the ewlb is one of thefan-outs, first developed by the English flyer and authorized for the Starcombing,
Nanium, Sunshine, Sunshine and Sunshine. Starring Kimbon was one of the first companies to invest in Fan-out capacity around the world. In 2014, only two of the world’s fanbuns and nanium were able to produce.
Long-range electrical technology requires long-form wrappers of 8,000 units per week; secure, with a capacity of about 5,000 units per week; power, with a capacity of about 5,000 units per week; and solar and moon light, with an unknown capacity, which is also officially invested this year in the fanout production line.
Science and technology have been pursued by the international giants, maintaining a leading position on the fan-out envelope.
-Mobileandwireless {bbandwirelesssoc-rftransceivers}
With regard to the expansion of capacity, Starfleet has now been expanded to 8,000 cards per week, followed by investment in panel-class envelopes. While panel manufacturing can take full advantage of the technological accumulation of crystal circle seals (wlp), it can be accompanied by the use of basic equipment similar to pcb/plate displays/photos, which can further reduce costs.
Hsing Kim Peng Korea is the largest containment plant in Hsing Kim Pong, the main product of which is a back-up, for the cellular processor that Hseng delivers to the Samsung.
In 2015, Samsung did not use a high-tech snapdragon 810 processor on a new generation of power mainframes, Galaxys6, instead of his own exynos 7420, which led to a sharp decline in high-access operations at Samsung. This led to a significant underutilization of Korea’s manufacturing capacity, which had previously been used as a complement to the High-Star operation.
Since 2016, the Starcomb Korea plant has been importing three stars, storage customers like Hercules, and a bitcoin miner processor to optimize its client structure. Meanwhile, the three-star Galaxys 8 series is on the national bank and the American version.
The reboot of the popular snapdragon 835 processor in the Japanese version has enabled Samsung’s Korean factory operations to resume. Currently, Korea’s factory collection rate remains high, at around 36%, and the market for mobile phones is highly correlated.
Long power technology has cost about 200 million people. Three quarters of the time, thanks to the use of the Bitcoin processor sealing operations, the losses have been significantly reduced, 2017 due to the continued heat of the Bitcoin processor, and storage customers like Hercules are beginning to do so.
With optimism, q4 is expected to lose in 2017. In 2018, Korean factories will continue to be imported into large clients of the non-cell industry, with Hsing Kim Ping Shanghai/Engang Jin-Peng's analysis, and Hsing Kim Peng's Shanghai factory's main product will be reloading and wire-laying. Previously, due to the construction of the Silong Bridge area in Shanghai.
The relocation was officially launched in November 2016 and moved to Jiangyang headquarters in September 2017. The relocation seriously affected the income and profits of the Shanghai/Gang Shauko factory.
The company accumulated a loss of $335 million, of which $415 million was collected in a single season in three quarters, at a loss of $180 million. After the relocation, the company ' s capacity was also underutilized, and the skills of new recruits took time to improve. While the relocation process affected the company ' s performance, the relocation to Jiangyang also had many advantages for the company: 1. Shanghai
The move into the plant is conducive to a one-stop service built into a bumping to a reloading system with advanced power and medium- and long-core electrical seals, with lower human costs, materials, electricity, etc. In the case of electricity, Shanghai costs 75 cents and Jiangsu 68 cents. It takes about 1 million degrees to start a day.
Listed companies are also actively importing new customers, such as Heiss, Sandisk, and so on. With the increase in capacity utilization, we expect the losses at the q4 q4 q4 Qing Pong Gang Shack Factory to shrink.
On November 17, 2015, Long Power International set up a fully-owned subsidiary, jsk, the main product of which is sip, which is under construction in the first half of 2016 and is now in production in July. In the first half of 2017, the lower performance of jsck continued to fall due to delays in the production of new mobile phones. In the second half of the year, the performance of jsck began to climb.
The trend began in September, when q3’s performance covered the year’s losses. According to our latest estimate, the three mobile phone products of the longline clients will reach 42 million q4 in 2017 and 25 million by the end of the year.
In addition to this, in 2014, the fully-owned company, Long-Technology International, and China-Cayman, formed a joint venture division with China-Cayman, mainly to build the bumping line to host the medium-course process of Central-Cycle-Cycle International, which is currently 10,000 units per month (12 inches), with a projected capacity utilization rate of 30-40%. As the 28 nanometer operation at China-Cryp-Cym International was in 2017,3
Business Outlook 2018: New clients, new markets on the road Simple synthesizing the performance outlook of the various sections: In the old power technology, there has been a steady increase in the performance of the Xiangzhou plant, but this has been modest due to the absence of an extension plan;
In 2017, the plant achieved a reversal of losses, which will lead to a gradual increase in the profit rate to the industry average; with the expansion of fund-raising projects, the growth of the long-term state-of-the-art harvest will continue at a rapid rate, but the profit rate will be affected by the time it takes to climb up the yield; and there are plans for expansion of the capacity of the Jiang Yin Ministry.
Starcomb production capacity and the roll-out of Andre high-end mobile phones in the second half of 2017 will further narrow down the losses of factory q4 in Singapore, while the Korean plant will also lose in q4 as a result of the growth of the bitcoin and storage operations and the revival of the high-speed Samsung industry; the Jiangyang factory is still in the production capacity climb phase, so q4
Looking forward to 2018, because of the high proportion of mobile phone operations currently in the field, mobile phone operations tend to be the second half of the first half of the year, and the second half of the year. We expect a balance of gains and losses to be achieved in 2018.
From 2016 to 2017, three stars, storage customers such as Hercules, and mine processors such as Bitcoin; major customers such as Heiss, Sandisk, etc., were introduced at the Hong Kong factory.
In addition to this, the recent solar and moon acquisition of silicons will also drive the big clients of chip design companies to switch orders. By the year below, the relationship has been polarized and will ease in 2016, and there will be greater uncertainty about future integration.
In Heath, for example, Heath's processor is now mainly encapsulated in silicon, of which 970 are used mainly in p systems around 10,000. The value of a single chip covers is $1.7, which would bring about 34 million encumbrances of silicon alone.
The low- and medium-end are used by a combination of americium and a high-access processor, with about 65 million medium- and low-end mobile phones expected to be delivered using a neptunium processor, and a single chip envelope estimated at $1.4. A single-hull encapsulation operation could reach $125 million.
4. Light-loaded, long-tech opens the debt thinner, and the projections of long-tech panels are analysed, so the liability of long-power technology is analysed in detail below. By comparing the three-fee levels of individual sealers, we do not have an explicit financial statement on the unit.
Long-power technology uses the equivalent of "interest expenditure + exchange loss - interest income - exchange gains and losses" to derive financial costs, whereas the US shares are not listed for three fees, one of which is "selling, genderlandadministive".
We see it as the sum of overheads and sales costs, and the financial costs are calculated by “interestexpense, includedparty” minus “forignturency (gain)loses”, which can eventually be found in the table below.
As can be seen, the share of sales costs in the major seal plants is around 1%; while the management costs of the three largest domestic plants are higher than those of the Taiwan enterprises, mainly because the management costs in the domestic accounting standards include R & D. Excluding R & D costs, the operating income from the running costs of long electricity technology will decline to 5%.
In terms of financial costs, in 2016, the ratio of the financial cost of long electricity technology to the industry was 5.03%. The financial cost items included interest expenditure, interest income, exchange gains and losses.
And one of the liabilities is $425 million in high-interest debt, with interest rates exceeding 8%, which would severely affect the company’s interest spending.
On the whole, there are currently $75 million in priority bills, $425 million in high-interest debt, $315 million in exit loans, $200 million in permanent bonds, and some $100 million in liquidity loans. Companies have repaid $100 million in loans at the end of August, and 75 million in priority bills have been redeemed at the end of September.
Of this, $425 million in high-interest debt began to fall in November 2018, in addition to Starfleet. The company had previously applied for $120 million in syndicates and loans for a holding subsidiary, jcest-sc, which had been raised in the second quarter through a set-up.
It is expected that the additional funds raised will give priority to the repayment of domestic loans. Policy banks, such as bankers, will give companies interest rates of only about 2%, and a series of debt swaps will be available.
5. Profit forecasting and valuation.
In terms of the scale of the operation, the global share of long electricity technology in 2016 was 11.2%, the third highest in the world; in terms of national strategic status, with the announcement of 30 September, the Foundation became the first major shareholder of long electricity technology, which will also carry the weight of the country's seal industry.
In terms of industrial status, the close collaboration between long-power technology and middle-crystal international has brought into line the concept of virtual idm. Long-power technology, the collaboration between the country’s first plant and the first crystallized plant, will greatly contribute to each other’s development.
As we predict that the sealing industry will reach a full price rise in 2018, for three reasons: partial segmentation of semiconductors such as storage and high growth of auto electrons; advanced encapsulation trends in the direction of heterogeneity as the final orientation of the sealing industry; and increased value of the sealing industry as mergers and acquisitions were consolidated.
Long-power technology is well-placed in a segmented market, advanced sealing, and will benefit most from future price increases. Increased capacity utilization offers an opportunity to reverse performance: long-power technology performance is growing steadily, long-term electricity is advanced, and the river has become more sophisticated.
In the last two years, companies have accumulated new customers in areas such as import storage, auto electronics, and bitcoin miner processors.
Large markets have effectively reduced the concentration of downstream markets, thereby increasing capacity utilization. At the same time, in September 2017, after the relocation of the S.C.U.P., the capacity utilization began to climb.
In 2017, three-quarterly reports reported asset indebtedness rates of 70.12% for long electricity and technology, well above the industry average. To reduce the ratio of production and debt, companies have also been active in repaying loans, including through targeted increases, and applying for low-interest-rate loans for debt swaps.
With a rate of only about 2%, the successor company can effectively reduce its financial costs through a series of loan repayments and debt swaps.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.