Summary of events: On 27 April, the company released its 2021 annual report, which generated revenue during the reporting period.
\triangleright Power \triangleright Discreet: January/February 2022, national regulation of wind power, average light voltage per hour and ratio \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The high price of 3gw sea wind and wind power contributed to the company ' s q1 battalion gaining faster than the power increase by 5.2 pct. Total stock of projects under construction and approval exceeded 26gw: as at the end of 2021, the company was planning projects under construction
1. Investment strategy for the electricity sector in 2022: After the shutdown, the installed capacity exceeds 11 gw, with wind power exceeding 5 gw and photovoltaic exceeding 6 gw; the planned installed capacity of the new nuclear-related quasi-projects in 2021 exceeds 15 gw, with wind and light exceeding 3 gw and 12gw, respectively.
Completely constructed, the company’s installed capacity will reach nearly 50gw. Compared to green power industry and the transformation of green power from fire to power, it is unusual for a company to have completed its 2021 loading plan goal; and to observe the company’s development process, which is forward-looking to target planning and the implementation of the target.
The price parity process has accelerated, and the sea wind is expected to grow faster than expected: in the Shanghai Golden Mountain offshore wind and wind phase, which completed the tender in March, the company-led consortium won the declared price of 0.302/kWh. This price is 0.1135/kWh lower than the Shanghai coal base price, far beyond market expectations.
(b) Partners in the consortium have been or will be instrumental in building, operating or contributing to later stages of construction. \triangleright
The company’s ability is questionable, but its ability to implement its objectives is not well understood across the course of its development. Given the unexpectedness of the sea-winding process, the company’s profit forecast is adjusted to take into account the pre-arranged amount of electricity and the price of electricity, pre/triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.