Three gorges energy (600905), wind-loading machines, three gorges energy, active development of wind power, photovoltaic power on land, intensive development.
During the first quarter of the year, the company achieved operating income of $5,789 million, an increase of 51.84 per cent; net return profits were realized; offshore wind power promoted deep integration and complementarities in the supply of the source network, and active extraction of water storage, storage, storage, etc.
Businesses such as hydrogen energy. The company’s efforts to build production around the strategic objectives of the Three Windy Gorges and the Wind Leaders in the Sea have largely benefited from a significant increase in business earnings and profits during the reporting period.
In our view, the significant growth in revenue and profits during the reporting period has largely benefited from a reasonable industry structure, good asset quality, high economic efficiency, and a state-of-the-art, world-class new energy source, billions of yuan, an increase of 56.26 per cent over the same period.
Significant increase in wind and light installed capacity: 1) operating income is determined mainly by the size of the installed aircraft, the number of hours used by the equipment, and the price of electricity on the Internet. The total stock held at the end of 21 years amounted to 22.9gw, a significant increase of 7.3gw ' s additional installed capacity compared to the 15.6gw at the beginning of the reporting period, an increase of 46.8%, close to half of the historical installed machine, right.
The growth in corporate operating income and profits was decisive: using an hour-to-hour perspective, 21 years of average wind-to-power use was 2314h, 77h more than in the previous year, 1385h more than in the previous year; affected by unsubsidized electricity prices for the implementation of some of the new wind-to-light projects, 21 years of average electricity prices
Photovoltaic electricity prices fell by 2.69 per cent and 11.65 per cent, respectively, resulting in a 5.11 per cent decline in combined electricity prices. We believe that a significant increase in the size of the installed machinery and a large increase in the number of hours used by the equipment on a year-on-year basis offsets the impact of a drop in electricity prices, resulting in a significant increase in operating income and profits throughout the year.
Technology advances in the wind and light-voltage industry, space for loading in the context of double-carbon policies, and market-based trading elasticity of electricity prices are expected to fully benefit the industry. With the wind engine booming, rapid propulsion and optimisation of different technology paths of light-voltage batteries, the current wind-fired electricity costs are high.
The rapid decline has increased the economics of new energy generation. The equipment unit, as a new energy power operator, is the most important component of the initial investment costs, and has benefited fully from large-scale precipitation and photovoltaic component price reductions. According to the Global Energy Internet Development Cooperation, wind/light fittings are projected to be in our country by 2030 and 2060.
The total number of machines will reach 810.25 billion kW and 2,538 million kW, respectively, on the basis of which we project a 10-fold increase in the capacity of wind lights over the next 40 years, with a large size that will be strongly supported by downstream operators for the construction of power plants. At the same time, some of the recent green-trade prices for electricity on the Internet have reached coal-fired targets.
We believe that, along with the marketization of future electricity prices, the elasticity is expected to increase and generate income elasticity for the operators, and that future wind operators will benefit fully as leaders of domestic wind operators and ocean wind leaders, and we view the company as a powerful shareholder.
As a strategic implementer of the new energy business of the gengzy@dxzq.net.cn Tri-Tribunal Group, the installation of 50gw during the 14th Five-Year Plan, 21.
S1480120070028 The Division's additional installation of 7.3gw has exceeded the company's expected development target of no less than 5gw, and we have developed a number of full-scale technological explorations in the field of deep-deeper wind and power at sea, according to our pioneers in wind and wind.
National demonstration engineering projects and the construction of niche industrial parks, 21 years of additional offshore wind-power capacity 4.58gw, increasing the national market share by 2.5 pct to 17.34 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a stronger leader.) We appreciate the company ' s strong resource reserves and financial strength: 1) during the reporting period, new project approvals were approved by the company.
/Recording, new construction targets exceeded 16gw and received 6.85 million kilowatt base projects in the country ' s first large wind and light voltage project of about 100 million kilowatts.) In 21 years, the company allocated 1,083 million cash dividends.
Renewable energy subsidy arrears are gradually being resolved, and corporate cash flows are expected to improve. In our view, in the context of the rapid growth of the industry, the company is expected to benefit fully from the development of the industry as a leader in its operation of new energy sources.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the research assistant's profile, Gently Yo.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports three gorges of energy (600905): the wind and light engines are growing dramatically, and long-term planning is so certain that there will be no change in the information and advice they contain. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the views, conclusions and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.