Gwangzhouticimaticalstechnology (002709/ch) 23h1 equal to 5.5.67 per cent of the net profit of the mother, with no more than $5.978 billion to be released from gdr 23h1netprofit-55.67 per cent Yoy & Toissuanceofgdratoraimorethanim 5.978bn
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
2023h1 net profit from parentage decreased by 55.67% on a year-on-year basis. 2023h1, the company achieved a better operating income than the big market ' s outperform 55.97%. The sales of core products continued to grow, with electrolyte and positive materials of iron phosphate.
Sales grew by about 39 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the profits of the electrolyte product unit of 23h1 fluctuated owing to the impact of various factors, such as price fluctuations in raw materials.
The company's current release is gdr: msciesgresearchchllc.reproducedbypermission; no more than RMB578 million.
Rrm69.14bn/us $9.53bn is raised in United States dollars, and the sum of the sum raised is to be used to produce 300,000 tons of lithium per year in Morocco, after deducting the cost of distribution.
The material project, the Texas Tsang Tsai Production 200,000 tons of electrolyte, the Sichuan Myeongsan Production 300,000 tons of electrolyte per year, the Guangdong Jiangmen Tsang Tsang Production 200,000 tons of lithium ion electrolyte, and so on.
It is then proposed to be used for the development of company-owned operations, to promote the globalization of the company and to strengthen the company ' s capacity to produce and supplement the company ' s operating capital in the production of lithium ion cell electrolyte, lithium hexafluorate, lithium phosphate, and the production of lithium phosphate material.
• Lithium ion battery materials are being laid overseas and new operations are well under way. 1) Overseas layouts are well under way, corporate European localization customers are being imported, German Oem plants are starting to produce and supply bulk production; North American electrolyte projects are continuing, project sites are being selected, land is being purchased, etc.
Item 23H1 follows one another. 2) New business is moving forward, lithium carbonate is being produced successfully, and companies have developed business layouts such as battery dismantling and recycling, and lithium high carbonate is being purified to achieve efficient resource use and deeper industrial circulation.
Sodium ion cell electrolyte solutions and a technological reserve of core materials, sodium hexafluorate and nafsi, are available to enable a rapid shift in production to existing production lines. Sales are growing steadily, companies adjust marketing strategies in a timely manner, and they are flexible and targeted.
2) With regard to new products, the company 23h1 focuses on client certification and capacity planning and construction, while the coating and some of the glue products have been certified and sold in bulk, relying on a stable partnership between the company and the customers of the core lithium battery.
The customer validation and use of the conductor glue is being accelerated, and it is expected that the product sales will continue at 23h2.