The "brain" of the diverse layout, the "beautiful" group research brief, the "beautiful group" research brief, the "beautiful group."
Jung Yong-seok's group is a global technology group, the only domestic electricity industry in the country.
The US’s close-to-the-market approach reflects its unique core competitiveness at every stage of the country’s electricity sector’s development to date. Keeping up with market changes and creating global branding clusters.
At this stage, America’s investment in and acquisition of high-technology firms and high-end home-power manufacturers abroad has led to high-end, whole-chain branding.
It's a product priority, and it's a product priority. It's a product priority. It's a product priority.
A system of meta-business development; a robotics industry, which opens up a second runway; an efficiency-driven approach that improves internal management mechanisms and upstream/downstream synergies. A company in the United States has developed a mature system of career management.
The company’s profit projections and investment ratings. We expect the company’s operating income to be different from 2017 to 2019.
“The United States Group (000333),” 2017 semi-annual review: Growth with steady growth and a positive strategy for globalization,2 “The United States Group” (000333); “Small rice technology with hands”;
Intelligent power goes to the new steps of 2014-12-15.
The core competitiveness of the home-owned electric poles that shape the global whole-of-industry chain is the United States of America, a global technology group whose product lines and industrial chains cut across electrical, heating and air-conditioning, robotics and automated systems are the only domestic home-of-business conglomerates in the entire chain and whole-product line of the electricity industry.
American companies have developed a unique core competitiveness through decades of development experience in the home-based electricity industry. High homogenization of electricity products, similar levels of inter-firm technology, and success in a home-based enterprise are not limited to the development of a successful product or a wave of market opportunities.
It's about core competitiveness that brings firm and sustained growth capacity to firms as domestic and foreign markets evolve. East's rich and intelligent, and beautiful home-based electricity industries are valuable, scarce, irreplaceable, and imitative.
We believe that America’s core competitiveness lies in three main areas: keeping pace with market changes and creating global brand clusters;
To maintain research and development and innovation and create diversified product lines in the entire industrial chain; To operate efficiency-driven and improve internal management mechanisms and upstream-downstream systems of synergy.
In keeping with the changes in the market and creating a global branding cluster, the United States has made a great deal of choice. Since the reform and opening of the United States, China's income levels have been rising, the middle class has been rising, and my country's electricity industry has been growing.
After import, surrogate production, technology joint ventures and co-operation, self-introduction, the fall in foreign competitiveness, the growing share of domestic markets, and the emergence of a competitive class of leading firms, represented by the United States, were determined to be America’s champions.
In the course of its development, the United States Group has taken a tight grip on the characteristics and elements of competition at different stages of development in the domestic electricity sector, adapting its policies and strategies to the competitive environment of different industries and achieving sustained growth of the Group. Since 2013, we have grouped the changes in the timely development strategies of the United States into several stages:
In the early years of the domestic electricity industry, China’s market was dominated by imports, and the United States’ global industrial ladder distribution was located in the world’s factories, dominated by oem processing. With the cost advantages of cheap production factors, rapid scale-up and gradual learning of technologies and processes in the process of surrogates, the international industrial chain was well established.
The growth phase: rapid growth in the industry during product diffusion, with prices as the main competitive factor. The American blocs, by expanding their capacity to produce, implement large scale-oriented growth that reduces costs by virtue of size advantage.
In the category of plentiful products, corporate income has grown rapidly with industry growth. The struggle phase: industry has slowed down after industry has reached maturity, and companies have gradually explored new business approaches and strategies, moving from a scale-led, broad-based expansion to a scale-effective approach.
The restructuring phase: higher costs for the domestic electricity sector, the phasing out of rough businesses, and higher concentration of industries. The US began to upgrade its product power in the price wars, when the growth in corporate revenue was largely due to increased concentration in the industry.
The United States enhances product competitiveness through the introduction of external technology and quality control, controls manufacturing costs, reduces operating costs, and strengthens cost-leading strategies. Transition phase: before and after 2011, the air-conditioning sector became fully mature and industry growth stagnated.
Three strategies, “Leadership, efficiency drive, and global operations,” propose differentiated strategies that will lead to full competitiveness in an era of universal closure and rising consumption. And comprehensive changes in production and operations that will increase internal efficiency.
The US group seized the opportunity at this stage to acquire high-tech firms and high-end home-power manufacturers abroad, and to create high-end, full-product chain branding clusters.
2.2 Distribute overseas, compatible M&As, brand clusters, and create multi-level brand clusters through M&As, market niches, and development across the board. The United States takes advantage of the current trend towards globalization in the telecom sector, bringing in a large number of high-end brands through collaboration, acquisitions, etc., and home-owned end brands with the United States.
Together, it creates a diversified brand of business and a cluster advantage. Through joint ventures with Ileks, Germany’s high-end appliance brand aeg has been introduced to enhance America’s competitiveness in the field of cooking and electricity, and with Korea’s cool morning joint venture, to produce high-end Kuchen cooking and cooking products, to further expand the market share of small household electricity.
The great source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the beautiful group (000333), the vanguard of a diversified layout, the great source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
3. To maintain R & D and innovation and create diversified product lines in the whole industry chain, 3.1 consolidate resources, continuously develop, prioritize products, prioritize products, and maintain a competitive advantage for the United States.
In the first place, a sustained increase in R & D investment and product development, focusing on R & D innovation and building up globally competitive research centres have been established in eight countries around the world, with over 10,000 R & D staff, over 300 foreign senior specialists, over 10,000 R & D staff, and 10 per cent of development practitioners.
In order to ensure that the product concept meets market requirements, the product design is the most effective, and product development in the United States is based on the real needs of users, spreading to the four directions of concept (concept), design (design), optimization and capacity (capability), with cdoc as a practical approach.
Through a great deal of practical research, users' real needs are identified, their professional strengths are mobilized, and their personal needs are more accurately met.
The American group, with its central research institute at its core, continues to improve the research and development system of the Ministry of Industry, focusing on advanced technology research, and the medium- and long-term technological reserve.
Together with strengthening the layout of global R & D centres, companies have also focused heavily on the transformation of R & D outcomes by introducing a series of innovative products such as the first smart King Air Conditioner in the industry, 6d live water heaters, high-tempertete steam cleaners, precision and dry-cleaning machines, vacuum ih smarts, microwaves, fresh feather fans, etc.
3.2 Whole-chain layout, product diversity, internal and external group camps covering all-industry chains, whole-product lines, and domestic and foreign operations.
There are 15 production bases in the country, 6 production bases abroad, and more than 10 well-known national and international brands.
Figure 12: Share of businesses in the United States in 2017 (estimated) The reliance on air-conditioning services has gradually diminished in recent years. The business income structure of the United States has been diversified, with electricity for everyone, accounting for about 60% of total business income, followed by electricity for small households, accounting for about 25% of total business in 2016.
The cleaning, ice, small household appliances account for 10.08 per cent, 9.36 per cent, 27.08 per cent, air conditioning and spare parts account for 41.78 per cent, respectively, of the income of the main battalion operations. In 2017, the Kuka operations accounted for 10.89 per cent of the income of the main battalion operations, resulting in less than 40 per cent air conditioning in United States operations, further reducing the reliance on air conditioning services.
3.2.1 The domestic market is strong and the market share of the core products of United States companies is strong. The three major white power businesses in the United States are well-established as a double-digit oligarch, and the share of air conditioning and washing machines has risen from 21.6 per cent to 23.9 per cent and 16.8 per cent, respectively, from 2013 to 2016.
The market share of refrigerators rose rapidly from 10.5% in 2016 to 23%. The market share of household small appliances, including rice, electromagnetic stoves, electric pressure cookers, and water kettles, has been stable for many years and has risen steadily.
An efficient and integrated whole-of-industry layout creates strong market competitiveness. The leading share of the market is supported by the development of manufacturing techniques for core components such as the industry’s leading compressors, electric machines, electrical controls, magnetic tubes, combined with powerful flows, sales, service capabilities and branding effects, forming the only key components in the country and whole-of-the-board R&D, manufacturing and marketing.
An industry-wide chain that allows companies to provide a comprehensive and competitive mix of products with internal synergies in terms of branding effects, size bargaining, user demand extraction, and R & D inputs.
The United States Group (000333). The “brain” of a diversified layout leads the way. Figure 14: Production bases throughout the country. 3.2.2 Foreign influence is rising and overseas operations are developing rapidly.
The growth of overseas market operations has been rapid. Significant growth in operating income and the share of overseas operating income in total income have been high. Total operating income in overseas markets has risen from $29,451 million in 2010 to $6,412 billion in 2016, increasing incentives and global markets to build a globalized production and marketing system.
The United States has about 120,000 employees, about 200 subsidiaries and 10 strategic business units; overseas production bases in Viet Nam, Belarus, Egypt, Brazil, Argentina, India. More than 300 million users are served every year.
It is hoped that America’s future overseas market share and operating income will expand further, and that it will continue its efforts to develop into a global lead-in-house business. East’s financial and intellectual boom is a source of growth.
3.2.3 The robotics industry, which creates a second runway, has become a global trend. Robots have the advantage of lower labour costs, efficiency, and ease of management, and have great industrial potential. Between 2016 and 2017, the global number of robots grew by as much as 12%.
In 2016, China sold 870 million robots, far above the US sales of 314.4 million machines and 56.43 million in Europe. According to International Federation data, at the end of 2017, there will be 2 million plant robots worldwide, and more than 400,000 Chinese robots.
China’s robot market has great potential for growth, and in the future there will be more home-grown robot suppliers. Competition between foreign capital and Chinese home-grown robot suppliers.
The data show that China’s local suppliers’ share of the market was 30% in 2016, and that the robotics sector of the same group was set up in 2015 compared to that of the United States in 2015 to expand its operations in the robot market. Since 2012, the US has invested nearly 5 billion yuan in internal automation, using nearly 1,000 robots.
The benefits of the United States, through the acquisition of the Kuka, are mainly in three areas:
I. Optimizing the existing production lines. The Kuka’s experience with industrial robotics can help the U.S. to significantly increase production automation, reduce production costs, and upgrade the efficiency of corporate manufacturing. II. Expanding the scope of industrial and service robotic operations.
Together with America’s expertise in electricity manufacturing, marketing, and marketing in China, the first technology is to create a vast market for Chinese robots and explore the space for further penetration of robots in the domestic electricity industry. Thirdly, to promote the development of American group logistics.
An automated solution provider for a medical, warehousing and distribution centre whose technology could be used by a consortium in the United States to further enhance the efficiency of its logistics company's automated logistics warehousing transport, thereby enhancing America's operational efficiency and capacity. 4. Performance of efficiency drivers, improvement of internal management mechanisms and upstream-downstream synergies.
4.1 Continue to refine long-term incentives, corporate governance is on the top of the ladder, and companies have developed mature management systems for career managers. Using performance-oriented evaluation and incentive systems, they provide a platform for the exercise and growth of corporate career managers.
Over 15 years of work, with a wealth of industry and management experience, and with a strong managerial profile. The industry manager system has improved the quality of America’s management and sustained the firm’s long-term steady growth.
Fang Hongbo, Yin Bing, Chu Feng Tao
Vice-President & Vice-President & General Manager of Domestic Air Conditioning
Mr. Wang Jin Liang, Chief Executive Officer of the original electronics
Vice-President, Director of the Domestic Market,
Li Fei De, Vice President, Vice President
Director of the Central Institute, Director General of Corporate Operations, Xiao Myung-gwang.
Board composition: 3 executive directors + 2 non-executive directors + 4 sole proprietorships
The way in which performance is tied, equity is phased and locking is extended to stimulate long-term value growth between management and the company