The heavy-card industry has arrived and the "National Car Chief" is expected to reboot.
The first is the country’s long-standing and highly technologically advanced middle-carat industry, which was re-listed in 2020 and transformed into commercial vehicle research and development, production and marketing. The company’s products were distributed in a comprehensive manner, with heavy cards, medium cards, and light cards moving in parallel, with a total of 18.7 per cent of the country’s heavy-cargo market in 2022.
It's getting weaker, it's getting smaller, it's getting better, it's getting better at selling, and it's getting better. We're looking at the firm's concentration of competition in the domestic heavy-card sector, which is about 90% in the city of Cr5, in 2022, and we're looking at the pattern of competition in the country's heavy-card sector.
The semi-trailer accounts for the largest share of the domestic heavy-card market. The heavy-card sector reached a record high between 2020 and 2021, with sales held between the second half of 2021 and the end of 2022 under the influence of the demand of six countries that promote the distribution of surplus.
The market for heavy cards sold about 772,000 vehicles (business starter caliber), with a 58% increase in the ring, a 30% increase in the same year, and monthly wholesale data for the past two years, for the first time, ended a 21-month decline. Looking ahead, the overdraft effect will gradually weaken, add up export growth, and the volume of heavy card sales is expected to recover.
• One gas emancipates all new energy, smart car layouts, equity incentives to rejuvenate new energy, smart car layouts. Companies continue to strive to create clean and efficient pure electric power, securities research papers.
A mix of hybrid power, helium fuel cell vehicle products, followed by the introduction of new energy products such as j6p pure electric self-dismantling vehicles, jh6 pure electric tractors, and j6l fuel cell vans. In addition, a joint venture between the company and the Ninder era focused on post-energy market operations.
The country’s middle and middle-heavy truck leaders are actively promoting the exploration of new energy industries, with a long history of national capital and a well-structured product mix.
In the 1980’s, under China’s reform and opening policy, a second generation of ca141 trucks was developed and produced. At the end of the 1990’s, autonomous research and development produced third- and fourth-generation products and achieved a card.
The dieselization of vehicle production and the transformation of the headlines have begun in 2014, with the introduction of a heavy vehicle-based, medium-sized, heavy-duty, light-developed product pattern. One emancipated vehicle has been re-listed and new energy operations have continued to be explored.
In September 2021, the company launched a new energy strategy, creating a new Ministry of Energy to move into a new energy exploration. On August 18, 2022, a gas liberation and a joint venture in the Ninder era created the Emancipation era.
On February 26th, a gas-free “super-plant” was officially launched, a milestone in China’s overall industrial development, and a new starting point for an ambitious and re-emerged drive for the liberation of self-empowerment. Figure 1: Re-opening the market in 2020 with a gas-liberated business transformed into research and development, production and marketing of commercial vehicles
Product layout is comprehensive, with heavy cards, medium cards, and light cards coming together. In the area of heavy cards, one gas is a series of seven products: towed, loaded, offloaded, earmarked, new energy sources, light cards, passenger vehicles. With "safe, reliable, energy-efficient, comfortable, efficient" technical skills and excellence, it has gained the confidence of a wide range of users. In the area of heavy cards, there are j7, eagles, jh6,
J6v, j6p, Humvee V6 product platforms: in the area of medium-card, there are 4 product counters: in the area of light cards, there are 3 product platforms of lead, j6f, Tigerv: in the area of passenger vehicles, covering a wide range of product areas such as road, bus and rental vehicles.
Figure 2: Corporate product layout is comprehensive, with heavy cards, medium cards, and light cacads running in parallel, with a large number of affiliates and shareholdings under the banner of the Liberator Group. There are a large number of affiliates under the banner of the Liberator Group.
New Energy Automotive Marketing Ltd., etc.: The major players in this company are the limited Department for the Processing and Distribution of Steels from the Saddles, the one-air Finance Company, etc. Figure 3: A number of affiliates under the flag of Liberator Group, a large number of participating companies
1.2. After restructuring, there has been a significant increase in revenue, with commercial vehicle demand volatile, placing a pressure on performance in 2022. In 2020, the economy was re-listed with a total business income of $113,681 million, a significant increase over the same period.
In 2022, there was a marked decline in demand in the commercial car market and corporate performance was under pressure. In 2021, companies achieved a net return profit, heavy card industries concentrated on competitive patterns, the climate was expected to pick up 2.1, the domestic heavy truck industry was concentrated, and semi-trailers dominated the country.
Competition patterns in the domestic heavy-card sector were concentrated, with the city of Cr5 accounting for nearly 9% in 2022. According to data from companies, the concentration of competition patterns in the domestic heavy-card market rose from 82.7% in 2018 to 87.4% in 2022.
Wholesale markets account for the first three, heavy-gas groups, east wind groups, and one gas emancipation, with 23.6%, 18.9%, and semi-trailer vehicles, by type of vehicle, which account for the largest share of the domestic heavy-card market. By type of vehicle, the heavy-trailer can be divided into semi-trailer, rectangular truck and heavy-card incomplete vehicles, with half-trailer vehicles in the country starting in 2014.
In 2022, half of the country’s heavy-cars market accounted for 44.4 per cent, 25.0 per cent, 30.6 per cent and the turning point, and the heavy-car industry is expected to recover.
A large number of factors contributed to a sharp decline in the volume of heavy card sales in 2022. In 2020, the volume of heavy card sales rose by 16.17 million, an increase of 37.7 per cent compared with the previous year.
In February 2023, the country’s heavy-card sector experienced a positive monthly turnover, recovery or gradual opening. According to SICA data, in February 2023, the heavy-card market sold about 772,000 vehicles (business starters’ calibers), with a 58 per cent increase in the ring comparison, an increase of 30 per cent, ending a 21-month decline. Looking ahead, the impact of the epidemic has diminished,
In the context of the gradual elimination of the overdraft effect, the volume of heavy card sales is expected to resume growth. 3, 1-breath emancipation: the product matrix is comprehensive, the new energy, smart vehicle layouts are accelerated, 3.1-breeding industries are comprehensive, and the product matrix is comprehensive.
In addition to the traditional energy sector, in the new energy layout, a gas release continues to drive a combination of clean and efficient pure electric power, hybrid power, hydrogen fuel cell vehicles, running a J6p pure electric self-dismantling vehicle, a jh6 pure electric tractor, a J6l fuel battery truck, a j6p
Annual launch of high-speed trunking trucks j6vl2+ and j6v super trucks, providing solutions for high-speed trunking scenes. Multi-grade I4 smart products that can be applied to multiple scenarios such as ports, sanitation, ports, etc., with technology at the disposal of 134,000 international heavy-card sales in February 2023, a sharp reduction from January, with a single-month market share.
It's 17.3%, with 1.5 pcts higher than in January. A full-blown free industry.
In February 2023, the “super-power” came to power. The “super-force” began work on September 26, 2020, after 29 months of fighting.
Then it was built, and it was the first major investment project without tin during the "14th Five-Five" period, with a total of 10,000 gas engine test capabilities. Superplants aim at “China First, World First.” They have super-green, super-intelligent, super-intelligence.
The construction of the Super Factory, the downline of the 16l engine product, is a milestone in China’s overall industrial growth and a new starting point for a drive to free its own self-empowerment and to re-emerge.
On August 18, 2022, the “Emancipation, Winning the Future” of the “Emancipation, Winning the Future” joint venture was launched, and the announcement and signing ceremony was held in Shih Dynasty. The “Emancipation of the Car and Ningd” era was to focus on new energy.
Source commercial vehicles operate throughout their life cycle, innovative business models, systems solutions, user pains, full effort to create new industrial ecology, a flag stick to lead the new energy commercial vehicle industry forward, and to enrich and inject new dynamic energy into Hebei Province ' s industrial transformation and high-quality development.
Specifically, the two sides will spend $500 million to focus on the operation of the market after the deployment of new energy sources in order to address the life-cycle pains of clients, providing “three services” for them.
The battery's business programme, which matches diversified financial derivative services, allows clients to significantly reduce their pre-inputs, solve the pains associated with the high initial purchase costs for passenger households, achieves that the initial purchase costs are lower than those for conventional vehicles and use less than those for conventional vehicles, and, in conjunction with the client's business scene, provides custom-changed power station construction and operation services to clients to ensure that customers are fast and fast.
Provision of a full-car rental and lift-over service to allow customers to use it. By building an integrated whole-car rental + power replacement network, client asset occupancy can be significantly reduced, operating model optimized and no down payment made.
Figure 21: Emancipation and the Ninder era joint venture will provide a car-to-car rental and lift service, second-hand vehicle and battery-recycling services, allowing customers to replace them.
Use of the vehicle price assessment system to identify back-to-back purchase prices for used vehicles, provide access to off-line connections on second-hand lines, increase vehicle retention rates, boost confidence in the use of new energy vehicles by clients, and eliminate bad financial system concerns. Figure 22: Second-hand vehicle and battery recovery services will be provided by the Joint Venture of the Emancipation and Ninder Age
3.3. Equity incentives increase motivation, old-fashioned enterprises rejuvenate new dynamism Full motivation of staff, companies use equity incentives to reward talent. To further develop and build strong corporate long-term incentives, fully motivate core and core staff, enhance shareholder value and preserve all
On 13 November of that year, the Equity Incentive Scheme was launched, targeting company directors, senior managers and core technical and managerial staff who have a direct impact on the business performance and sustainability of the Department.
The number of actual subscriptions to restricted stocks was awarded for the first time in this incentive plan, totalling 319. On 6 January 2022, the company disclosed a bulletin on the completion of the registration of restricted stock awards under the first restricted equity incentive scheme.
A total of 33 persons, awarded a total of 3.7216 million shares and awarded a price of $6.38 per share.
The company's focus on market operations after the deployment of new energy sources, the introduction of equity incentives to increase employee motivation, and the promise of a renewed dynamism in the old business sector are expected to help the company better achieve its strategic development objectives by covering, for the first time, the “buy-in” heavy card industry with less than expected growth, higher prices of raw materials, and less than expected sales of the company's middle card.