Events: Eastern wealth securities published unaudited financial statements for 2020, resulting in a total revenue of $4.60 billion
Yuan, 77 per cent increase in the same year; net profit of $2.89 billion, 104 per cent increase in the same year.
+ Under the special operating model of the Internet model, the performance of Eastern Treasury grew significantly, with net profits of between 104% and 2,894 million yuan in 2020. 2) The market share of brokering businesses has been increasing steadily, and revenue from commission promotion has been increasing steadily. As of the end of September 2020, the share of corporate brokerage in the market had risen.
We judge that the future market share of corporate brokerage will continue to rise, and that it will increase efficiency as capital supplements and is expected to join the first line of industry. ▪ Debtable Supplements to Portfolio Operating Capital, with a sustained increase in the two-consistency business: 1) the market share will stabilize.
Upgraded, capital operations continued to flourish. In 2020, the net interest income of the East Bank securities was 1.260 billion yuan, compared with 88%, and the amount of money released was between 87 and 29.7 billion yuan (which is significantly higher than the 1.83% at the end of the year) compared to the beginning of the year, with interest income ranking as q3 at the top 20 of the industry, owing to the combination of business activities.
Brokering lags (the opening conditions require six months of trading in securities) and can only be opened in a securities firm, and we judge that the firm's strong efforts to develop a two-way business can help to improve the high quality of the customer's stickyness (higher risk preferences, relatively more active transactions), with a two-way market share.
The company is about to issue a revolving debt (totalling 15.8 billion yuan) in the near future to raise funds to supplement Eastern wealth securities, of which up to 14 billion yuan will be used to expand the size of the business and raise market shares.
We judge that, with capital replenishments, companies are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.  equity funds are expected to develop a golden development cycle, looking forward to a new era of wealth management: 1) current capital markets enter a golden development period, and equity funds are expected to grow in size and capital markets.
Year after year, the EDF sales went beyond most traditional banking channels and successfully broke the barriers. In the context of the high customer stickyness of the interconnectivity platform, the diversity fund variety and fund data made it more certain that the EWF was growing as a leader in retail wealth management.)
1. Eastern Wealth (300059): The two-fold rise in the formal entry of companies into the wealth management market, as well as the fact that companies exhibit high flows and rapid increases in their municipal position in the area of wealth management, which can be converted into one.
Three natural core advantages of low-cost, high-quality services, future value projections and investment ratings in fund product creation, investment advisers, step-by-step capital strength 2020-10-22: companies can transfer debt to immediate securities operations with enhanced capital strength
Mid-year review: The net profit gain of the mother, further expansion, the build-up of the equity market into the gold development cycle, the firm view of retail wealth management, and the long-term development space 2020-
We're looking forward to long-term development.
Figure 7: Net profit and increase in Eastern European securities 2015-2020 Figure 8: Sales and revenue from Eastern Wealth Fund 2013-2020h1