The result was a significant increase in equity turnover in corporate securities operations, a similar increase in portfolio-related revenues: the same ratio of corporate Internet-based e-commerce platform fund transactions in 2020.
Market-wide stock turnover increased by 62.78 per cent in 2020, driving the securities industry and companies to show total business income of securities subsidiaries of $4,595 million in 2020, an increase of 77.12 per cent in the same year, according to the company ' s " Eastern Wealth Securities Co. Ltd. " released on 19 January 2020, which was not reviewed.
Non-consolidated financial statements, Eastern Wealth Securities Inc. achieved gross operating income of $4,595 million in 2020, an increase of 77.12 per cent in the same year and net profit of $2,894 million, an increase of 104.14 per cent in the same year, which is significantly higher than the increase in total operating income, with a significant scale effect; the net profit rate was as high as 62.98 per cent,
Billion dollars, 87.93 per cent over the same period; net revenue from fees and commissions is 2,993 million yuan over the same period.
The company actively promotes and implements a large platform strategy for Internet services, maintaining its focus on user needs, continuously enhancing innovation in research and development of technology and products, continuously expanding and refining the content of the platform ' s services, and further raising the issue of the army
In September 2020, companies replenished Eastern wealth securities with a total of $7.65 billion, and capital capacity will be further enhanced.
The rapid growth of the securities business will be further promoted, and the integrated competitiveness of Eastern wealth securities will be enhanced.
With the healthy development of China’s capital markets, the future growth space for companies is broader.
The increase in stock exchanges in the domestic stock market was lower than expected; changes in industrial regulatory policies; strong competition in the fund exchange market; an increase in the stock market’s share rate; and the pace of expansion of the new business were less than expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, presented the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are derived from compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and draws conclusions and conclusions through reasonable judgement that are not directed or influenced by any third party.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.