January 25th, 2021 Eastern Wealth (300059.sz)
The company takes advantage of the Internet to achieve a continuous leap forward in its business, and the corporate flag goes down.
In terms of sales, the Fund benefits from good markets, the Fund's sales-related revenues, a more dynamic product mix of 40 markets, the build-up of risk preferences, and good securities and fund sales:
There is a better incentive for the development of Eastern wealth securities (annual report of the Eastern Stock Stock Company: 104% net gain in 2020) and the sale of funds.
In terms of the balance of financing coupons, it has risen further since the entry into 4q, and at one point up to 1.6 trillion (about 1 trillion at the end of last year).
Expanding the size of the bond; and increasing the size of the portfolio by another 1.8 billion. We believe that the combined competitiveness of the capital stock under the flag is expected to increase further after this debt transfer, and suggest profit forecasting and investment: the current corporate Internet + voucher model is now gradually being tested in the market.
In the context of capital market activity and the continued roll-out of subsequent capital market reforms, it will serve as an interface.
In the context of this forecast, we adjust the company’s expected remuneration by 2020 (expected return; er), as follows:
This report was prepared by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will either have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report i@ or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others. This report is not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificate mentioned in the report.
_capitalfare#Taibei Hong Kong Shanghai 25 January 2021