Corporate review report  The securities industry  Business market growth, excellent performance, Eastern wealth (300059.sz)
The company's business environment is good for dividends, its performance is high for benefits, the market is active, the fundraiser is hot, the company's business environment is good for performance.
In 2020, the company is expected to realize a net return of 4.5-49 billion yuan, a positive increase in the market share of the company, and an increase in income from portfolio operations. In 2020, the company achieved a net increase of 2,993 million yuan in fees and commissions, an increase of 76.04 per cent.
This is an increase in corporate finance coupons and the storage of joint financial interest income. Market risk preferences are raised, driving companies to keep working together. Companies are able to borrow 29,691 million yuan, and equity markets are better allocated through public funds, with companies benefiting fully from the market.
The growth of the equity market in 2020 was sustained and the earning effect increased, with investors participating in the stock market with a higher degree of heat, funds being issued and sold on fire, companies acting as the front line for Internet funds, fully benefiting from the Fund's operational development dividend, with significant growth in scale and income.
At the end of 2020, the market-wide public fund was distributed 3.3 trillion copies, an increase of 94.13%.
Corporate ISP clients are sticky, diversified products and services, promising to sustain and strengthen industry leadership, laying the foundations for the long-term growth of retail wealth management.
The Eastern Wealth Financing Program has continued, and the 8 billion yuan corporate debt program has been thoroughly circulated and distributed in an orderly manner. The 158 billion yuan in debt swaps are being actively promoted, and the net funds raised will be used to supplement the operating funds of the Eastern wealth securities of the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary.
Supports business development and optimizes business structures. As corporate finance programmes continue to materialize, financial strength will be further strengthened, corporate competitiveness and risk mitigation will be enhanced, and capital development space will be opened up.
Investments suggest that the company’s Internet service platform, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, has a large and sticky audience.
The Division’s sales operations will benefit fully from the Fund’s market developments. We look forward to the company’s development, to the elasticity of the company’s fundamentals and stock prices, to the maintenance of a “recommended” rating, to the period 2021-2022, and to the presentation of this report in an independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.