Eastern Wealth (300059). High growth logic continues to materialize and debt swaps are progressing well - Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) 2020 performance review.
The net profit return increased by 161.00 per cent in the same year, and the portfolio of securities and financial power suppliers continued to increase their total operating income of $8.239 billion in 2020, an increase of 94.69 per cent in the same year; the net profit of $4.780 billion, an increase of 161.00 per cent in the same year.
The main drivers were the rapid growth of securities and FSE services operations: 1) Securities operations: in 2020, there was a significant increase in stock exchanges on the domestic securities market on the same basis, and thus in the stock exchanges on the corporate securities business, with a significant increase in securities-related revenues on the same date. 2) Financial electricity
Sub-business services: In 2020, corporate Internet-based financial e-commerce platform fund turnover increased substantially, and revenues from financial e-commerce service operations increased significantly. Market-wide equity transactions grew by 62.78% compared to year, driving the rapid growth of Eastern wealth securities
Industry and companies show high growth. According to the company ' s unaudited non-consolidated financial statements for the Eastern Wealth Securities Company Ltd. for 2020, published on 19 January, the Eastern Wealth Securities Company achieved a total operating income of $4,595 million in 2020, an increase of 77.12 per cent, with net interest.
The sum of $7.65 billion is expected to improve the overall competitiveness of Eastern wealth securities. The capital strength of Eastern wealth securities will be further enhanced by the approval of the debt swaps.
On the evening of 28 January 2021, the company issued a circular on the approval of an application to issue non-specific convertable company bonds for approval by the listing board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, which could be transferred to the army.
According to the company announcement, the total amount of debt that can be transferred does not exceed RMB 15.8 billion, which will be used to supplement the operating funds of the company's wholly-owned Eastern wealth securities, support their development and enhance their resilience to risk.
Capital of wealth securities to expand the scale of operations such as credit transactions, portfolio investments and optimize business structures.
The products and services used by the platform, which are currently in the main business, include: securities, financial e-commerce services, financial data services, and Internet advertising services, have been accompanied by healthy developments in China’s capital markets, and there is much scope for companies to grow in the future.
In the meantime, taking into account the continued robust development of China's capital markets, the growth of firms has been more certain, maintaining a lower than expected growth in stock exchanges in the public and domestic securities markets; changes in industrial regulatory policies; strong competition in the fund exchange markets; less than expected growth in the stock market; and less than expected expansion of new operations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.