2302 Demand improvement, module income as a percentage of income (continuing) Recommended (for the first time)
Quarterlyly, 23q2 companies achieved operating income of 954 million yuan (yoy: +5.39 per cent, gog: +34.00 per cent) and a net return to the mother of 250 million yuan (yoy: 14.58 per cent, gog: +114.66 per cent).
Prince Road moves from separate devices to radio frequency module sales. Company 23q2 collects 954 million yuan (yoy: +5.39%, qoq: +34.00%) to realize a net return profit of 250 million yuan (yoy:-14.58%, qoq:
The market’s consumer promotion activities are boosted by the industrialization of the Quaker semiconductor 23h1 with an investment of $704 million, which has now accumulated $5,738 million, and project push factors have resulted in a total cost over time The company’s stock level has improved and the Maori rate has been pressured by the product structure. The company’s stock situation is gradually increasing.
The production line is stable in order of scale, deepening downstream customers. Through the self-built production line, the relative depth of 300 shows, the company has now successfully achieved its own brand max-saw stable scale and is upstream.
The supply chain works closely together to significantly reduce the cost structure of max-saw. During the 23h1, the Division delivered more than 160 million self-generated filters for products such as difem, l-difem and gps modules, which integrate home-grown filters and related products and have achieved steady scale production.
In addition, the company has introduced a single chip multi-frequency filter product, which is already in the production phase. At the same time, the company is increasing its efforts to promote the main collection I-pamif product, which is used in the 5gnr band, in order to increase penetration on the client side.
Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, and has been employed in the Ministry of Oceanic Certificates, National Letters, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Lu, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of Shandong, two years of experience in science and technology industry studies, joined the China Galaxy Securities Research Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.