Three points: (1) global economic growth slows and demand for smartphones is weak for major downstream applications; (2) since 2020 q4 companies have continued to drive the development of the Quaker Semiconductor Industrialization Project, with an equivalent increase in R & D costs and administrative costs. (3) With product marketing structures and the city,
Changes in the pattern of competition in the field, and the overall Māori rate of the product have declined in comparison with the previous year. Companies are using the high-end radio frequency module as an engine for growth, strengthening RHF module innovation and product research and development, digging deep radio frequency filters and the market potential of the module, continuously increasing the market share of the RF module, and are expected to reach Camp 2023.
Production lines are gradually improved, and it is hoped that they will be well-developed. After many years of business practices, there is an accumulation of new and ongoing products, a growing array of front-end products from companies, and applications in the field of joint investment ventures without tacks and tacks.
Products ranged from separate devices to radio frequency modules, and product processes ranged from monolithic maturities to participation in advanced processes, to a combination of materials and processes. With the launch of the module, the company became a full-scale RF front end receiving end supply in the country.
Businesses, recognized by a large number of well-known smartphone branders, have actively expanded to a variety of areas, such as telecommunications bases, auto electronics, and access to goods, creating diversified market layouts.
Started up, accumulated experience and gradually formed its own production line, producing filters email: wuwenji@cnpsec.com products, including saw filters, high performance filters, binarys and quadruples, etc.
The saw filter is self-used, the process development platform for the saw filter product is now fully completed, the saw filter and the high-performance filter are already capable of yielding, and the binary and quadrants have been validated at the product level and are starting to send samples to their customers for the future.
The company's own production line is gradually being put into use. It is expected that in the second half of the year, the company's integrated home-grown filter modules, such as difem, l-difem and gps, are already in the process of import into the customer's end-of-life product, and that the Department of Public Affairs will move further towards high-end applications to integrate design R & D and process manufacturing to a high degree of integration.
Accurate approaches match market demand. 5g development prospects are wide, and seize opportunities steadily. With global economic recovery, 5g commerce, mobile radio front end values will rise, and the market space for radio frequency products will expand.
A step-by-step opening with a high acceptance and wide application of company products, based on previous radio frequency power amplifiers and radio frequency module processes, technical experience and accumulation, the company has launched the main collection of send-and-go module products for the 5gnr band, l-pamif, and for wireless signal launch.
The RFM chip and module R & D and industrialization project achieved a net profit of $2.748.16 million in 2022. Companies insist on autonomous research and development of core technology and resource platforms.
Building, with the development of 5g communications technology, companies have become one of the few providers of radio frequency solutions to internationally leading companies in the country. Moving to the Fab-lite business model, strategic planning has reached new heights.
By the end of 2022, the company ' s own filter line had become fully sized.
At the production stage, and on the basis of the 6-inch filter line, through the addition of advanced equipment and the construction of a team of technical specialists, the production of 12-inch ipd filter products will be gradually advanced, the manufacturing capacity will be further expanded, and the core competitiveness of the product will be enhanced.
Market demand has not recovered as expected; new products have not moved as fast as expected; market competition and data used in this report have been derived from what we believe to be reliable and are now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, have sought to be independent, objective and equitable. The findings of the report are not shared with other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.