The ii radio frequency module of the electronic integrated circuit continued to break, with self-built filter lines being built for long-term competition – ring ratio, net profit ring growth in q2 battalion 2023: the company focused on research in the field of radio-frequency integrated circuits.
Development, production and marketing of radio frequency switches, low radio frequency noise amplifiers, radio frequency filters, radio frequency power amplifiers, radio frequency power amplifiers, etc., as well as solutions for various arrays of products, while companies also offer low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips.
137.50/81.79 Mobile smart terminal products, such as mobile phones, with customers covering the world ' s leading Andre cellular manufacturers, can also be applied to such things as intellectuals, telecommunications bases, car electronics, bluetooth headphones, vr/ar equipment and network equipment.
In 2022, due to weak consumption demand in the downstream smartphone market, the company operated in a short period of time, according to the company ' s semi-annual performance forecast for 2023, during the reporting period, the company was determined to use the fab-lite.
The camp model facilitates the transformation of the company’s business, with the high-end radio frequency module as an engine of growth, strengthening radio frequency module innovation and products, and increasing the market share of radio frequency module through research and development, deep-deeping radio frequency filters and the market potential of the module. The company anticipates an increase of 34.02% in the business income ring in the second quarter of the year, with net profit ring growth.
Since the fourth quarter of the year, the company has continued to promote the construction of a semiconductor semiconductor industrialization project, increasing its research and development inputs and reserves, and rising research and development costs, management costs, etc. in the current reporting period compared to the same period last year. (3) As products are sold,
The overall Māori ratio of the product has declined as a result of changes in the structure of the sale and the pattern of competition in the market. According to the investor relationship activity log published by the King, the company had previously introduced an integrated ipd filter and applied it.
Model products in the 5gnr band, such as lfem (part receiving module, integrated radio frequency switches, low noise magnifiers and ipd filters), l-pamif (main collection transceiver module, integrated radio frequency amplifiers, radio frequency switches, ipd filters, low noise amplifiers), have been produced in branded customers. At the same time, by the end of 2022,
The company ' s own production line is well under way, with products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules integrated into its own high-performance filters having been certified by brand clients and gradually starting to be delivered; the self-produced ipd filter product has also completed the process flow phase into small batch production.
The high-performance filters, which already have the capacity to produce in quantities, have been launched with dual- and quadruple products. We believe that the filters are important components of the radio frequency module and are also a high-value component. While self-built production lines will have a certain cost pressure in the short term, in the medium to long term, they can guarantee technological autonomy on the one hand, and technological rotation on the other.
It can also benefit from the addition of high-value devices in the radio frequency module, creating competitive advantages for the medium and long-term development of the company. Multifold, 30.3 times, given the company’s full-scale production of its own filters, the radio frequency module continues to break through the future with more company-driven research and development and import of the radio frequency module, with greater market space for the radio frequency module, which currently produces goods in branded customers, i-pamif, and, in addition, a cluster of companies.
Products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules of self-produced high-performance filters have been certified by brand clients and have begun to be delivered gradually, and the company ' s l-Pamid product is also in the process of being developed. The company ' s radio frequency module collection is expected to increase by 35.00 per cent, 45.00 per cent, 55.00 per cent from 2023 to 2025 by the same rate as its own.
An integrated circuit design enterprise with a digital mix of signals, power supply management, signal chains, a Will share semiconductor product design business consisting mainly of image sensor solutions, contact and display solutions, and three business systems for simulation solutions, São Paulo shares being a high-technology enterprise focused on high-performance, high-quality simulation of integrated circuit chip designs and sales.