Iuzy@cfsc.com.cn  Weak consumer electronics market and q2 performance warming
In the first half of 2023, the radio front-end chip industry chain was still in the process of de-stocking, influenced by factors such as global macroeconomic downturns, and consumer electronic demand was still less than expected, but as the industry stock continued to de-draw, downstream terminals and companies were left behind.
There has been an increase in the company ' s revenue-earning ring ratio, as a result of the boost of consumer promotion activities in the mobile market and the gradual release of products such as difem, l-difem, which are integrated with home-grown filters, among other things.
Xian, in the second quarter, the company's inventory was reduced by 55 million yuan, the ring was reduced, and it kept up with the technological frontier, exploring the depth of the product, and the company had always persisted in research and development and innovation, years of deep cultivation and accumulation, and the company's products.
The types are gradually enriched from the separation device to the radio frequency module, which has largely achieved the full coverage of the radio frequency front end 1, Dzumi (300782); performance short-term separation devices and radio frequency module products.
1. Radio frequency filters and their modular products: company based on long-term technological accumulation and core operations 2023-06-06
The resource advantage of Cheuk's platform is that self-built filter lines have achieved a steady and orderly level of 2, Chewie (300,782): Crawl filters. Difem, l-difem and gps modules delivered by the company in the first half of 2023.
The process is over-expected, with more than 160 million self-produced filters in products such as "Inner Power" Refinement, integrated self-producing filter phase, long-term core competitiveness 2022-12-26.
3, Cheuk Weiwei (300782), demand is weak, production is stable at the scale of products, gradually increasing at the client level, double-workers and IV. Repressive performance, self-built filters are exceedingly advanced.
Worker has already achieved volume import for individual customers; company phase 2022-09-01 based on separate filters continues to innovate by introducing single chip multi-frequency filter products, including double-receipt
In addition, the company has successfully developed l-femid (the main collection of transmission models, integrated radio frequency low-noise amplifiers, radio frequency switches, dual worksmen/fours, etc.)
Radio frequency front end module (RTG) product, contributing to higher end module more comprehensive product coverage 2) radio frequency power amplifiers and their module products: company penetration and overlay of main collection I-pamif products on client end for 5gnr band continuously increases
, and the Mmmbpa module (multi-mode multi-frequency pa module, integrated radio frequency switch, radio frequency amplifier, etc.) is being rolled out to the client. At the same time, the company continuously upgrades its radio frequency filters, firings, etc.
Frequency power amplifiers and their modular capabilities, contributing to the medium-technology complexity of the front end of the radio frequency, the most integrated "bead" product l-patid (main collection sender module, integrated radio frequency low-noise amplifiers, radio frequency amplifiers, radio frequency switches, binoculars/
The development of radio front-end modules for instruments such as quadruples, which lay the foundation for a high-value, differentiated development path, improved downstream terminals and corporate inventories as the industry stock continues to deconstruct.
Moozheng, Master of Materials, University of Motae, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Kyotan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Seok with four years of experience, reflects my research views. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.