Mid 2023: Performance loop improvement, high-end module 29/08/2023 Keyword: #Roundback
Incident: Shao Weiwei published the semi-annual report for 2023. The company's 2023h1 revenues were 1.67 billion yuan (the same period of pressure is due mainly to the following three factors: (1) the length of the consumer electronic change cycle, which leads to insufficient demand for downstream consumption, while the industrial chain is still at the stage of de-stocking, leading to an increase in revenue collection.
Power is weak; (2) the company continues to promote the construction of the filter line for the chilling semiconductor industrialization project, with higher R & D costs and higher depreciation costs; (3) the overall M & A rate drops as the product market becomes more competitive. 2023q2 is gradually being optimized as mobile phones go to stock.
Short-term promotion boosts, module rolls, Māori rate increases, and the parent net profit ring increases significantly. The company is deep-deeping in the field of high-end radio frequency (HF) modules, building new growth engines, strengthening innovative research and development of products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules for self-produced filters, and so on.
In 23 years, O2. The radio frequency module is constantly breaking and the product line is gradually improving. The company’s front-end product layout is gradually improving. The product type is gradually enriched from the separation device to the radio frequency module, with the receiving end difem, l-difem
At the same time, the company’s own filter production line is moving smoothly, and high performance filters are already in place.
The company is actively building a new Fab-lite model to achieve the application of the Pa module.
Design matching custom-made process development, complete rapid process rotation, shorten new product R & D weeks Self-controllable, new product release in instantaneous period, to meet changing market demand.
Long-term advantage of building self-built filter lines, where the sub-3ghz mainframe module is present. By 2023, o2, the company filter crystal circle production line was well under way and integrated into its own saw filter.
Quarterly reviews: steady progress in industrial chaining growth, with separate filters validated by some brand clients.
The relatively high-valued portion of the medium, while self-built lines will bear higher R & D costs in the short term, R & D, R & D module construction, and management costs, but in the long run it will guarantee technological autonomy and facilitate the formation of companies.
A long-term competitive advantage. And a high-value sub3ghz cluster year at the end of the year is expected to move to the promotion phase, with a market space that is much higher than traditional products, and is the second-highest profit forecast and investment rating for a company: Dzumi is the country's first self-controllable RF industrial chain.
One hundred million yuan, representing a net return of 1.114/17 billion yuan to the mother, is now 62/49/40 times the market value, and the three major financial forecasting tables of Cheuk Seung-wei Siu, Inc., have acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory operation with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.