Quarterly 3023 report performance rating: income profit supermarket expectations, high level of certainty completed year-round performance 3q23performanceview: revenueandnetprofitedmarket'sextactations, and heghcetaintyofreachingfull-year
Anaratingtarget View Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary)
The end-of-term contract liability guarantees a smooth and certain performance for the entire year. 3023 companies achieved a gross operating income of $17.03 billion, or $1 billion, or +33.3 per cent of the year, and according to feedback from the channels, the distributors largely completed the full year ' s return.
High level of certainty in the achievement of year-round performance. 3q23 tons of revenue and ton costs and prices have changed in the same way after considering the impact of contractual liabilities: three cost rates of 30.3 per cent, an increase of 0.2 points over the same period, with an increase of 0.8 points in taxes and a decrease of 0.3 points in sales and management costs, respectively
The net interest rate is 31.3% equal to the same ratio. 3q23 net cash flow from the operation is at the right pace, with a steady bulk to the stock. On the turn of the September season, the main one-size-fits-all product, P5 has the nature of the white wine, and the demand for the banquet and gift ring is clearly restored.
In addition, two monoliths are good in the East China region and the North China subregion.
In addition, according to feedback from sources, the 1218 policy is similar to the previous year, with a single prize for those who meet the requirements. In addition, the company has been named after the spring evening, the mid-autumn party, while working together to create the "Americans and the Communists" show, which is "a part of the way."
Investment proposals and profit projections: with the current economic growth rate, the white wine industry will compete for stocks that will become more white and hot, with future K-style developments, and five-dollar liquids that are needed at a cost of $1,000.
Business, gift delivery, and high-end feast scenes will be competitive in the long run, but in the medium term they will continue to be under pressure to put 1935 on the roof, to shift to a reduced capacity for P5 prices and profit margin for distributors. In addition, the five grain fluids have been growing at a low level of five since this year.
Food fluids and good performances in some regions are expected to continue: classic five-food fluids are going to the end of the stocking phase. We expect the five-food fluids to complete their two-year income.
♪ Steaming hongweiwen ♪