Sumi Shanghai: 2024, with steady growth, and sustained investment in research and development, to become a platform-type equipment company event: Sumi Shanghai published the 2024 annual report
Corporate operating income in 2024 was $5.618 billion, an increase of 44.48 per cent over the same period, and net profit returns continued, particularly with strong market demand in mainland China, where companies successfully seized market opportunities and accumulated sufficient stock of orders based on technological differentiation advantages; and current company sales deliveries and debugging
The efficiency of the receipt and inspection process has effectively ensured steady growth in business performance; the firm's in-depth promotion of product platforms, continuous upgrading of product technology and performance, improved product lines, sufficient diversification of client demand and increased market recognition have provided income growth.
Strength support; firm's steady drive to globalize its customers, continuously increase market openings, deepen its cooperation with existing customers while actively opening up global markets and successfully expanding its client base, with firm prices compared to 300 deep trends
A steady increase in operating income was promoted. Net cash flows from operating activities in 2024 amounted to $1,216 million, a year-on-year increase mainly due to an increase in sales returns over the previous period, as well as an increase in sales orders resulting from advance payments for the current period
• The firm industry has a strong position, with a high global concentration of semiconductor cleaning equipment markets based on cleaning equipment, especially in the area of single-discrete cleaning equipment, with a combined market share of 90 per cent for dns, tel, Lam and Semes
Above all, dns have the highest market share, with more than 33% of the market. The indigenous 12-inch crystal mill cleaning equipment comes mainly from dns, Shenmi, Lam, and Tel.
The Chinese market for cleaning equipment in companies is 23%, according to the company ' s annual report of 2024, while gartner ' s 2023 data show that the company ' s market share in cleaning equipment globally is 6.6%, with the fifth exception.
In addition to cleaning equipment, the company has been actively expanding the product mix by expanding the layout of semiconductor plating equipment, semiconductor equipment, copper scraping equipment, advanced encapsulation wet equipment, scalding tube equipment, front-end coating film rack equipment, plasma-enhanced chemical deposition pecvd equipment.
The main products of the company include semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment, and advanced sealing wet.
“Shanghai, United States of America: The need for domestic production of equipment is high, legal equipment, and through many years of technological development, companies have mastered nuclear technology in the above-mentioned product areas, and are continuously improving the technological performance, production, and productivity of the equipment, as well as improving the quality and reduction of the customer's products.
In recent years, companies have introduced a number of new devices and processes with autonomous intellectual property rights.
Increased chemical phase deposition pecvd equipment, delivered its first pecvd device to an integrated circuit customer in China in the third quarter of 2024, authenticating the teos and sin process.
This doubled the size of the company’s global serviceable market. In 2024, the stove continued to roll out new technology products, including two new ald stoves, and began to move into the process certification phase to enhance the company’s competitiveness in the pipe.
1) In the area of cleaning equipment: international advances in saps mosaic cleaning technology; in the field of tebo megasonic cleaning technology and single-crystal cell combinations of tahoe high-temperature sulphate cleaning technology 2), in the field of polishing equipment: international leadership in the field of non-responsible polishing technology.
3) Copper plating equipment: multi-oppolar electroplating technology is internationally advanced. Crystal mill expansion is not as fast as expected, and returns from longer sales cycles are not timely.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.