RHL (601,100): Beneficiary excavators need to be driven, hydraulics imported to replace rapid thrust
A company that specializes in the production of hydraulic components and hydraulic systems.
Pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic systems, etc., increased by 29.05 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return profit of 671 million yuan, or 44.74 per cent over the same period.
Excavator hydraulic tank taps, non-flagged tank production capacity, are expected to continue to be released. In the first half of the year, companies sold 250.6 million excavators, a 13 per cent increase in the same year, generating an income of $1,233 million, a 25 per cent increase in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the company’s non-marked line was still partially productive by the excavator tank, and we believe that, as the excavator tank’s capacity for non-polling tank production diminishes, the company’s non-plate tank sales are expected to be released. The pump valves and motors are successfully rolled out, and future volumes are achievable.
In addition, the company's 6-50-t-grade excavations, which have also received a small amount of validation at the mainframe plant, are expected to release in the future.
In the machine sector, companies have made breakthroughs in high-altitude platforms, seawork hydraulic equipment, etc. Ten thousand tons, a 30% increase in the same year, and two companies in June and October 2019, respectively, have further increased their market share of casting production lines, pressurized pump valves, etc.
Already over $30 billion, companies are rapidly rising in hydraulic tanks, motors, pump valves, but the city as a whole is still at a low level, and there is much room for future upgrading.
S.S.H.I.E.L.C. (601,100) Incident Review: Reciprocal Excavator Demand Drive, Hydraulic Import Substitute Rapid Promotion, the source of financial growth in the East, the sun.
The Chinese People’s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master’s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanics, joined the civil securities in 2016, and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies