The company announced in mid-2019 that it had achieved operating income of 2,793 million yuan, a 29 per cent increase over the previous year.
The profits are 671 million yuan, or 44.7% more in the same year; the basic per share gains are 0.76 dollars, or 43.4% more in the same year, and the company’s performance is steadily increasing, largely in line with expectations. During the downward cycle in the excavator industry, the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow, largely as a result of product expansion and release of pump valve products.
▪ Performance grew steadily and in line with expectations; Performance continued to grow at a high rate in 2019, largely in line with expectations. In 2019, q1 and q2 recorded revenues of 15.7 million yuan, or 61.6 per cent and 2.6 per cent, respectively, at net profit of 326 million yuan.
The price of the tanks has risen well; the pump valves have doubled. Income recognition factors, with a fall in income in the second quarter, but both the Māori rate and the net interest rate level have increased significantly, benefiting from the higher sales of downstream excavators and the higher prices of tank products.
According to the industry statistics of the China Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, the H1 excavator industry sold 137,000 units in 2019, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the same period.
The same-year increase of 25 per cent exceeds the growth in the volume of sales by industry and companies. In addition, the non-barrelled tank has generated revenues of $633 million, an increase of 8 per cent, and sales of 786 million, an increase of 18 per cent. The average price of the non-barry tank is declining, mainly in relation to the type of product, and the Maori rate is maintained.
Pump valves have broken out, guaranteeing sustained growth over the next two years. The company’s pump valves have been rapidly released, the application landscape has continued to expand, the dredging pump valves have been successfully extended from small to medium-sized digs, the non-dump valves, high-altitude platforms, cranes, etc., have been expanding on multiple occasions.
Income growth is 100%, while product Māori rates and net interest rates have increased significantly as a result of scale effects. We believe that the company’s pump valves have continued to grow in a variety of products + applications, and that as capacity has stagnated successfully, it is hoped that contribution performance will continue to grow over the next two years.
Cost rates have declined overall, and financial costs have contributed to the gains. To benefit from the economies of scale, corporate management costs and sales costs have decreased by 0.51 and 0.42 pcts, respectively, over the same period. Financial costs amount to $14.36 million, positive on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the impact of exchange gains resulting from the appreciation of the United States dollar in the second quarter.
Companies have achieved a total exchange gain of $8.068 million by 2019h1. The R&D cost rate has remained stable, the investment rate has been sustained, the company’s profitability has continued to increase, and sufficient funds have been made available, and it is possible to save back in the future. The company’s profitability has continued to increase, benefiting from new products, fast-disbursing and strong cost-control capabilities.
The value of the company's impairment losses increased by 20% the same year during the reporting period, and we believe that the company has taken full account of the possibility of a backlash.
Real estate/capital investments fell at a reduced rate, excavator sales dropped significantly, and untied areas were not expanded as expected.
Figure 2. Corporate operating income increased by 29 per cent from H1 to H1 in 2019. Figure 3. Corporate net profit return by parent increased by 44.7 per cent from H1 to H1 in 2019.
Figure 4. Cost rates have decreased slightly during the company period. Figure 6. Corporate Māori rates and net interest rate levels have continued to increase.