Profitability is increasing and cash flow is improving significantly The company ' s performance increased rapidly in the first half of 2019 and slowed down in the second quarter.
2.79 billion yuan, an increase of 29.1 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of 670 million yuan, an increase of 44.7 per cent over the same year;
Billion dollars, a 25 per cent increase in the same year; 79,000 non-standard fuel tanks for the sale of heavy equipment, an 18 per cent increase in the same year; $630 million in sales revenue, an 8 per cent increase in the same year. The first half of the year, the unmarked production line was still partially occupied by excavators, which affected the sales of non-flagged tanks.
(b) Growing profitability, with net cash flows from business activities increasing three times faster than from the previous year. In the first half of the year, the ratio of Māori to Māori was 37.0 per cent, an increase of 2.4 pct over the same year; the net interest rate was 24.1 per cent, an increase of 2.6 pct over the same year;
The impact of scale effects and product structure optimization, the growth of corporate operating costs is less than the growth of sales earnings, the growth of the Māori rate, net interest rates, re-innovation at the Roe level, and the growing profitability of companies. In the first half of 2019, net cash flows from corporate operations reached $80 million, a year-on-year increase.
313.4%; company sales returns have increased significantly, and the quality and efficiency of operations have improved significantly. The subsidiaries performed well in the first half of the year. In the first half of the year, subsidiary hydraulic technology maintained a high market share for small digs, while the market share of medium and large dredging hydraulics has increased month by month.
The Ministry of Hydraulic Systems has produced two tons of production in the first half of the year and a number of priority projects have been successfully delivered. In the first half of the year, casting companies sold 18,000 tons of pieces, an increase of 30 per cent in the same year, achieving sales revenue of $230 million, an increase of 21 per cent in the same year; and the first production line of phase II of their investment construction projects has been built
It has been completed and started to run a test production in June, and the second line is expected to be installed by the end of September this year, starting a test production in October; after completion, the company will be able to produce 30,000 tons of hydraulic casts per year. In the first half of the year, Haweinley received 8.32 million euros, an increase of 11 per cent.
The company ' s big traffic plug-in-rate valve in Shanghai has been successfully applied to areas such as pressurizers and emplacing machines, and the excavator ' s lead oil module and industrial valves have been growing rapidly in sales in the engineering and machinery industry. The investment proposal is that the company is the leading company in our hydraulics sector.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I am available independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.