
2q19yearssslowedbutinlinewithestimate crisis hengli'snetprofitin1h19grew 45% yoytormb671mn.in2q19, netprofitgrew
12% yoytormm345mn, whichislargelyinlinewithextactedheweak demandin2qbedbeenexpected. Grossmarginexpansionisurprise, chinacapitalgoods
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm 29% yoytormb2.79bnin1h19, drivenby(1) 25% yoy revenuegrorowthofhydradiccylinderforexcavator, (2) 8% yoyincreasein
No-standardizedhydrauliclinderorheavyequipment; (3) 57% yoy increaseinootherproductrevenue (helpedby 100% yoyincreasenhydraulic pumpandvalve.wholerevenuein2q19grewonly~3% yoy, theweakness
Hengli'sssalesvolumeofhydrauliccylinderor excavatorgrew 13% yoyto256kunitsin1h19.thegrothwaslargelyinline
Hengli'snon-standardedhydradiccylindreased 18% yoyto 78.6k shareperformance
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know, sir, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I think it's a good idea, but I think it's a good idea, because it's a good idea.
The 3.1xoyinoperatingcash flywasdueother company's strongexificationincashcollection. keyrisks. (1) Weaknessinsendemandforexcavators; (2) increasein
I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm thinking about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm just trying to figure out what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions and bisdoesnotprovideindividulytailloredinvendmentationmentation.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Oranyinterestinsecuritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neothers and bisnoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officeers oremployeesshelelbelelableforanylos, damageorensewhatever, whereotherdirectorconsequential, incurredinding theinformation containingthisreport.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it.
The publicisations are different from the generalisation, point-of-viewanalyticalmethodswhencompiling.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what it's like to be a part of the world, but I don't know what it's like to be a part of the world, but it's not a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you.
Order 2005 (asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinarticalle49 (2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanyothotherpersonswofoutthepriorwrittenconsentof bis.theportactionredfordforstor"majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefinedrule15a-6undertheus, secrities15a-6under
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
From, orinconnection with anotherport.