Profitability continues to rise, hydraulic product expansion guarantees long-term growth dynamics - long-cube hydraulic 2019h1 rating continues to increase profitability, hydraulic products such as pump valves have growth potential and `recommended' ratings are maintained
The company achieved business income/mortality net profit of 2,769h1, 29 per cent growth in the same year, 29 per cent growth in the same year, a net operating cash flow of $790 million, a significant increase of 313 per cent in the same year, and a gross increase in the Māori rate/net interest rate of 37 per cent/24 per cent in the last seven years, with 3 per cent growth in the net profit of the second quarter alone.
The expansion of hydraulic products, such as non-flagged oil tanks and pump valves, as domestic hydraulic poles, will reduce the high rate of the excavator industry, which has been affected by short-term production capacity, long-term expansion space, 2019h1 and continued growth in the excavator industry.
The sale of 137,000 excavators, an increase of 14%, the sale of 256,000 oil tanks/revenues of $123 million, the seizure of oil tanks, sales/revenue of 79,000 units/revenues of $630 million, an increase of 18.8% over the same period, is in urgent need of expansion in the areas of high-altitude platforms, shield units, marine industry, wind and solar energy.
The multi-area expansion of the non-square tank and the convertibility of the excavator capacity will effectively counter the downward cycle of the excavator industry, which is growing steadily in the medium to long term. The import of pump valves will continue, and hydraulic products in the non-digger sector will provide new momentum for future growth.
The company has successfully developed the thug pump and thvs series of thp3v and thvs, which apply less than 15t, the control valves, the thugs valves and the city has continued to increase, and new products have been developed to gradually go to the medium-sized diggers, and the subsidiary 2019h1 has increased its hydraulic technology revenue by 100 per cent; in addition, the company is not in the field of excavators.
Pump valves have also started to be heavily equipped with high-end customers, both in and out of high-altitude platforms, car hangers, and cement pumps. We believe the hydraulic pump valve motor market is wide-ranging and wide-ranging, and the company uses the excavator, Hydraulic Dragon, which is expected to continue to be high throughout the year.
A strong product R & D and extension capacity as a cut-off entry point for the industry will provide a strong guarantee for sustained business growth.
The sale of the casting parts of the company 2018-10-29 2019h1 resulted in a 21 per cent increase in the same year: the company started construction of the castings in phase II in March 2018, the first line was produced in June 2019, and the second line is planned for 2019.
“Pump valves entering the harvest period, looking at high annual growth” Pilot production in October of the year, all of which will further increase the self-supply ratio of raw materials and the profitability of products after delivery.
Full speed ahead of the Dragonhead”