Profit-enhancing income growth, medium and large digs, constant hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) Pump valves to secure future performance
Liu Lanjing, Van think about our analysis and judgment.
Rapid growth in corporate revenue from core business, influenced by demand growth factors. In the first half of 2019, growth in capital, equipment upgrading and export demand triggered growth in the sale of heavy equipment, such as downstream excavators, with 25 major mechanisms included in the statistics.
The U.P. Reed industry sold a total of 137,000 excavator products, an increase of 14.20 per cent. The company seized the opportunity of a rapid increase in the sales of downstream excavators and sold a special tank for excavators.
25.56 million, or 13 per cent more than the same year, achieved sales revenue of $1,233 million, 25 per cent more than the same year. In addition, companies sold 786 million non-standard fuel tanks for heavy equipment, 18 per cent more than the same year.
The tank absorbed part of the production capacity and had some impact on sales. The income ring of 2019q2 fell in the first quarter, but the profitability continued to rise. RMB 2019q2 achieved an income of 1,224 million, an increase of 2.55 per cent compared to 2,559 million in 2019q1
There has been a significant increase in profitability. The combined Māori rate for products in the first half of 2019 was 37.03 per cent, an increase of 2.43 percentage points over the same period last year, owing to the fact that the growth in operating costs was lower than the growth in sales income, as a result of economies of scale and product structure optimization.
In the reporting period, subsidiary hydraulic technology revenues increased by 100% over the same period, achieving a net profit of $116 million, or 227% more than the net profit of $35.5 million over the same period last year.
The high share of the market for hydraulics in the small dredging market has been maintained, and the large and medium dredging hydraulics have been made available on a large scale, with a monthly increase in the share of the market in the mainframe model of the major mainframe plants.
The plant can be verified in small quantities. At the same time, in the area of non-diggers, pump valves, such as high-altitude operations, hydraulics have begun to be heavily fitted to high-end customers, both within and outside the sea, guaranteeing the achievement of the 2019 year-round goal and providing a new engine of growth for the future.
Continuously increasing R & D inputs, maintaining market ownership and technological innovation advantages. In 2019, H1 invested $117 million in R & D, an increase of 46.2 per cent over the same period, with specialized hydraulic studies in Berlin, Germany, Chicago, China, Shanghai, and Changzhou.
With a market share of more than 50 per cent of the products of the diggers and the successful development of the Hp3v and Hvs series of multi-routine control valves for small excavators under 15t, the continued development of new products at the cutting edge of applied technology and industry, the new process will ensure that the company remains industry leader in product technology and maintains a firm ' s high market share in the excavator tank and its technological advantages, and future tank revenues are expected to increase steadily, taking into account the company ' s high market occupancy and its technological advantages in the field of the digger tank.
Newcomers in the field have maintained a high share of hydraulics in the small-divide market, continued penetration into, large-scale excavations, and improved profitability as a result of the optimized product structure, the volatility of the hydraulic parts and components industry, competition in the hydraulic pump valve motors, and the volatility of raw materials prices.