The industrial boom is expected to continue, and corporate profits continue to grow. Events: Companies published their semi-annual report in 2019, with 2,793 million revenues in 209h1, and higher profits in the downstream sector, with sustained growth in corporate earnings: 209h1
27.93 billion, representing an increase of 29.05 per cent over the same period and a net return to the mother of 671 million, representing an increase of 44.74 per cent over the same period, and sustained sustained performance sustained by the sustained growth of downstream industries and the competitiveness of corporate products.
Digger tanks maintained a high rate of increase and hydraulic technology revenues doubled: company tank performance maintained steady growth, excavator tanks achieved sales revenue of $1,233 million, a 25 per cent increase in the same year, total equity/flow (million shares)
In the case of the pump valves, the small pump valves maintain a higher share, and the medium-sized ones have been dug up.
Full mass, with a monthly increase in the share, the diggers have entered the small batch validation sequence; in the non-digger fields, such as high-altitude operational vehicles, car hangings, pumps, etc.
In the second half of the year, the boom in the excavator industry is expected to continue, and companies will benefit significantly: in the first half of this year, the excavator industry sold 137.2 million units, an increase of 14.20 per cent over the same period, with a monthly downward trend.
The dredging industry has been increasing in July. The downward pressure on the domestic economy is still high, and pump valves continue to outpace expectations.
In the short term, there is still a need for countercyclical capital investment to stabilize economic growth. In recent years, there has been an acceleration in the start-up of projects in Hunan, Guangxi, etc., and we judge that subsequent sales of excavators will remain high.
At the same time, the company will benefit significantly from a sustained industrial boom, which is expected to continue, and the company’s profits will continue to grow.
For eight years, the financial sector has been active in such areas as Robot Trends. Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre and joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.