The high-end equipment manufacturing and new materials research centre reported performance in line with expectations, and pump valve operations doubled in growth. The company released its mid-2019 report, which generated $2.8 billion in revenue in the first half of the year, an increase of 29 per cent over the previous half.
The net profit of the mother was 670 million yuan, a 45 per cent increase in the same year; the net profit of the deductible was 630 million yuan, a 50 per cent increase in the same year; the reported performance was in line with expectations, the profit rate continued to rise, the net operating cash flow increased by 313 per cent; the company ' s gross profit rate increased by 37 per cent in the first half of 2019, a 2.4 pct increase in the same year; the net interest rate increased by 24 per cent, a 50 per cent increase in the same year.
The cash flow situation of the company continued to improve with the net operating cash flow of $790 million achieved in the first half of 2019, an increase of 313 per cent over the previous year. The cash flow of the company accelerated, resulting in a significant decrease in the number of working days for receivables to 35.
The structural improvement of the products benefiting from the excavator tank was slightly higher than expected, and the pump valve operation continued to double in volume The excavator tank: 137,000 excavators were sold in the first half of 2019, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the same period.
The share of municipalities in the domestic excavator tanks has remained at over 50 per cent, with a total of 25.56 million canisters sold in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 13 per cent in the same year and a sales income of $1,233 million, a 25 per cent increase in the same year.
Non-scalable tanks: sales of non-scaling tanks in the first half of the year increased by 18 per cent compared to the same year, with revenues of $633 million, or 8 per cent compared to the same period. The non-scaling line was still partially productive in the first half of the year, affecting the volume of production. The high-altitude platform hydraulics began to be heavily matched in Manitoba, Trex, Zhejiang Ding.
High-end customers, both in and out of the sea: new bulk packages are on the market in the areas of auto hangers, pumps, etc. Hydraulic pump valves: subsidiary hydraulic technology pump valves have increased significantly, income has increased by 100% on a year-on-year basis, continuing \triangleright \triangleright
Wang Hua has maintained a high share of the hydraulics at the small dig market, and the large quantities of the large and medium dredging hydraulics have been matched by a month-on-month increase in the main machine of the major mainframe plants.
The company, as a domestic hydraulic core, is operating in a short- and long-term dredging machine valve, expanding into non-working-range machinery, expanding into an integrated manufacturer of high-end hydraulic equipment, with multi-product, multi-sector import substitution. Net profits of $1.215.17 billion are projected for 2019-2021, an increase of the same amount.
Digger sales below expectations; pump valves below expectations; increased cost of raw materials; exchange rate fluctuations.