In the first half of 2019, Neo-Super-Girl performed very well. In the first half of the year, the company performed very well.
The Māori rate rose by 37.03 per cent to 2.43 pct over the same period; the net interest rate rose by 24.06 per cent to 2.6 pct over the same year; cash flows from entrepreneurial activities increased significantly by $795 million. q2 received 1,224 million yuan, yoy + 2.55 per cent, net profit of 345 million yuan, yoy + 12.34 per cent, as a result of excavations.
The oil tank is growing rapidly, and the non-flagged tank is worth looking forward to. In the first half of 2019, the company sold 786 million tanks, an increase of 18% in the same year, generating revenues of $633 million, an increase of 8% in the same year.
This factor is expected to be eliminated in the second half of the year and a higher growth in the non-flood tank is expected.
The company's grip on the opportunity to replace the excavator hydraulic pump valves with national production, the small-digger valves quickly released and the market rate rapidly increased; the large- and medium-digger pump valves also started to mass down-stream the mainframe plant. The non-label pump valves also have a large complement in high-altitude operating vehicles.
With the rapid release of pump valves, subsidiary hydraulics have increased their income by 100%. In the future, companies will be digging up the market for pump valves in the medium-sized.
Tons, 30 per cent more than the same year, yielding sales revenue of 229 million yuan, 21 per cent more than the same year. The first production line of Castile II has been constructed and started in June 2019 and is functioning well; another production line is currently being installed and is expected to be installed by the end of September 2019.
Test production began in October, and by the end of the year the casting capacity will reach 55,000 tons, providing new growth dynamics.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.