Alumina shares (000807.sz) Acquisition of hydropower + new mining plants, fixed incremental downscaling costs Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The increase is due to: (1) the three hydroelectric companies owned by the acquiring country, Yunnan, which have invested no more than 2.1 billion yuan; (2) the Hojiang project, which has a high-precision, super thin aluminum project, which has invested no more than 650 million yuan; (3) the medium- and low-grade bauxite project, which has invested no more than 950 million yuan; and (4) the repayment of bank loans not more than 800 million yuan.
Electricity self-sufficiency increased to 11.1% and electricity consumption decreased by 6.6%: electricity is one of the company’s main costs of producing electrolytic aluminium, accounting for about 45% of the total cost. This increase is due to the acquisition of three hydroelectric companies, with 405,000 kilowatts of installed capacity, which will be available on the basis of 4,500 hours of electricity per year.
Old Trees New Flowers, Aluminium Air Batteries Sprouts at a cost of less than $0.26 degrees, 6.6 per cent lower than the direct purchase price signed last year. (Corrected) - Aluminium Equity Research.
Old Trees New Flowers, “Aluminium Air Batteries” evaporate - 3 million tonnes of new bauxite processing capacity. Aluminium oxide is the company's main raw material for the production of electrolytic aluminium, currently studied by Aluminium-based Aluminium Holdings.
With a self-sufficiency rate of 42%, the uncommunicationd mountain is expected to become self-sufficient in the second postnatal period. This is an additional project for the integrated use of low- and medium-grade bauxite in Mansan, which deals with bauxite on a scale of 3 million tonnes/year, and will guarantee the supply of raw materials in Mansan II and increase the company’s self-sufficiency rate to 65%.
The company is expected to add 36,000 tons of aluminium production to the project, which will result in 36,000 tons of aluminium production per year, 60,000 tons of sculpting material per year, and an increase in business income of 1,216 million yuan and $79 million after tax.
We believe that the cost of electrolytic aluminium production will be further reduced when the self-sufficiency of the company’s electricity and raw materials rises, as a result of the company’s profit growth in the context of the constant rise in aluminium prices and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating of the aluminum shares. The weak economic growth has led to a contraction of corporate orders; market risk preferences have declined.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.