A three-quarterly review of daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco: maintaining a steady growth in income and raising the Māori rate as a result of high-end occupancy ratios: three-quarterly reports issued by companies in 2017, achieving business income of 2,393 million yuan in the previous three quarters.
Net cash flows amounted to $692 million, an increase of 18.39 per cent over the same period; eps amounted to $0.62 per unit over the same period, of which, in the third quarter alone, the company achieved operating income of $589 million, an increase of 12.90 per cent over the same period; and the parent net profit of $126 million, an increase of 9.52 per cent over the same period.
In the third quarter of 2017, the company achieved 589 million revenues, a 12.9 per cent increase over the first half of the year, mainly due to the higher income base in the third quarter of last year. In the first three quarters, the company achieved 2,393 million revenues, a comparison.
Nanking, as the capital city of Jiangsu Province, has a radiological presence that affects the country’s use. The company’s establishment of a branch company in Nanjing also reflects the importance it attaches to the Nanjing market.
"The world" (603369), "The world's world's greatest price band, the company's main brand in Nanjing, which accounts for the company's sales in Nanjing, led to an increase in the Māori rate in the first half of the year."
The product structure continues to be optimized, and the Māori rate is expected to rise steadily, benefiting from the continuing nationalization ratio.
In the first three quarters, the Māori rate was 71.15% (72.58% in the third quarter alone), up from nearly $30 at the end of the third quarter. The increase in retail prices helped raise the profitability of dealers. In the future, companies could raise Māori by raising the price of the plant.
The net interest rate falls in the third quarter, or is related to the impact of the excise tax.
In the third quarter of 2017, the company realized a net profit of 126 million, an increase of 9.81 per cent over the same period. The net interest rate fell slightly from 22.05 per cent in the same period last year to 21.45 per cent.
In their view, the reasons for the tax and the additional growth may be related to the upward adjustment of the consumer tax base. The profit forecast and rating company is a well-known white wine business in Jiangsu province, with a strong branding and consumption base in the province; the company’s high-end white wine line is located at the lower end of the price belt.
It is expected to benefit fully from an upswing in intra-provincial market consumption that will lead to a faster growth in corporate overall sales revenues. In addition, the company’s strategy for maintaining stability in the out-of-provincial market, with several provinces around Jiangsu (Zijiang, Anhui, Henan, Shanghai, etc.) as its focus on breaking through the region, will continue.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.