Innovative medicines are growing in double digits, driving the transformation of innovation.
Resurveillance medicine (stock code: 600196) Impact; net return to mothers 1.702 billion yuan, or 38.96 per cent more than year-on-year increase; operating income due mainly to sale of surplus rights of conciliators: $10.94 billion, or 2.05 per cent less than year-on-year; net return to mothers: 937 million yuan, or year-on-year increase
Focus on innovation, and push for a better product structure. The company’s performance consists of four blocks, 1) pharmaceuticals: 13.9 billion yuan, a 5 per cent decrease in the same year, and 1.6 billion dollars in profit for the segment; of this, more than 4.3 billion yuan was earned for innovative drugs, □ chingpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
(c) Medical health services: $3.6 billion, a 2 per cent decline in the same year; branch profits;
For -108 million yuan, the same year it was reduced by 32 million yuan, mainly due to the adjustment of the price of the catalogue of medical fees and collection, the partial consolidation of construction projects, the introduction of additional pilot operations in the rehabilitation specialist chain and the preparation of a number of rehabilitation medical institutions.
(i) Substantive tumors: an innovative drug matrix has been developed in the areas of lung cancer, breast cancer, and in the form of Sluley monolithic, curly pearl monolithic resistance, which has been approved in the European Union, the United Kingdom, India, etc.
A combination of breast cancer treatment products; a national approval to fill the gap in treatment for rare cancer tumours (Vometoni); the promotion of international multi-centre clinical trials of hlx22 and hlx43, the introduction of hlx701 (sirp alpha-fc mixed protein), fxb0871 (pd-1 target l-2 integrated protein) for the enrichment of innovative pharma line.
2) Blood tumors: continuous progress in the accessibility and affordability of Qaeda (Aquillium Injection fluid). 3) Inflammation: xh-s004 (dpp-1 inhibitor) to achieve the authorization of the outside world, except in China and Hong Kong and Australia. 4) Slowness: successive growths of the heart, the Bybokfu, the bet, and the alpanos.
City, improving the layout of cardiovascular, kidney and metabolic areas. 5) Neuropathy: a permit to introduce small molecular oral ar1001, which slows down the path of ads, in conjunction with the resources of medical instruments and diagnostic medical services, to explore integrated solutions for the diagnosis and treatment of neurological degenerative diseases.
A draft equity incentive was launched in August to show confidence in medium- and long-term development. Equity incentives are to be evaluated: 70% of the total rating of 80 branches (minimum quota); the first total fee awarded is 4.58 million copies.
Investment proposals: company listings are rich and sales and sales of high Maori biopharmaceuticals, such as anti-cancer drugs are progressive (600196.sh): innovation plates show a good performance and continue to change; upgrading; continuous corporate deployment of big and small molecules for research and development and introduction; innovation and internationalization contribute to the company
2. [Galaxy’s] company review report _ Anti-Starry Medicines (600196.sh): q3 performance is positive and innovation drugs are increasing (600196.sh): profits are significantly improved and innovation is driven
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Song Liqiang, Master of Public Health at the University of Kyotan, admitted to the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the fields of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicines. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.