Erie shares (600887.sh) [Telecombine drinks] Erie shares: rapid increase in income, net profit to the mother of $6.440 billion, an increase of 7.3 per cent; eps of $1.06; operating cash flow
The company achieved 78.721 billion yuan, a 17.8 per cent increase over the year, of which 4q18 were split income growth structures in which the increase in sales and the upgrading of product structures contributed to a rapid increase in revenue.
The company’s strategic focus on core and new products has been remarkable. In 2018, the gold medallion “Anmush” “100% smooth” “joyday” “gold crown” “Jills” and other priority products, sales revenue increased by 34.3% over the year, far faster than the growth in corporate corporate revenue; and sales of new products throughout the year.
Although the price of original milk rose in 2018 under pressure for cost control, the company ' s Māori ratio, driven by structural upgrading, remained at 37.84 per cent, a slight increase of 0.32 pct over the previous year.
In response to intense market competition and increased marketing capacity, companies increased their investment in sales costs in 2018. Sales cost increased by 27.39 per cent over the year by 19.773 billion, and sales cost reached a 13.8 per cent advertising rate.
The company’s direct control of the village network is close to 608,000 households, an increase of 14.7%.
The number of terminals reached 1.75 million at the end of 2018, an increase of 23.2 per cent compared to the previous year, and the market share of companies in various product categories increased steadily, depending on high-quality products, together with an expanding distribution network.In 2018, the retail market share of companies in low-temperature liquid milk was 36.8 per cent and 16.6 per cent.
Increases 2.3 pcts and 0.5 pct, respectively; retail sales of infant and child formula powders account for a share of the market based on long-term development and the consolidation of market niches The company plans to achieve a gross operating income of $90 billion in 2019, an increase of 13 per cent.
The company proposes a total profit target of $7.6 billion, which is the same as the total profit in 2018. We believe that the target is based on a combination of short-term considerations.
New markets, new product development, coupled with the winterizing campaign cycle, capital spending and costs are still in the expansion phase, which in the short term may affect the shift in income to profit; but corporate initiatives are in the long run, and forward investment will lay the foundation for sustainable and healthy development, and we look to corporate strategies.
Food safety issues: higher-than-anticipated cost increases due to upstream milk price fluctuations: increased industry competition risk; higher-than-anticipated demand decline due to macroeconomic fluctuations; market volatility risk; overseas business progress Institute sales team
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.