18q4 performance exceeded expectations, with 19-year industry competition expected to cool down slightly.
On February 28, 2019, performance was relatively smooth, and liquid milk and milk powders performed relatively well throughout the year. In 2018, company revenue/profit growth rates were +16.9 per cent/+7.5 per cent, respectively.
Compared to +16.9 per cent, the rate of growth in the previous three quarters was comparable; q4 single quarter profits of $1.4 billion, compared to +30.9 per cent; and liquidity (millions of shares) grew faster on the basis of a lower base for the same period last year, largely thanks to a marked improvement in the Māori rate
The pace of corporate internationalization is expected to accelerate in the future in November 2018, when the company acquired Thailand's largest ice cream company, Thechomthana.
In addition, the company “joyday” ice cream was successfully marketed in several cities in Indonesia. We believe that in 2019, the pace of corporate internationalization is expected to accelerate.
The stock incentive test was successfully completed, although the market was worried that the cost and the competitive environment in the market would cause the company to give up on this year's stock incentive.
But, in terms of results, companies managed to realize lock conditions, safeguarding the interests of their target audiences. Performance planning targets for 2019 were robust, and industrial competition remained difficult to cool down significantly.
At the same time, adding up the internationalization and M & As considerations, we believe that this year the company will not be precluded from having M & As to guarantee a 10 billion increase in income. On the profit side, the company’s 19-year total profit target is $7.6 billion, which is almost the same.
Against the backdrop of an annual sword of hundreds of billions of dollars, coupled with the acceleration of the advance of both forces, we conclude that the overall pattern of competition in the industry was unlikely to cool down significantly in 2019. However, given the slowdown in the dairy sector, which is also inevitable, and considering the upward pressure on the cost of the original milk, we still tend to think that
1. Industry depth report: High, industry competition is expected to move out of marginal, low-temperature mode.
2. The annual strategy for food and beverages for the year 2019:
The 19-year valuation is roughly the same as that of the core competitor, the milk industry, but with a “recommended” rating, given the company’s potential for international expansion in the future, a steady growth in revenue collection. Sales have fallen short of expectations, Māori rates have dropped significantly, marketing costs have risen significantly, food safety issues, etc.
Jujie, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts, Beijing University. Entered the securities industry in 2011, and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.