q4 is overrated, Eli's horizontal expansion continues on February 28th, 2019.
On February 27, the annual report was published. Business income was $78,976 million in 2018, an increase of 16.92% over the previous year, resulting in a net return to the mother.
640 million yuan, an increase of 7.31 per cent over the same year, and annual income growth in line with expectations: 18q4 achieved operating income of 18.13 billion yuan, an increase of 16.93 per cent over the same period the previous year, and a cash dividend of 4,254 million yuan, with a steady increase in annual income and a milk powder breakthrough of 8 billion yuan. 18 companies achieved operating income of 78,976 million yuan, an increase of 16.92 per cent over the same period.
At the end of 2018, the company increased its stock by 89.37% to increase its supply of cold-drinking production reserves. On the regional side, China was better than South China, with 29.98% sales in North China, 0.43% higher than sales in South China, 26.74% higher than sales in South China, and 0.44% lower than in the previous year.
In the context of a small increase in the cost of original milk, the company has achieved a Māori rate of 37.82 per cent over the year, an increase of 0.54cpt compared to 0.54cpt, with a Māori rate of 35.21 per cent for liquid milk, 54.78 per cent for milk powder and dairy products, and 45.07 per cent for cold drinks, and an increase in the market share of high-quality products, with gold-coated organic hot liquid milk accounting for 44.1 per cent and an increase of 8.9 pt.
The impact of the spending has been sustained, with the result that q4 performance exceeded expectations and fulfilled equity incentive targets.18 The net interest rate of 8.17 per cent for the year, compared with the same rate of reduction, has been applied to cover the entire year, but the cost of spending has been significant, with Ely increasing both the collection of products and the channel city over the 18-year period, with a net gain of 1,392 million yuan for the 18-year period, an increase of 30.87 per cent for the same year, the lost profit of $5,878 million and the completion of the equity incentive target (deduction).
We expect the cost to be relatively stable on the line, with the variables coming from the line, where the current market is not expecting high profits, and I am gradually increasing channel penetration, with good supply in the early 19th year. The company's 18th-year power provider's revenues increased by 61% compared to the previous year, and the number of LIC terminals rose by 23.2% compared to 1.75 million, of which the company's direct control of the village network was nearly 608,000, up 14.7%, three or four lines and more from the previous year.
Rural channels sink better. Spring 19 Ely’s promotions were evener than in previous years, with a more fresh form of promotions and gifts, a lack of supplies in the new sub-markets, strawberry oatmeal Ammush and Goldmarks, and a shorter post-year marketing period than last year. In some parts of the world, the stock of businesses in early February was about 10 days, a reduction from January.
Competition in milk sources has accelerated, steady internationalization has taken place, and future platforms for comprehensive and healthy food have opened up income space. Monx acquired part of the modern livestock industry in 2018, and bought and bought San Diego, and Eli has a potential for upstream merger and purchase, and the trend of hypothermia has accelerated competition for upstream milk sources.
They re-emphasized that the two home businesses will accelerate their share of the market for the remaining 10% of the warm milk over the next two years, which will also open the space and time for the expansion of the same product and the development of the cold milk. From June 17, 17, Ely introduced a juice of living germs, to late 17, soy milk, to April 18, energy beverages awakened, and finally to the end of 18, a mineral water project was built, and the first proposal was made for the construction of a “liquid milk, milk powder, cold drink,”
Sour Milk, Healthy Drinks and Cheese, the six main product groups, Eli and Monx, will move out of a differentiated development path to gain advantage in the expansion, while promoting internationalization, with 11 joyday ice cream products launched in 18 years in Indonesia, followed by the acquisition of the largest Thai ice cream company, Chomthana, plus the South-East Asian market, and Eli will be accompanied by a “one-way” national strategy to accelerate the achievement of the International Healthy Foods Corporation.
Table 1: Corporate Profit Forecast Table, Eastern Fund, Tedarhonley Fund. Masters degree in Finance, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and undergraduates in Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have sought to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are for information purposes only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies