Annual stock evaluation of daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco: four quarters of the list slightly exceeded expectations and income continued to grow at a high rate in 2019: annual company disclosure, $79,553 million in 2018, an increase of 16.89 per cent;
The year-round income growth is in line with expectations, the Māori rate is higher than expected in the four quarters alone, the target is exceeded at the beginning of the year, income growth continues to be high in the four quarters alone, and annual income growth is in line with expectations.
The rapid growth of organic products and the successive listing of imported liquid milk products have also been the focus of structural upgrading.
Ely shares (600887), The Ely shares report an increase in market shares; cold drinks are growing less than expected in the market; income increases are expected and advertising costs are prohibitively expensive.
In terms of profitability, there is a slight increase in the annual rate of Maori.
Income continues to rise, and cost inputs affect profits.
The second and fourth quarters of the original milk products have been reduced because of tight milk sources, and sales promotions have decreased. The increase in the Māori rate has led to higher net profits than in the past year (+30.87%), year-round profits and expectations in the market after the three-quarters.
In 2018, income of 79.6 billion yuan and total profits of $7.6 billion were exceeded by the target at the beginning of the year.The market share increased by 2.3 pct/0.5 pct/0.6 pct respectively.
The net interest rate has fallen the same year: a little over-expected in four quarters, income continued to grow in 2019, operating net cash flows grew benignly, capital expenditures were put on a long-term footing, and the vanguard advantage became more pronounced.
At the same time, in 2018, capital expenditure amounted to $5,091 million, mainly in terms of investment in production lines and business expansion, in addition to the acquisition of office buildings.
The growth targets for the next few years match. New businesses and overseas markets are set for the long term and will continue to invest 2,538 million yuan, in line with the company’s business approach and investment plan for 2019.
With the construction of the talent gradient, the leadership of the three or four-line city and county level, and so on, Eli’s leadership has become even more prominent. According to the company’s strategic goal, this year’s income is $10 billion, and next year’s income will be $500 billion.
The growth rate of the dairy industry as a whole is likely to slow down in 2019, and in order to sustain high income growth, continue to raise market position and market share, bridge the gap with major competitors, Eli will continue to grow.
At the same time, the contribution of new operations to income and profits has been limited at an early stage, but has increased cost-sharing. Moreover, the expansion of new operations and the setting-up of new businesses will increase some management costs in the short term.
So, sales costs will remain high, R & D, administrative costs, and financial costs will likely rise, and profits will be under pressure. Eli’s 2019 business plan is to achieve a total of $90 billion, with a total profit of $7.6 billion.
Revenue is 10 billion yuan, and profits are roughly the same as in 2018. Considering Eli's current market strategy and overall layout, and taking into account its core brand and product development, as well as the changes in cost, input, profitability, etc., over the last two months, we've judged net profit rates to be promising.
At a flat or a slight drop, total annual profits are expected to exceed the year-wide target. Based on declining growth rates and new operations, new teams are expected to become active in 2020, the net profit rate is expected to rise to the annual Ely shares rating: a little over-expected in the fourth quarter of the year, and income continued to grow at a high rate in 2019.
After the market has slowly accepted the idea that Eli’s income growth is ahead of profit growth, with an emphasis on increasing market share, it is important to see the performance and effectiveness of the company’s market strategy. At present, the situation is good, the firm’s goal of $500 billion is likely to be successfully achieved, and the vanguard is gaining ground.
Highlights. So, there's a premium on the valuation. According to 2019 performance, Beijing City West Side is opening nine North Street, Wally Enterprise.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report