Investment rating: buying (maintaining) Ili shares in the net return to the mother's share as compared to the increase of 7.31 per cent in the proposed cash dividend of $7.0 per cent.
Product innovation drives industry to develop cost-side pressures to squeeze profit space, corporate monolithics continue to thrive over the reporting period, companies continue to innovate over large monolithic systems that already exist, and gold-symbol “Anmush” “100% fluffy” “joyday” “Goldy crown” “Jollyday” and “Charlotz” are rare.
Revenue from the sale of priority products increased by 34.3 per cent over the same period, which was 5.6 percentage points higher than the previous year. The revenue from the split was $65,679 million in operating income from liquid milk series products, rising costs of purchasing raw materials, rising domestic prices of raw milk and many times during the year.
The impact of price increases, among other things, increases cost-side pressures to squeeze corporate profit margins. Corporate overall Māori penetration continued steadily to increase overseas and non-milk industry layouts during the reporting period.
The number of low-line liquid milk end-points served by the company reached 1.75 million at the end of 2018, an increase of 23.2 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
The market penetration rate for temperate milk is 82.3 per cent, an increase of 2.2 percentage points over the same period the previous year. The retail market share of infant and child formula is 5.8 per cent (+0.6 pct). In addition to continuing deep-deep farming in the dairy market, the company continues to promote the layout of overseas markets, i.e. non-milk industries, and buys Thai ice cream.
The layout of plant protein beverages, functional beverages, and mineral water plates continues, and it is hoped that the company’s new performance growth will be achieved through a strong network of channels in the future.
Eli, China’s largest and most full-scale dairy head, is in the forefront of the industry in white milk, yogurt milk, ice cream, milk powder, etc. Companies operate well, have a very high channel layout and sink, have more control over the channel, and can finely comb the interests of the various parties in the industrial chain.
Open Source Securities Co. Ltd. has a global layout, controls high-quality pastures at domestic gold-rich sources, and arranges resources in high-quality milk-producing countries such as Europe, Oceania.
Large health industries, such as drinking and functioning beverages, accelerate the strategic layout of healthy food operations.
The demand for product diversification is increasing, the importance of safety, health, and high quality quality is increasing, and Eli continues to create large health plates consistent with current and future mainstream consumption concepts. We value the company’s ability to develop products, deep down channels and marketing networks as the country’s leading milk industry.
Robust, continuous overseas layout and a higher rate of dividends are consistent with the value investment logic, maintaining corporate buyout. Figure 1: Eri shares historype, Figure 2: Erie shares historypb
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware. For the six months following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows; For the six months following the reporting date, the increase or decline in the industry relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.