Acquisition of the New Zealand Dairy Cooperative, Up-to-Up Milk Source, Inc. 18/03/2019: Ely acquired the second largest dairy cooperative in New Zealand through a fully-owned subsidiary, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
Westland has a 100 per cent stake in a trade swap of NZ$ 3.41 million per share, with a total of 7.2.1 million shares, and the second-largest dairy cooperative in New Zealand controls the supply of 4 per cent of the country’s original milk. Westland’s original milk supply accounts for 4 per cent of New Zealand’s annual supply, about 850,000 tons, and the supply of milk is stable and of good quality.
After 82 years, the main business has expanded to milk powder, butter, protein powder, high-temperature sterilizing products, and infant and child formula powder. As of July 18, the net assets of Westland were $230 million (approximately RMB 1.16 billion), 17.8-18.7 years, and westland was harvested.
693 million New Zealand dollars, an increase of 10 per cent over the same period; net profit of 560,000 New Zealand dollars (approx. RMB.
The milk source, with New Zealand as an intermediary, is expected to boost the global influence of Eli. 2) Raw material layout: The domestic per capita consumption of dairy products continues to be a long-line logic, with dairy companies taking a key step upstream.
About 12-14% of annual purchases by Erie (about 850,000 tonnes). New Zealand imports about 70% of our imported milk powder, and Erie further improves the raw material by gaining access to New Zealand's upstream resources.
It is hoped that the product will lead to the upgrading and synergy of Eli’s domestic products. It will lead to the positioning of international milk leaders, deepening industrial barriers, and 19 years of critical layout.
In 19 years, investment may have increased, and the South-East Asian market is expected to deepen, and globalization has shown its strength. According to grass-roots research, the northern region of Iraq has seen a rise in competition, a rise in access control, and a slight increase in Maori pressure.
Upgraded, brand-end marketing has been highly effective, maintaining visibility and continuously raising market brand awareness.3 Eli shares: high input barriers, profit predictions and investment ratings: industry prospects remain good, with companies offering wide publicity for Ferra upgrades
East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.