The pace of investment + investment development and the strength of institutional services consolidated 29/08/20: Merchant securities were published in the semi-annual report for 2020, generating operating income of $11,499 million, or +34.64%. The net return to the mother was $4,332 million, or the same amount.
Merchant securities (600,999.sh) Business development is robust, institutional services are strong, and profit-making industries are ahead. Brokering markets are becoming more dominant and wealth management is moving ahead in an orderly manner.
4.14 per cent of H1 was raised to 4.20 per cent, net revenue from agent trading securities was 2,913 million yuan, compared with 34 per cent in the previous year, and the ranking of industry was raised from 7th to 3rd in the same period last year. Companies continued to promote the transformation of identity and differentiated wealth management by actively marketing Internet channels along with good traditional marketing practices, promoting “brain-and-brain” applications, creating a social model of “securities wealth plus”, with 3,783 million live-time users in the first half of the year, an increase of 25.3 per cent from the end of 2019.
The Division optimized its wealth management plan for “smart finance”, provided diversified configuration services, optimized its client structure, increased the number of high-net clients of companies by 36.98 per cent over the same period, continued with surrogate payments, increased market equity financing by a factor of equal size, corporate equity finance owners by $10,669 million, 23 per cent over the same period, and maintained industry ranking ninth; of these, ipo
In the first half of 2020, in the case of bond underwriting, the Merchant Bonds (600999, sh) investment and institutional operations, “larger than the size of the industry credit asset securitization business, which has shrunk by 41.78%, and corporate assets in support of securities in the amount of $47,242 million, which ranks fifth in terms of private equity.
With regard to the investment of the Fund, and due to the adverse effects of economic downsides and the pressure on investment activity to slow down, firms still have to raise, invest, manage and withdraw large amounts of long-term capital. Progress has been made in raising 3 billion dollars, which has accumulated more than 1.7 billion yuan in such sectors as health, tmt and high-end manufacturing, and three of the enterprises that have been invested have been listed in ipos, six have been supported or audited, with withdrawals exceeding 1.6 billion yuan, and the investment rate has been excellent.
In the first half of 2020, the company promoted a small process of “investment of treasures” to enhance the agency’s customer-specific investment services. \triangleright, the lead broker, increased its investment in the “geetek institutional trading services system” and upgraded the entire asset investment management, rapid trading, and strategic trade suits.
In the Fund's hosting business, the company insists on making a transition to an integrated financial service level, using financial technology to boost efficiency, building a coordinated marketing system based on the company's rich platform resources. As of the end of June 2020, the company hosted outsourced products.
For the sixth consecutive year, the number of corporate private fund-raising and public fund-raising hosting products has been in the forefront of the industry.
Investment rating: firm sound operations, balanced business development, combined strength, investment advantages are clear, consistent with the upward trend in direct financing. Companies have a strong institutional service capacity, leading in areas such as pb operations, funds doing market operations, etc. Continued progress in capital market reforms, securities firms, etc.
In the broader context of accelerated industrial concentration, firm profitability is expected to continue to rise, depending on business leadership in such areas as corporate investment, investment and wealth management. Risk factors include significant capital market volatility, which disrupts and shocks corporate wealth management operations, self-investment operations, asset management operations, etc.; less than expected speed of clearance of venture boards, start-up boards and registration systems, leading to less than expected investment and investment performance; and less than expected progress in the transformation of corporate wealth management.
Figure 3: Revenue from securities exchange financial products from 2017 to 2020h1. Wang Ji Dynasty, a master ' s degree in international finance from the University of Duren Enterprises, United Kingdom. He has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry and General Manager of the Chinese Ministry of Leasing. He was a member of the Sino-China Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 and was responsible for non-monetary financial research.
Judinin, a master’s degree in finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan’s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for non-banking finance. Wang, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for non-bank finance.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.