(a) Relying on the National Energy Group, taking full advantage of industrial synergies, the ratio of coal to coal at the end of 21 years
Over 90 per cent, and coal prices are significantly lower than those of their counterparts; 2) total acceleration of new energy operations, 14th Five-Year New Energy Plan, 35gw, 21-25 year wind-loader cagr up to 55 per cent and up to the top of the industry; 3) higher levels of hydropower consumption in the hyperpressure era, upward trend in marketized electricity prices, company hydropower plates
• Reliance on national energy groups, taking advantage of the synergies of the group industries and low levels of unit prices for coal in the stoves. Companies take advantage of the synergies of the integrated industry of the group's “coal pipeline” and work to upgrade their domestic good-quality long-term co-ordinated coal.
The carbon resource ratio and delivery rate are 190 million tons of coal purchased by companies in 21 years, of which 175 million tons, or 92 per cent, are in the form of coal. The unit price of coal in the stove is 900 yuan per ton, well below that of other companies in the industry, and the cost advantage is clear.
In 21 years, the company's investment returns amounted to $3.26 billion. 14 new energy plans were over-expected, debt was well-structured, and installed targets were secure. The company followed the strategic layout of the group, defining a new strategic orientation for the New Energy Development Master Force, which was planned for the 1455 period.
With the addition of a 35gw wind-loader, it is expected that the share of clean energy will rise to more than 40%, and that the 21-25 year wind-light structure will provide a new advantage for the development of new energy sources. “Superhigh voltage + market power” is expected to lead to a further increase in hydropower profitability.
In Sichuan province, the development of 18 escalator power plants has exceeded 50 billion kwh per year, or 85 per cent of the company's hydropower capacity; Sichuan province is now entering the age of ultra-high voltage transmission, and during the “14th Five-Five-Five” period is planned to establish a “six-Six-Six-Six-Sixie” link to the Chinese, North-West, Chongqing, Tibet and other power grids, with the largest evacuation capacity across the districts.
In addition, in 21 years, the company will charge 266.1 yuan/megawatt-hours for hydroelectric connection in Sichuan province.
It is expected that the level of profitability of utilities will increase further. $M/7.97 billion, or 28.9 per cent of cagr; taking into account the company ' s power-fired cost advantages, the synergies of operations 1.1 rely on the national energy group and the asset structure continues to be optimized
As the second largest power company in the country, the company is now working to transform and upgrade the transition.
In September 2021, the company and the group signed an agreement on asset-exchange, under which the company would dispose of non-power-generating assets, such as finance, chemicals, etc., to the national energy group.
Since then, the company has focused on centralization, focusing on the main power sector. The company’s operations in 2021 included electricity, coal, heat, chemicals and others, while the increase in revenue from the electricity sector in 2021 was mainly due to the increase in the installed capacity of the company’s fleet and its assets.
The company’s resources are now focused on power masters, enabling the company to pool its resources and deploy its power operations. A “double carbon” strategic opportunity is being pursued to accelerate a clean low-carbon transformation.
In late 2021, the Department held a holding capacity of 99.8gw, of which 77.4gw, or about 77.5%, operated a fire power plant; in addition to the company's total power generation of 464.1 billion kilowatt-hours, the company's power structure was still dominated by fire power, and its power generation capacity was still high.
The power supply structure and layout is continuously optimized by the National Energy Group. The Holdings State Energy Group holds the company directly.
50.7% of the shares, and the original shareholders of the Chinese State Power and Senghua Group, were jointly restructured to be called the National Energy Group, which then had the “coal Electrification” whole-sector layout. Coal, coal, electricity, and coal-based oil-chemicals are the largest in the world. The company's resilience to the risks was significantly improved by benefiting from the complete and unique integrated business model of the coal production chain of the Group.
A platform for the consolidation of power-generating assets, the group committed itself to avoiding competition with corporate partners and actively implementing them. The asset swap between the company and the group in September 2021 led to an increase in the company’s presence and a focus on the power industry.
Production, coal-chemicals and integrated use, conventional energy generation, clean energy generation, power generation equipment, energy-saving services, rail transport, port industry, etc....with the synergies of the integrated industry of the “coal circuit port” operation. In 2019, the company and the Chinese god-hwa funded the formation of the Beijing National Electricity Company Ltd. and improved competition among their counterparts.
Co-development of the company’s upstream and downstream industrial chain. Projects cover the fields of fire power, utilities, coal.
In addition, the company ' s coal investment project in 2021 made a significant contribution, with two coal companies accounting for 27.3 per cent and 20.3 per cent, respectively, and the company ' s investment project for the fire and electricity industry chain was configured to facilitate the synergistic development of the company ' s fire and electricity business.
The company’s management has been active in the electricity industry for many years, with a wealth of experience in doing business. The change in the core management of the company began in June 2021, and the continuous change in management has injected fresh blood into the company’s development.
The year-long work experience of the Jayan soldiers, Roméjian, Xiaobao-Hing, Yangqin and Liu Xing, among others, has also been active in the electricity sector for many years, with rich industry experience, and this adjustment has also helped to leverage the work experience accumulated by relevant executives to stimulate more dynamic change. 1.2 Companies perform more resiliently and have a good asset-debt structure
The year-to-year increase in corporate revenue in 2021 was due mainly to an increase in the installed capacity of the company's new crews and assets; in 2021, the company's net return was lower than the year-on-year, mainly due to the historically high price of coal from power and fire, leading to a significant increase in operating costs. As the company's asset structure has been optimized in recent years, the price of coal has been added to the price of coal.
The control policy identifies a reasonable price range of $570-770 per ton for medium- and long-term trading in coal, and the company’s profit cycle affected by the cost of coal will be eased, with the company’s future performance expected to rebound and positive growth expected. Companies are more profitable, leading the IEC team.
Co-optimal, corporate cost control levels are at the forefront of the industry, particularly in 2021, where the company ' s Māori ratio, which is 7.3 per cent in the face of a large increase in coal prices, has declined horizontally, but the vertical comparative advantage has been strong, while the ratio of revenue from China ' s electricity/favour industry has measured the cash output capacity of companies, which has been at the forefront for seven consecutive years, in 2021.
In 21 years, the company has increased the quality of its inventory assets by taking significant losses in terms of impairment of assets in the face of industry adversity. In 21 years, the company has lost $330 million in impairment of new energy assets and $40 million in credit impairment. In the meantime, in 21 years, the company's fire plan has reduced the value of its assets.
The loss of $1.49 billion and the credit loss of $100 million is due mainly to the large impairments due to the failure to meet the national policy requirements and the bankruptcy caused by long-term losses, environmental requirements, etc. At present, however, the company has largely implemented the downside phase-out of the fleet and the upgrading of the classification of high-coal consumption units. In addition, the company is continuing to strengthen environmental governance.
The company’s asset-liability rate and long-term debt stock are low levels, and the asset structure is healthy, and there is ample room for debt over 21 years, after substantial impairment losses due to the phase-out of the fleet or environmental requirements, and as the quality of the stock assets improves, it is expected that corporate profits will be substantially repaired in the future.
In March 2022, the company announced its intention to issue a debt financing tool for non-financial enterprises in the interbank bond market of not more than $60 billion, compared to the permanent debt stock of the different coal- and power-conversion enterprises in 2021, with a permanent debt of $1.98 billion.
By the end of 2020, the company had received a total of $41.6 billion in letters from major lending banks, such as the Chinese Bank and Bank, and a total of $23.29 billion in outstanding letters.
For the more abundant, the repayment of mature debt has a better guarantee and solvency. 2 A steady boost to the fire power business, with industry collaborating to highlight the cost advantage of 2.1 a steady increase in the capacity of the power charger and a steady medium performance indicator.
In 2021, 52gw, or 29% of the country ' s new power generation, was added. The total capacity of 1297gw, or 54.6% of the total capacity, was increased by around 2% per year.
In December 2021, the Central Economic Conference did not reaffirm the objective of “building new power systems based on new sources of energy” as stated in the Opinion on Complete and Accurate Implementation of the New Concept of Development for Carbon Neutrality and Work. Instead, it emphasized that “coal-based conditions are essential”.
In the light of the recent rise in coal prices and the huge losses faced by coal-fired enterprises, this shift in policy has sent a positive signal that the country still values the power industry. It can be expected that, for a long time to come, electricity will continue to dominate the electricity supply.
In 2019, the company consolidated its high-quality electric power assets, formed the Beijing State Electric Company Ltd. with 57.5% of the company's shares in a joint venture with some of China's thermal and electrical assets. In 2021, the company completed a transfer of assets to the National Energy Group, and made non-power generation, including finance, chemicals, etc.
Main business assets, which were placed in high-quality conventional energy generating assets in six provinces, Shandong and Fujian, further opened up conventional energy development platforms in six provinces, accounting for 66.6 per cent of the capacity of the power plant, 19 units of 1 million kW and above, and a weight of 24.6 per cent of the capacity of the power plant, which collectively produced 38.94 billion kWh, an increase of 11.9 per cent over 2020 and continued to make a profit.
The company speeded up the digital transformation, and the fire power unit was ahead of the hour. In recent years, the company's lighter unit has been using more hours than the national average. In 2021, the company's lighter unit used 5118h hours, an increase of 499 hours, which is 15% higher than the national average. The main reason was the company's continued focus on business needs, moving the digital platform to build and calculate models.
Design and application scenario development, with continuous release of data value. Development of applications such as economic operations, equipment management, and safety and environmental protection in fire panels focuses on the development of economic operations, equipment management, and safety and environmental protection.
gram/kWh. Fire power plants use 4.75% of electricity, a reduction of 0.10 percentage points in the same year. The company’s second generation, unit 8, completed high back pressure re-engineering, reduced the consumption of single machine coal by more than 40 g/kWh, providing technical support and security for the company’s later generation to expand the heating market and improve the efficiency of power generation.
Figure 27: Average power consumption of company-fired generators is decreasing year by year
From one plant to a market price, the price of electricity in the country has been increasing. Prior to 2004, we introduced one plant, each power plant was priced separately by the government. In April 2004, the DRC issued a Circular on the Regulation of Prices for Further Distillation Compromises, which consolidated and promulgated the Internet prices for new plant units in the provinces, marking them.
(b) In 2011-2016, the price of electricity on the Internet was lowered three times; in 2017-2018, the average price of electricity on the Internet remained stable: in September 2019, the State Council, at its standing session, decided to cancel it as of 1 January 2020;
Coal Power Price Linking Mechanism, which changed the plaque to a market-based mechanism for “baseline price plus up-and-down floating”, with base prices determined on the basis of local tariffs for coal-fired power poles, with a floating range of not more than 10 per cent up and not more than 15 per cent down in principle: our market-based reforms in electricity prices continued to accelerate in 2021, and the National Development and Reform Commission issued a report on further deepening of coal combustion.
According to the Circular on the Reform of Marketized Electricity Prices for Networking Electricity, the price of the coal-fired electricity market has been expanded to “the price of the high energy-consuming enterprise market is not subject to a 20% upward trend.” In May 2022, more than 20% of the price of electricity remained high, with more than 20% in the provinces.
In May 2022, the average price of Internet access in all regions of the country was 0.3912/kWh. In Shanghai, Guangdong, Zhejiang and Hainan, the average price of Internet access exceeded 0.5/kWh. Of this, the highest price was in Guangdong, where it reached 0.5535/kWh, and the lowest price was in the Green Sea, where it was 0.154/kWh.
The impact of the epidemic is that eight regions, Shanghai, Zhejiang, and Guangdong, have tight electricity supply and demand, with a premium of more than 20%. Companies are taking advantage of policy developments to promote a simultaneous increase in the price of marketed electricity, with 22q1 having a 90% share.
A steady increase has been made to ensure that the market share of electricity traded by companies is higher than that of capacity and that the basic volume of electricity is stabilized. In 2021, the Department participated in a marketed trade of 27,79 billion kilowatt hours, accounting for 63.1 per cent of the electricity on the Internet. The average price of electricity on the Internet for companies was 361.3 yuan/marketized transactions was 94.1 per cent of the electricity on the Internet, and the average price of electricity on the Internet was 453 yuan/megawatt hours.
Large markets have developed, with a focus on price increases, a science-based market-trading pricing strategy that promotes market-based electricity price increases. 2.3 By building industrial synergies with parent companies, the low-cost advantages of fire power are highlighted. National coal regulatory regulatory policies have been linked, increasing coal supply stability. In the first half of 2021, coal has been used as a source of coal.
As a result, the Government has repeatedly proposed ideas and measures to increase coal production by increasing the cost of production downstream. The country has continued to issue a price-fixing policy requiring the coal industry to increase production, while also strengthening the regulation of middle- and long-term coal co-ops and compliance credits, organizing 100% coverage of medium- and long-term coal contracts for electricity generation and heating, and strengthening coal in accordance with the law.
Since 2022, good news on the coal power industry has come to light, and documents relating to the long-term supply of coal at reasonable prices and the application of a zero-tax rate on imports of coal will be in effect as of 1 May. Since 2022, our coal supply has increased steadily, and the price of coal has fallen significantly since April. In March 2022, the main coal production factor was coal.
The provinces and districts have made a major effort to increase their capacity to produce 40 million tons of raw coal, an increase of 14.8 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 4.5 pp faster than in January-February, with an average daily output of 12.7 million tons. After a short-term hike in March, coal prices fell sharply in April, mainly as a result of Indonesia’s ban in late March, which led to a sharp decline in coal imports in February, and in the aftermath of the conflict in the Russian Federation, foreign oil and gas prices, among other energy sources.
In April, there was an increase in the upstream supply of coal markets, while seasonal consumption in the low season to the 6th of June, the price of powered coal on the island of Qin fell by $420 per ton from its peak of 24 March 22, while the cost of coal led the parent company to rely on the integrated business model of the “coalway port” with significant inter-industry synergies.
In 2020, the top five suppliers of the company ' s electricity business were subsidiaries of the National Energy Group, with purchases taking place at the company ' s current level.
The integrated “coal-electric-road-port-air” model of operations has significantly enhanced company operations The distribution of coal-fired power assets along the eastern coast, large coal power bases and outlet channels, with wide distribution of coal routes. In 2021, more than 100 million tons of coal was produced in the first six provinces nationwide, totalling 3.50 billion tons, representing more than the country's size.
The coal industry produces 85.9% of the original coal production, in both Shanxi and Inner Mongolia provinces, more than 1 billion tonnes.
There are deployments in areas such as the West, close to the original coal-producing areas, easy transport, the cost of transportation of coal can be controlled, and the competitive edge of the market is clear: the largest coal producer in the world, rich reserves of coal resources and good coal quality. The National Energy Group of companies owns 79 coal mines, of which more than 10 million tons produce coal.
Among them, the Shinjiang region is the world’s first 200 million tons of modern large coal production base, with millions of tons of mines such as turbo towers and Dalyu towers, the largest single-well coal mine in the world, and the alpine mine in the alpine region, the Black Trench mine, the largest open-air coal mine in the country.
The group is the country's second largest railway operator, with 2,155 km of self-employed railways. The natural existence of power coal production and consumption in the country is spatially misallocated, with more or less coal in the north and less in the west and less in the east, creating a pattern of “South and East of North and West Coal” so that railways are the best option for long-range transport of coal, which has always accounted for more than 60 per cent of the total coal transport.
With 2,155 km of self-owned railways, the country’s 2nd largest transit route to the east of West Coal, with a capacity of more than 500 million tons per year, and nearly 50,000 self-contained railway trucks, the group is an important link to integrated coal, electricity, roads, ports, shipping, oil, and chemicalization. Companies take full advantage of the synergies of the integrated industry of the group, with more than 90% of the LCJ coal ratio and a significantly lower cost of coal entering the stove than their counterparts.
Faced with the sharp rise in coal prices, the company took advantage of the synergies of the integrated industry of the group “coal pipeline”, and made efforts to increase the proportion and rate of delivery of the coal resources of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, to capture the purchasing structure and pace, optimize the purchase of coal seeds and heat, and further refine coal blending. In 2021, the company purchased 191 million tons of coal, of which 175 million tons, or a percentage of the total, were purchased.
Ninety-two per cent; 120 million tons of coal on the stove, far below the unit price of 900 yuan per tonne of coal on the stove, with a clear corporate lead in the coal-fired Māori industry, but a combined loss of assets and credit impairment of $5.1 billion. Since August 2021, coal prices have risen significantly, and the operating costs of the coal-fired enterprises have increased significantly, resulting in significant losses.
In addition, in 2021, in the case of a net loss of $5.90 billion in profits on pyrotechnic plates, the company still recorded an asset impairment loss of $1.84 billion, and a credit impairment loss of $3.29 billion.
3 New energy operations are on the move to capture the new energy highlands, 3.1 new energy planning is more than expected, and the firm is building on its basic development base. The company continues to push for the development of new energy on a scale that will increase the capacity of the company to install new energy sources.
Development of the strategic positioning of the main forces, accelerating green development, and increasing the capacity of new energy sources every year. 0.5gw of new or registered wind power installed in 2015-2021, 6.1gw of photovoltaic power installed, and completion of seven new energy acquisitions, totalling 0.9gw. Companies are continuously optimizing their power generation structures to improve clean and efficient low-carbon power generation.
A significant increase in wind power and photovoltaic power generation. In 2021, the company wind power enterprise cumulatively completed 15.20 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, with 14.35 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity going up, an increase of 14.3 per cent and 14.3 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year, and a total of 430 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generated by photovoltaics, an increase of 34.5 per cent and 31.4 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year.
The company's new energy asset layout is highly superior and spread in resource-rich areas. The company continues to promote “base, field, distributed” wind power, photovoltaic project scientific layouts, and its autonomous development is synchronized with scientific M&As. The focus is on better resource endowments in inner Mongolia and Xinjiang.
Large wind and light base projects, such as the Western Corridor, have been developed to speed up the development of boost-station projects, strengthen the development and maintenance of roof-distributed photovoltaic projects, and actively develop large-scale wind and light assets from large offshore wind and power projects. Companies have seized on new energy development opportunities, with 1450 new energy planners, 35gw, exceeding expectations.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company will accelerate the development of new sources of energy and the upgrading of coal capacity, and will plan for a new 35gw, which is expected to increase the company’s share of clean energy installed to over 40%, catching up with the new energy sources of other affiliates under the umbrella of the consortium. In addition, the company will be determined to implement the requirement of “no new offshore coal power projects” to implement green low-carbon development,
The internationalization of the concept of differentiated development, symbiotic ecological development, innovative development, and the development of green-field bidding and mergers and acquisitions for new energy sources in key regions such as South-East Asia, South Asia, Central Asia, and Latin America helped transform companies.
The Group's strategic layout, which sets out a new strategic orientation for the “building of conventional power-conversion leaders, new energy development leaders, world-class firms and leaders,” has resulted in a much higher-than-expected new energy loading plan during the 14th Five-Year Planner period. Based on new energy loads by electricity operators in late 2021 and new energy-loading targets in 2025, the country's electric power generation is 14 F-50.
With 55% cagr, fourth in the industry, the new energy panel is growing significantly. The company promotes the development of new energy projects on a full-line basis, guaranteeing the completion of the 14th Five-Year Plan. The company fully implements the “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” goal.
In 2022, capital spending on new energy projects was $6.100 billion. In 2022, the Department ' s planned capital expenditure on new energy projects was $14.07 billion, more than double that in 2020, and the company ' s new energy reserves exceeded 10gw, highlighting the company ' s confidence in a clean energy transition.
The company ' s new energy focus, which is over 5 billion dollars in size, reflects a long-term trend of rapid growth in its new energy operations. In 2021, the company ' s new energy focus was 5.81 billion yuan in size, 19 per cent in light-voltage and 81 per cent in wind-fired projects.
About 80% of the project has been completed. It can be expected that the size of the company's wind and light units will increase rapidly over the next two years and become a central driver of the company's performance.
Fire and electricity assets have a cash flow advantage, and power companies quickly develop new sources of energy. New energy development demands a lot of money, and the financial capacity of the public sector is high. Fire and power companies rely on fire and electricity, which can have a more stable cash flow in normal business situations, with some financial advantage for green power transformation.
The net cash flow generated by the operation in 2020 amounted to $36.5 billion, the large depreciation of electricity and electricity assets in 2021, in addition to buyers resulting from the increase in the price of primary coal, resulted in a cash flow far higher than profit, and the depreciation and amortization of $17.8 billion by companies in 2021, providing a solid basis for the development of the new public energy business.
Since 2021, governments have been actively exploring new ways to adapt new energy sources to light power flexibility, to upgrade the capacity of new power sources to absorb electricity and power grids. Inner Mongolia and North Africa, successively explore new ways to link the capacity of fire to the capacity of fire power.
In February 2022, the city proposed a competitive allocation of 380,000 kilowatts of new energy projects to transform the energy flexibility of the city. It is expected that the future capacity of the power-team boom will be an important enabler for the company’s new energy development.
In 2021, the company invested $9.55 billion in capital costs of the company's technology adaptation programme. This will enable the company to make full use of the coal power supply, the power supply, and the upscaling,
The market value of FM support services and access to new energy project resources through deep-scale upgrading have played an important role in contributing to the construction of a “generic reserve” and a multi-energy complementary energy base. During the year, the National Development Reform Commission, the National Energy Authority and the National Energy Authority identified the first major wind surges focusing on deserts, Gobis, deserts, and deserts.
The company is expected to implement the "Fire" using the power of the engine unit and the advantages of the existing outlet.
Electricity+New Energy+Stamp” development strategy, which will lead to more base projects in the future and the development of new sources of energy across the board.4 Hydropower development adapted to local conditions, with increasing profitability, 4.1 hydroelectricity is stable and multiple aircraft will be operational by the end of the 14th century
By the end of 2021, the Ministry of Electricity and Water held 15 per cent of the total holdings and was building 4.0gw. As a result of the hydroelectric plant, the company is expected to start operating 1.9gw in 2024-2025.
Kawakawa and Xinjiang, which are responsible for the development of 18 escalator power plants in the Sichuan River Basin, account for 85.2 per cent of the company’s total annual hydroelectric power generation in Sichuan province, while the company is active in the orderly development of hydropower under a new power system with large-scale, high-quality hydroelectric loads that give the company a great deal of potential for water-pumping power generation.
The company has been steadily promoting hydropower development, and the hydroelectric advantage has helped it to access the resources of the pumping energy project. At present, the company is actively developing electricity and water in an orderly manner, building a power plant of 3.95 million kilowatts, mainly 430,000 kilowatts (kW) for the Xinjiang Kaidu Holgu, 2 million kilowatts (kW) for the Two Rivers, 860,000 kW for the Kinikawa River, 300,000 kW3 for the pillow dam level II, 360,000 kW3 for the sand pad level, which will be "10"
The combination of hydropower and secondary energy will help improve the asset structure of good companies, enhance their resilience to rising coal prices, stabilize future profitability, smooth economic growth, and slow down the cycle. The company’s hydropower advantage will also help to gain access to water-pumping energy project resources, which are now available in Anhui, Jiangxi, Guang.
The company, as the national energy consortium’s platform for the integration of conventional energy generation operations, is expected to receive high-quality asset injections from major shareholders in the future. The company’s main operators of hydropower assets are able to cross the river for their controlling subsidiary countries (69% of national electricity and electricity holdings and national energy reserves).
In 2010, China, the owner of the company, China, issued a letter on the resolution of matters related to competition with China's electricity and electricity and decided to treat the company as a Chinese electric fire.
In the future, the company is expected to gain 21% of the country’s remaining shares in the National Energy Group, further develop the role of the National Energy Group as a fire power, hydropower integration platform, and continuously improve the quality of listed companies.
The company’s revenues from the sale of hydropower have increased year by year, making it the company’s profits. From 2015 to 2020, the company’s hydropower capacity increased year by year, with annual hydropower generation reaching 60 billion kilowatt-hours in 2020. In 2021, the cumulative electricity generated by the hydroelectric industry declined by 2.2% from the same year, mainly due to a reduction in water availability in the river basin over the same period.
In 2021, the company achieved operating income of $16.190 billion, of which the pyrotechnic plate was lost in profit and loss of $5.90 billion in net profits, and the water and power plate. The company focused on scientific and technological inputs to develop storage technology for large hydropower projects.
A rolling, integrated approach to development, and an orderly push for the development of river basin ladder hydroelectric plants, the cost of scientific research has increased from year to year, reaching $500 million in 2021. The main expenditure is on the advancement of science and technology projects and on technological changes related to the technological frontier, as well as on the company's ability to develop storage technologies for energy conservation, environmental governance, large hydropower projects.
Rivers have been very effective in the conversion of flood resources. The country has been able to cross rivers through meteorological and water-emotional forecasting techniques that accurately predict the flow of water, water and rain conditions in the region, trying to peak as much as possible in the form of power-generating reservoirs before the flood peaks, and implementing real-time, medium- and small-scale flood control and early water storage techniques at the end of the decade, with policies that support the reuse of reservoirs for flood treatment.
Significant efficiency gains have been achieved. 4.2 “Superhigh voltage + market power”, opening up hydropower for profit, with two major hydroelectric bases and a new peak in the river basin during the 1455s. The company is in Sichuan.
The river basins, the Xinjiang ploughing of the Kash river basin, and the Liao Ningchang river basin are actively developing large- and medium-sized hydropower and watershed development and intensive management. Among these, the river hydroelectric base and the north-east hydroelectric base are among the large hydroelectric bases in the country, ranked fifth and eighth, respectively, among the 13 major hydro-energy bases planned by the country.
According to the 13th Five-Year Plan for Hydropower Development, the total installed capacity of the river area is 25.24 million kilowatts and the total installed capacity of the Northeast Hydropower Base is 18.6 million kilowatts. It can be expected that the company's full-scale hydroelectric unit will continue to contribute to profits and cash flows for its medium- and long-term development.
In 2019, Sichuan Province developed the Implementation Programme for the Construction of the Hydroelectric Discharge Industry Model Area in Sichuan Province, and the state of water disposal in Kawakawa Province.
The company is also increasing the number of hours of water and electricity use through the introduction of watershed pooling and stairwelling. In 2020, the company’s electricity and water use amounted to 4192h, the first of its 4000h. The Sichuan province’s opening of an era of ultra-high voltage transmission is expected to solve the bottlenecks in the delivery of electricity and water.
In addition to the three ultra-high-pressure direct transmission lines, the Sichuan Province's 14th Energy Development Plan specifies that during the "14th-Five" period it will be built to build 800 kVt in Yatsing-Gangxi, Crane Beach-Gangsu and Crane Beach-Zanjiang, high-pressure direct-flow projects, Ganz-Sun-Sun-Sun-Tun-Tun-Tung-Tung-dong, Dam-Tung-Dao-Tung-Tung-Tung-Tung-Tung-King-King-King-King.
The ultra-high voltage exchange transmission project, which culminated in a “six-thousand-thousand” connection to electricity grids such as Huadong, North-West, Chongqing and Tibet, constantly sending Sichuan hydropower sources to the eastern region, with a maximum evacuation capacity of more than 30 million kW across the regions and provinces, has resulted in an overall increase in Sichuan grids' adaptability to new power systems dominated by new sources of energy and power security.
In 2021, the company increased the cost of electricity to Sichuan, at a cost of $266.1/MW, compared to 37.7% in 2024-2025, when the company’s hydropower project was expected to continue production, and the share of hydropower assets in the asset structure continued to rise.
The following key assumptions for branch revenue and cost, by type of operation, can be made in conjunction with past business data:
Assumption 2: Given the year-to-year improvement in the water and electricity consumption conditions in Sichuan Province, the company’s water and electricity prices are expected to be higher, we can split the net profits and net assets of the company’s operations, based on the financial information on the segment’s operations disclosed in the company’s 21-year annual report. For the net profits of the segment, the company has spent 21 years on fire, hydropower, wind, wind, and water, before offsetting off the inter-branch.
The net profits of the coal four business blocks are 59.0/250.0/13.0/18.2 million yuan, while the total net profits of the company for 21 years are 34.2 billion yuan after taking into account other business and inter-branch offsets. For the net assets of the subsectors, the net assets of the company in 21 were 848/295.220/77 billion yuan, respectively, before offsetting the inter-branch offsets.
After offsetting the effects of his business and inter-branch operations, the company ' s combined net assets in 21 years were $111.2 billion, and we projected the profits of the company ' s business portfolios in 22-24, taking into account historical data, with the following core assumptions:
(b) Scenario 6: offsets between segments of the company are mainly borne by fire power and net offset profits as a percentage of receipts are calculated at 2.0 per cent.
In 22 years, we gave 0.8 times pb for the company's fire power business, with a market value of $17.6 billion for the fire panel target. Data on the company's fire and power unit loader, equity loader, and inter-branch offsetting of net assets are available.
With an assets of about $22 billion and an average of 0.91 per cent per pb for three fire and electricity companies, considering the synergies of the company's fire and electricity operations with the integrated industry of the company's coal pipeline, the profitability of the fire and electricity operations remains constrained by high coal prices, with the company being given 0.8 times pb per plate in 2022, with a market value of $17.6 billion.
We split the profits forecast for each segment of the future company ' s business, with a net return on the company ' s hydropower business expected to be about $1.390 billion in 2022 and an average of 18.0 per cent for the three comparable companies in 2022, taking into account that the company ' s hydropower future is expected to benefit more than once, with a market value of $24.9 billion for the plate target.
For corporate business, we give 22 years and 20 times the market value of windboard targets of 29.8 billion yuan. Based on our projections of the profits of the future branches of the company’s business panels, it is expected that in 2022 the net profit of corporate business operations will be on the home side, and for corporate coal operations, we give 22 years and 1.0 times the pb, with the market value of coal plate targets of 7.7 billion yuan.
The company ' s 21-year annual report disclosed that, by the end of 2021, the net assets of the company ' s coal plate stood at $7.66 billion and the average value of the three coals compared to the company ' s pb was 1.83, but given the non-counting of inter-branch offsets, the company ' s net coal asset may be inflated and the coal cycle is strong, the high pb valuation is difficult to maintain, and we gave the company ' s coal plate 1.0 times pb in 2022.
Coal prices continue to run risks, new energy is not growing as expected, and hydropower is not working as expected. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.