Type of report: Corporate studies
By the end of 2021, the company held a stock capacity of 99.81gw; equity installed 49.77gw, of which electricity, electricity, wind, wind, etc. accounted for 66%, 21%, 13%, respectively. The company relied on the National Energy Group for 91.6% of coal in 2021, and the company ' s coal-fired power profitability was ahead of the industry in the event of high coal prices.
In 2021, the quality of the company's fire and electricity assets was significantly improved, replacing high-quality fire power by over 11gw. With the current policy of price stabilization and improved profits, future cash flows of around $50 billion a year will be a powerful boost to investment in new energy sources, and future projects such as photovoltaics will grow empty.
The price of coal is guaranteed, the pyrotechnic plate is expected to be repaired on a profitable basis. In 2021, the price of coal went up, the business cost of the pyrotechnic plate rose by 40.1% on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a loss of performance.
Along the same lines, the power supply costs of the fire power business are better than those of other enterprises in the industry, with relatively small losses. In 2022, a series of policies, such as the increase in the range of price fluctuations for coal security and market-based transactions, were gradually falling, and the company ' s share of the fuel plate would be on the rise and its performance expected to improve.
In 2022, the company proposed a new energy loader of 4.84gw. At the end of the year, the wind loader capacity reached 7,436.5 thousand kW in several provinces.
In terms of volume, the company is one of the “troikas” in the new energy development of the National Energy Group, and the development of new energy resources is further accelerated, with 35gw new energy loaders planned for the 14th Five-Year Plan, which will be more than 40% clean energy. In addition, the company's new and old operations are co-ordinated.
It is hoped that it will increase its project acquisition capacity to help accelerate the transformation of new energy sources.I. Corporate development, physical control of people and equity structures.
The business integration platform, covering the fields of fire power, hydropower, wind power, light power, coal, is located in 28 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country and is one of the country's largest electricity listing companies. By the end of 2021, the company's total assets had been set up as the National Electricity Development Company.
In 2022, the company established a new strategic orientation for “Creating conventional power generation leaders, new energy development leaders, world-class business builders.” By the end of 2021, the company had 77,399.96 kilowatts (kW), of which 600,000 kW and more had a combined capacity.
66.55 per cent, or 24.55 per cent, of the installed capacity of 1 million kilowatts and above; 1,497.24 million kilowatts, or 15 per cent of the total; 7.08 per cent of the total, of the wind and electrical installed; and 36.59 million kW, or 1.1.1. shareholders and actual controllers of the total holdings
On March 2, 2018, the National Energy Group made a commitment to avoid peer competition in national electricity by explicitly using national electricity as a national energy source.
The Group ' s conventional energy generation integration platform (including power, electricity and water) gradually injects assets from conventional energy generation operations (other than the assets of the consortium ' s other holding companies and related assets of the region where the regional conventional energy generation companies are listed) into the country ' s 2.1 main operations and products
The company is a national publicly-owned power generation company controlled by the National Energy Group, operating mainly in electricity, thermal production and marketing, in the fields of fire power, hydropower, wind power, photovoltaic power and coal, distributed throughout the country's 28 provinces, cities, autonomous regions, and in the regions with developed medium-sized economies of China and China as a proportion of the total equity installed by the Fire and Power Plants.
67.06 per cent. The company’s performance is directly influenced by the amount of electricity generated (heat supply), the price of electricity (heat price) and the price of fuel, and technology innovation, development strategies, etc., have long-term drivers for the company’s performance. Companies are taking a full step forward in the development of new energy sources, seizing the “14th Five” period of strategic opportunity, and moving the new energy projects forward on the whole line.
In 2021, 89.34 kW of wind power and photovoltaic net installed, of which 73.95 kW of wind power installed in Jiangxi, Anhui, Shandong, etc., and 15.39 kW of photovoltaic power installed in Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Ningxia, etc. By the end of 2021, the company had completed the approved or filed wind installed units of 470,000 kW, and light
Volvo installed 609.19 million kilowatts; seven new energy projects were completed and acquired, totalling 94.105 million kilowatts, including the Merger and Purchase of 512.05 million kilowatt-distributed photovoltaic projects for the new energy source in Thailand, and the company steadily promoted conventional energy development, with a new capacity of 1.05 million kilowatts in 2021, including internal capacity.
1 million kilowatts (kW) and 50,000 kilowatts (kW) for the third phase of the upper part of the Mongolian Temple of Shanghai; 354,000 kilowatts (kW) for the construction of a fire electrical unit, mainly for the Shanghai Temple project of 3 x 1 million kW and 504,000 kW (kW) for the eastern suburb of Yui; and 39465,000 kW for the construction of a hydroelectric unit, mainly 42.65 kilowatts (kW) for the Xinjiang Kaidu River, 2 million kW (kW) for the Greater River Company, and 2 million kW (KW) for the two Rivers.
Eight hundred and eighty thousand kilowatts, 300,000 kilowatts for the second level of the pillow dam and 360,000 kilowatts for the first level of the sand pad.1 Fire and power operations are the core business, resulting in a gradual increase in the efficiency of power generation. 66.06 per cent. Average electricity and coal consumption for the company ' s electric power generation units was 295.47 g/kWh, a decrease of 2.61 g/k from the previous year
Percentage points; 0.20 per cent of hydropower, the same ratio; 0.21 per cent of wind power, a decrease of 0.08 percentage points in the same year; 2 of photovoltaic power, the acceleration of wind photovoltaic growth, and higher revenues from hydropower contribution. 464.96 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of cumulative electricity generated by companies in 2021, compared to 44,379 million kWh of electricity connected to the Internet
Annual growth was 9.69 per cent and 9.74 per cent, respectively, with a cumulative total of 38.9591 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generated by coal-fired enterprises, 36.683 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity on the Internet, representing an increase of 11.94 per cent and 12.14 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year; the cumulative total of 58.878 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generated by hydroelectric enterprises, with an increase of 58.424 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity on the Internet, a decrease of 4.17 per cent and 4.20 per cent, respectively, compared with the previous year;
Enterprises have cumulatively completed 15,197 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, while Internet power has increased by 1,475 million kilowatt-hours, by 14.32 and 14.25 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year; photovoltaic enterprises have cumulatively completed 429 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation and have increased their electricity supply to 417 million kilowatt-hours, up to 94.5 per cent, while the company ' s other business includes such industries as heat, chemicals, coal sales, etc.; and in the electricity sector revenue,
Fire and electricity generated the largest share of revenue, accounting for 85 per cent of the company ' s electricity sector in 2021. Thus, high coal prices continue to rise.
In 2022q1 the same year, +19.83%, the performance was positive. In 2021, the company achieved operating income of $16,185 million, adjusted for the same year +16.55%; was subject to a large increase in coal prices, resulting in a net profit loss of $1,845 million for the mother, adjusted for the same year +5.9 billion net profit, a net profit of 2.5 billion yuan for the hydropower plate, and a net profit on wind and photovoltaic plates.
In 2021, companies purchased 191 million tons of coal, of which 175 million tons, or 92 per cent, were in the pipeline.
On the one hand, the steady development of conventional energy plates and the rapid expansion of new installed capacity have been accompanied by high corporate asset-liability ratios, while on the other hand, 2021
With the last company’s cash balance of $11.58 billion, cash flows are still sufficient and growing in the face of a loss of performance, and are expected to support rapid corporate growth. The 14th Five-Year Plan sets clear goals and pathways for new energy development.
It is proposed to accelerate the green low-carbon transformation of the energy structure. Focus on the 20% share of non-fossil energy consumption in 2025, with a focus on accelerating the development of wind power, solar power generation, active, safe and orderly development of nuclear power, development of hydropower and other renewable energy sources in accordance with local conditions, and enhancement of clean energy supply capacity.
Increased planning for the construction of a new energy supply system based on large wind and light voltage bases, supported by clean, efficient and energy-efficient coal power around the perimeter, with stable and reliable ultra-high voltage transmission lines as a vehicle, and the construction of large wind and light voltage bases in deserts, Gobis, deserts and deserts is a steady, rapid and secure increase in new energy sources
It is an important means of providing supply capacity. Upgrade the power system on the side of the power supply, on the side of the grid, and on the side of the demand, to adapt to large-scale new energy grids.
With regard to the electricity market, full-calibre installed capacity is expected to reach about 2.6 billion kW by the end of 2022, with non-chemical energy installed at 50% of total installed capacity expected for the first time; and the overall level of electricity used by the entire community increased on an equal basis throughout 2022.
5-6%. The Circular on Further Deepening the Market-based Reform of Coal-Firing Electricity Prices on the Net provides that coal-fired electricity generation is fully integrated into the electricity market, that trading prices for coal-fired power generation are expanded in principle to not more than 20%, and that markets for high-energy-consuming enterprises are not subject to 20% upward fluctuations.
It was noted that by 2025, a unified national electricity market system had been put in place, with market trading and price mechanisms conducive to the development of new energy sources, storage, etc. On the coal market, the geopolitical conflict since 2022 has led to an accelerated increase in global energy prices, triggering domestic imports.
Coal prices have increased. A series of price-fixing policy measures have been introduced by the relevant national ministries, and the Circular on Further Improvement of the Coal Market Price Formation Mechanism has further clarified the base price and range of fluctuations in medium- and long-term contracts and has been linked to the power price adjustment mechanism, followed by the Coal Market Price Monitoring Programme and Coal Production.
The survey program will facilitate the return of coal prices to reasonable areas, as well as improve the performance of coal-fired enterprises. On the financial market, the global economic recovery has slowed considerably, owing to the epidemic, inflation, etc., the Fed has opened up the line of interest hikes, and the interest rate hikes have dramatically increased, and our economy is facing a contraction of demand, supply shocks, and a projected weakening of the economy.
Third, the People’s Bank’s report on the implementation of monetary policy suggests that sound monetary policy should be flexible and moderate, with greater inter-cyclical regulation, and that efforts should be made to stabilize the economy and promote economic stability. The company, guided by Xi’s socialist philosophy of China’s new era, is seriously pursuing the “Four Revolutions, One.”
A new cooperative energy security strategy, firmly anchored in the strategic positioning of “Creating conventional power-conversion leaders, new energy-development leaders, and world-class business-building leaders,” will accelerate the construction of a globally competitive world-class power company. Companies will accelerate low-carbonization, high-end, service, and digital transformation.
New energy scale development and coal-enhanced capacity upgrading, 35 million kilowatts of new energy installed during the “14th Five-Year” period, with companies accounting for more than 40 per cent of clean energy installed; further optimization of resource layout and structure, and consolidation of the company's new energy development base; and acceleration of the development of a platform-based project to track competing policies in the provinces and to build more small new energy bases.
The second is to accelerate the process of high-end transformation, targeting world-class business standards, actively promoting asset structural optimization, efficient management, robust growth and innovation leadership, ensuring full leadership of production and business development indicators, and promoting companies to achieve high standards, quality and efficiency in the construction of new and emerging power systems: the third is to accelerate service transformation, with full benefits
To promote integrated energy development with the advantage of traditional power enterprises, to continuously expand multi-energy supply operations, to upgrade the capacity of service cities, service parks and to strive to create regional energy centres, efficiency centres and development concerns from each fire power enterprise; and, fourth, to accelerate the digital transformation and the creation of a distinctive industrial Internet for the digital production of enterprises,
Operation, management and empowerment to promote industry-wide efficiency, full factor performance, full chain re-engineering and upgrading of new power system service levels.
When coal prices are high, companies are ahead of their counterparts. 202001 yields 46.784 billion yuan, resulting in a net profit of 1,056 million yuan. In 2021, the quality of the company ' s fire power assets was significantly improved to replace high-quality electricity over 11gw. As the current price-fixing policy moves forward, it will be available annually in the future.
Cash flows of around $50 billion will strongly support investment in new energy sources, and future projects such as photovoltaics will have the potential to grow. 3.1.2 Coal prices are guaranteed, the pyrotechnic plates are expected to recover from the high coal prices in 2021, and the company’s pyrotechnic pyrotechnics cost increased by 40.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a loss in performance.
Through its technological advantages, the Division has properly reduced the cost of fire power, and through the adaptation of its fleet flexibility and co-opt with the Coal Power Association of China, the power supply of fire power is better than that of other enterprises in the same business, with relatively small losses. In 2022, a series of policies, such as coal security and the upward adjustment of the price range of market-based tradable electricity, will gradually fall, and the company's Māori ratio of fire panels will be presented.
3.1.3 The energy backbone of the Group, the acceleration of the new energy transformation during the "145" period, is expected to bring in 35gw during the 1455 period, of which the company is expected to produce 4.84gw in 2022.
On the stock side, the company seized the new energy industry development window, and the installation was expanding rapidly. By the end of 2021, the wind had a capacity of 74,365 kilowatts (kW) and the projects were spread across the country’s provinces.
One of the Energy Group’s “troikas” for new energy development, the development of new energy sources has accelerated further, with 35 million kilowatts, or more than 40%, of new energy installed during the “14th Five-Year” period. Moreover, corporate business, both old and new, is expected to increase their project acquisition capacity to help accelerate the transformation of new energy sources.
3.2 Profit forecasts compared to valuation +19.83 per cent for the same income of 2022q1 and positive performance. In 2021, the company achieved operating income of $16,185 million, adjusted to +16.55 per cent; was subject to a large increase in coal prices, resulting in a net profit loss of $1,845 million for the mother, adjusted to the same value---
With a net profit of $5.9 billion, a net profit of $2.5 billion for hydropower plates, a net profit of $1.304 billion for wind power and photovoltaic panels, clean energy operations have provided significant support for companies’ performance. With a cleaner energy business having a significantly higher Māori rate than that for fire and electricity, and with the expansion of future new energy operations, companies’ profitability is expected to improve.
2. Profit projection assumption: 7.07gw, PV 0.37gw. Combined with the company ' s installed capacity in the construction project in 2021 and the 1455 new 35gw new energy target, the cumulative power on board will reach 81.50gw in 2024, water and electricity will reach 16.40gw and wind power will reach 16.40gw
15.60gw, photovoltage will reach 14.80gw. In addition, in line with the Circular on Further Improvement of Coal Market Price Formation Mechanisms, which further clarifies the baseline price and range of fluctuations for medium- and long-term convergences, heat and electricity in the third quarter of the year will become Māori as coal prices are suppressed.
The production and operation of the new low-carbon energy project has fallen short of expectations.
Lijun shares (002651), 2021 and 1-quarter reviews: first quarter performance in 22 years was slightly ahead of schedule, outbreak control led to two-quarter growth uncertainty (202,227) New-quarter growth (300260) 2021 and 1-quarter reviews: company performance continued to be over-expected, half
The conductor's business climate continues to be high (2020426)  (002463),  (002463), 2021 and a quarterly review: 21 years of underperformance, and the company's level of repair is affected by 22 years of chip delivery (20220426)
The company's Māori recovery rate is lower than we expected, and the epidemic constrained the company's ability to operate in the second quarter (202,20423) The Hang Oxyre (002430), 2021: Gas operations are steadily developing and equipment expectations are expected.
The securities company, funded by the government of Kawachi, is the country's first professional securities firm to be made up of financial intermediaries.
After more than 30 years of change and growth, the company has now developed into a Chinese company, China Power Group Capital Holdings Ltd.,