Shinjiyama's testimony, Shanxi wine (60809.sh) q1's performance is slightly over-expected, and the door opens to boost confidence.
\triangleright q1 achieves opening red, and the low q2 base is expected to release high elasticity.
The company’s income and profits grew by about 20% in a quarter, and it was on schedule to open doors, slightly out-marketed, and performed well. Mostly, the company’s strategic flexibility, management precision control, product mix and regional bonding, which led to the growth of rum.
The company's leader proposes a "six-word approach" to the marketing of the wine, which is steady and steady, changing, and changing to the highest/minimum in the year. Specifically, in terms of the speed at which the money is returned, in terms of the speed at which the money is sent, in terms of the return at the spring season, in terms of the return at the season, in the month of February.
In the case of the market, a market value of a market share in the dynamic layout of a company during a quarter of the year (billions):
In addition, the low q2 base is expected to release high elasticity, and the product structure is expected to continue to move upwards, focusing on high-end feasts and high-end marketing.
We believe that the corporate repression in the second quarter is becoming clear, and the bottom of the bottle is now buying, the logic is as follows: (1) corporate management is stable, working attitude is positive, and later missions are made to Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Shandong, etc.
Guidance on research; (b) market concerns about corporate performance under a high q1 base, which is now on schedule; (c) short-term segment of company stock, which is slightly high, and 20 batches down, mainly after control in February, is normally delivered in March.
With local regional short-term fluctuations, the consumption scenes continue to rise as companies begin to control the delivery rhythm in April, and stocks, prices, etc. are expected to improve gradually; (4) In light of the development of the fragrance, the fragranced white wine has erupted with a strong growth potential, and the fragrances are growing faster.
and Fanfan Profit Forecasts, Valuation Analysis and Investment Recommendations: Looking forward for 23 years, the company will be flexible in its business strategy around the “13348” concept, and structural optimization is expected to evolve over time to support high-quality corporate development.
In the medium-to-long term, the goal of high-end + nationalization of corporate products is clear, and performance is more certain. So, with product structure upgrading, scale effects highlighting, and management performance optimization, profits increase at a reasonable rate. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor would it be recommended specifically in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.