Qing Qing Xianghua Dragon Head is growing steadily, moving forward with high-quality development — a study on the dynamics of Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) The branding process is continuing and the product layout is clear
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn brand end: 1) Establish a strategy for the development of wines, mackerel, and apricot wines "one wing" , focusing resources on synergistic development. 2) Use content marketing as a tool to capture
Hand, multi-frequency dissemination of the matrix through the integrated media, and the creation of a bottle of wine in events such as the branding campaign, the China International Investment and Trade Fair. At the end of the product: 1) Young 20 is the development benchmark, up.
To upgrade the value of the brand for the 20th year, we are working on a whole series of green flowers.
Nationalization and continued optimization of management efficiency Regional expansion: 1) Grand Farming Base, Three Main Markets in China, South China, outside of the province Focusing on the Rimxi Market, East China and South China Markets, continuously increasing out-of-town market expansion
(b) Long-trigger, bead-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-deep-dry-dry-deep-dry-dry-deep-dry-dry-dry-dry-deep-dry-dry-deep-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry.
In the area of management, budget management is deepened and operational efficiency is improved; the development of digital intelligence is advanced and processes are optimized; the five main thinking is strengthened and management systems and management capabilities are modernized. Nationalization continues to deepen as the company’s leadership is released.
"Continuing expectations, Qing Qing Xianlong Head Keeps Up," "Sing Qing Qing Xiaoyu", "Sing Qing Qing's Head Keeps Up", "Sing Qing Qing Xing", "Sing Qing Xiao Qing", "Sing Qing Qing Xing", "Sing Qing Xing Xing", "Sing Xing Xing", "Sing Xing Xing Xing", "Sing Xing Xing", "Sing Xing Xing Xing", "Sing Xing Xing Xing Xing", "Sing Xing Xing Xing", "Sing Xing Xing Xing Xing", "Sing Xing Xing Xing, "Sing Xing Xing Xing Xing"
The macro-economic downside risks, the 20-point growth rate of Saffron are not as good as expected, the gifted version of the Boeing progress is good, the marketing thinking is clear, 2023-02 - less than expected, and the 30-pack price recovery is not as good as expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.