The management energy continues to rise, and Qing Qing Xianglong leads the revival.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn brand strategy is two wings, product structure continues to be optimized.
At the end of the product: 1) the wine is on the top of the green flower, on the middle of Panama and on the middle of Panama.
At the core, the Bosun series increases market inputs to nurture consumers; the Saffron series raises profits to keep markets working well, shifts cost models and channel layouts, focuses on regional, rim and cultural empowerment, which is now 20-year-old at a steady price and brand power.
Still enough. 2) Liquor is targeted and served to a good audience for effective dissemination. 3) Apricot wine is identified as a priority market, and regional markets are put in place.
Channel end: 1) mature market channels co-build and control the flow and price of goods, empty white market increase the incentive of the channel. 2) Build a numeric system of payment based on sweep data, a system of resource allocation centred on channel management, regional
The marketing management system, which is implemented at the top and supported by the big back-office of the headquarters, is a process-building incentive system. In terms of product recovery, good product re-entry, strengthening of the town specialized in apricot wine, accelerating the integration of the wine industry in Shanxi province; and strengthening of the Mandarin industry.
Emancipation and Quality Contribution. 1, Shanxi Wine (600809), Qing Lilong 3, Shanxi Liquor (600809), one quarter.
As a result, the price of the 30-packs of the flowers has not recovered as expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
To capture short- and medium-term potential shares; to think hard about the white wine plate, and to think deeply and think deeply about the Su wine. What's the word: University of Shandong, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.