Shareholders Conference 2022: A clear idea for marketing reform, a continuation of high-quality development  Events: We recently participated in the Shareholders Conference 2022 of Shanxi Liquor, at which companies responded to business
• The company will continue to work on the revitalization agenda, using its own culture of quality as a driving force for Qing Xiangixiang, and will focus on all resources this year.
The “Five Focuses” continue to be improved: marketing activity, quality routes, cultural empowerment, deepening reforms, and management optimization.
High-end brands have led to higher consumption, and the Saffron series has become more profitable by providing better market positioning and market segmentation through channels, effective end promotion/recommend, high brand visibility, and high-end emphasis in almond village has been on identifying priority markets and increasing market input.
It's a clear marketing focus and brand-up. It's now more dynamic, it's more brittle, it's more structured, and medium- and long-term companies will insist on high-quality development as a center and brand.
Resource sharing and international and domestic dual-drivers are the principles of the three main brands, with a clear product structure, a solid distribution network for the three brands, and a three-brand marketing team optimized.
A good balance is struck between the process, price volatility, and continuous channel/brand/management dynamics, with a larger circle, with a high degree of certainty in terms of the rate of growth of young flowers throughout the life cycle. The recovery version is to be transformed into a cost model, with deep excavation of the cover conversion point; and the company is to set up a marketing front-end group to strengthen the core.
Interaction among the consumer population to enhance stickyness and enhance brand power.
• The channels continue to be fine-tuned, with high-quality developments taking place. In terms of channels, companies manage the system by building four systems: (a) a system of scavenging and scavenging incentives, costs, and scavenging.
Links; 2) build a system of resource allocation, which, when data are available, allows for the classification of resources, their classification, and their matching; 3) build a marketing management system supported by large back-office headquarters, gin and wine; Shanxi wine (60809): 2023 - 1
The top-level design is advanced by marketing centres, etc., and the backstage can be structured and guided in accordance with policy. March’s major business point review: 1 quarter 4), a dual system of incentives to build process plus results, further motivates the team.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMS), there is an investment advisory committee on securities.