Over-expected growth, a strong recovery strategy, and a narrow quarter of high profit margins compared to the previous announcement, revenue and profits in 2022.
\triangleright ratio \0.45 pct to 75.36%, mainly due to product structure upgrades, sudden sales of the Saffron series, $10 billion, a 60% increase from the same year, 20 Saffrons, 30 Saffron sales, big monoliths.
Effectiveness is significant; the ratio of taxes to 1,13 pct, the ratio of sales costs to 2,84 pct, the rate of management costs, the ratio of corporate gross margins was +0.81 pct to 75.56 per cent, the ratio of taxes to +0.61 pct, sales 0.48 pc, the net interest rate of the parent was +2.77 pct to 38.00 per cent, and profit elasticity was released as of the quarter.
In 2022, the company sold a total of \triangleright 's high-priced wine (over $130) and other wines, amounting to $18.93 billion, $7.107 billion, respectively.
Building, building a full-scale product matrix, promoting the brand development of the Saffron series, 1) using 20 saffrons as saffrons (60809.sh): high-quality collection, development benchmarks, upgrade of 30 saffrons, 40 saffron products, and promotion of the saffron.
A major breakthrough in the market share of the entire range of products; 2) The development benchmark is the Bozo, which expands the Qing Xianxi Liquor (60809.sh): Consortization of the consumer group and the overall development of products such as the old white twig.
Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh): The three major brands of wine are on schedule for co-development, consolidation of the channel base, integration of channels and resources, deep-deeping of the market and deep-deeping of the market. In the first quarter, the medium and high-priced wines and other wines earn $9,496 million and $3,327 million, respectively.
Deep-farming “three markets” and solidly promoting nationalization. The country’s control of the three main markets, around the main farming base, Chinadong, and South China, has reached more than 1.12 million endpoints, with more sophisticated management of the channels. The market in the main camp in Shanxi has been growing steadily, with revenues in the provinces in 2022 equal to +24.35% to 24.35%.
10.36 billion yuan, the first to break out of 10 billion dollars; the out-of-provincial market made a steady breakthrough, earning $16.04 billion in 2022, Sunda Securities Co. Ltd., which increased by more than 50 per cent in the south of the Yangtze market, and out-of-provincial revenues.
In 2022, 40 to 768 new dealers were added in the provinces, and in Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, 9th Hall, 1st Street.
Between 73 and 2,869 new distributors, with a total of 3,637. In the past quarter, progress has been good, with revenues of between $30.3 and $5,022 million, and we're expecting a 25-lead structure upgrade.
Risk factors \triangleright Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; nationalization less than expected; food and beverage teams, whose members focus on senior industrialists and leading schools.
Long-term thinking, with an emphasis on valuation and security margins. Lou Qing Fu, Master, graduate from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of experience in food and beverage research, and two years of experience in bond research. Covers pre-processed foods (in-depth research on Ani foods, lasagna chefs, high-quality foods) and spices (in-depth research on Angel yeasts).
The master's degree in finance, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
In the morning of Zhao Dan, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Joray, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of U.S.S.S.P.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A., research and development and operations, one year of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by the white wine industry for 13 years.
At the lower and lower end of the scale, there is practical exercise experience, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the patterns of sub-higher alcohol competition. Tang Jing, B.A., Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of fast-discharge industry experience, 10 years of first-line sales experience.
You have an insight into high-end white wine. You're good at promoting the future of alcohol based on available data and market moves. You're good at the future of the market. You're good at it. You're good at it. You're good at it. You're good at it.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.