January-March 2023: 1 quarter target successfully completed, high-quality development powered product structure continuously moved upwards, and the Saffron series continued to grow. We expect the Saffron series to be 2022 years old.
60 per cent plus, exceeding the target set for the beginning of the year, to 40 per cent plus, old white man, Panama, with a series of increases above average, Bolivia with a controlled supply quota system, expected to grow by a large number of places in 2022, gift editions in selected cities, and the company will continue to be nationalized in 2023.
1 Quarter targets were successfully completed and consumer growth was continuously advanced. The progress of the company's return delivery in the first quarter was in line with the company's expectations, 20 days of complete closure in February, currently at a healthy level for about 1.5 months, and phase control was over; and company feedback was relatively smooth in January and February.
Controls to keep stock at a better price, one quarter of revenue targets are successfully met, and the second quarter will focus on advancing the foundational work of recovery products, consumer development, and so forth.
In 2023, the company will continue to push for higher quality marketing. Previously, the market was concerned about the pressure on 2301 performance due to the high base growth rate, adding short-term stock and bulk price fluctuations and management rumours, to some extent since the beginning of the year.
Corporate valuations are down, 23q1, firm foundation, leadership management is high, and I, Shanxi Wine, 2022, are expected to continue with product structural upgrading and market expansion in 2023, with steady target growth.
Performance forecast rating: Successful year-round closing, profit forecasting and investment rating: 23o1 performance up at the expected ceiling of the market, before the negative market mood is expected to fade and the downward trend of the Qing Qing Xianglong pressure continues, and we basically maintain it.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board