Shanxi Liquor One quarter is growing faster on a high base and two quarters are performing with the Shanxi Liquor Proclamation for January-March, the company's primary business data, based on preliminary accounting, January-March 2023, the company.
Gross operating income is expected to be about 12.36 billion yuan, an increase of about 20 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies are expected to be around $4.452 billion, an increase of around 20 per cent in the same year.
At the same time, the cashier's product is the focus of a phased growth. We're judging that the two-quarter harvest is expected to increase significantly, with the team moving hard, sub-higher, deeper, nationalization, with a 1q23 income, net profit growth of about 20% over the next three years, and faster growth on a higher base. We think that this is the case.
The results were not easy: (1) high performance base in the first quarter of 22 years, with income and net gains increasing by up to 42 per cent respectively. (2) consumption demand for high-end alcohol was somewhat rigid, with a first recovery in January, real estate alcohol benefiting from increased returns, and demand increased pulsely during the spring season.
But the country’s sub-higher-end alcohol performance was relatively weak in January-February, with recovery slower than that of high-end alcohol and real estate wine, while the sub-high-priced products accounted for a higher share of the alcohol income. Multiprices are accompanied by simultaneous energy, and the waist products are a priority for phased growth.
Greenflowers, strong waists, stable bobbles, and we've judged the waist products to be growing better in the first quarter, 20 or 20 or six months, so far, with horses and old whites growing faster. Young 30 is at a firm market price and growing consumers.
2-quarter bourbon harvests are expected to increase significantly, team strength, sub-high-end occupancy, depth and nationalization, and are expected to increase faster over the next 3 years. (1) We expect a relay recovery at the next stage of the sub-high end, re-emerging rapid growth and higher upward elasticity.
The sales teams go to Beijing, Shenzhen, Shandong, etc., to conduct research, and the executives and sales teams are motivated by a three-month average of transactions (million yuan) and actively promote market development.
The above prices have become the main points of growth. For the subregion, the market is well developed and nationalized.