On April 10, 2023, Shanxi Liquor was released in the first quarter of 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Quarterly opened doors and performed well. According to the announcement, 12.36 billion yuan is projected for January-March 2023.
The current business strategy is stable, deep-deep tilling terminals, with 1.2 million controlled terminals in 2022; a strong nationwide layout, with more than 50% increase in the south of the Yangtze market; and a clear product structure, with the same line of flowers.
Since its launch in late 2022, the gift plate has been designed from the top end to the channel, and has been well marketed. In 2023, the gift has been made to the top.
Importing into the whole market is expected to lead to the effective upgrading of the structure of the botanical product, which is expected to be the lead on the high-line light bottle. In the long run, as a quenched tap, the rum has been fully priced with full price coverage and sustained growth in the base market at the same time.
The strong offensive against the south of the Yangtze market, the twin-wheel drive of sunflowers and bozos to increase the cultivation of the Qingixiang consumer, the strength of the class and the performance growth period. 1 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Reversed and counterproductive
We're looking forward to the company's line of sunflowers, and we're looking forward to sustained activity, good feedback, clear marketing thinking, 2023-02-2, Shanxi Liquor (60809): 2022
3 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Distributors have responded positively, creating a whole range of product prescriptions, macroeconomic downside risks, 20 less than expected, gifted production progress.
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.