In the future, we will continue to focus on marketing, on quality, on cultural empowerment, and on the depth of our focus.
The three major brands of the village of Liquor, Bamboo Bhai, and Apricot are two wings, and they are a solid catalyst for the revival of the wine. For the marketing priorities, the company based on the rejuvenation of the wine (“one centre”) has offered to insist on the wine and bamboo.
The principles of shared resources, shared channels and market co-management of the three brands of Yap Qing and Apricot, and the principle of two-way, integrated development of the two domestic and international markets (“two insistes”), clear positioning of the products of the three brands, and solid implementation of the three brands distribution networks.
Optimizing marketing teams (“three solid jobs”). It was revealed that senior marketing officers, Zhang Yong, served as chief executives of the New Wine Marketing Company, and we expect the company marketing team to improve marketing efficiency further and expand brand influence when the company’s marketing position is smooth.
So far, the wine is the company's logo, and it has been growing at a very high rate in recent years. By 2022, the sales of the series have reached over 10 billion.
In addition, the country has been able to achieve a high level of growth in the form of a large end-to-end capacity, focusing its efforts on the development of 20 or 30 green flowers for more mature products, such as botanical, white and old, by increasing the share of institutional investors in the circulation of a share.
Xiaohua 30 tends to create a deep brand image, where it is now available, focusing on regions, circles, and cultural empowerment. After the festival, the price of Xiaohua has declined, but the company's development plan for the Xiaohua series is clear, the price has now recovered slightly, and future price trends are expected to remain positive.
Building digital channel management and finely operating a solid development base. Over the past few years, corporate nationalization has progressed well, with more than 1.12 million controlled terminals by 2022, and in the process of rapid development.
In response to this problem, the company plans to promote full digitization, the construction of a digitalized fee-paying system based on sweep data, a system of resource allocation based on channel management, and mandatory back-office marketing management at the regional front end.
Yes, and a dual system of process plus outcome incentivization. Refining the channels and achieving a virtuous development is conducive to strengthening competitiveness and further strengthening the quality of business in order to achieve year-round performance goals, with the equivalents of 25 and 21 times, respectively, with the effect and momentum of intra-firm reforms.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.