Three-quarterly review of the Ningde era (300,750.sz). 28 October 2019
Corporate rating: Increase in (maintain) the company issued its three-quarter report in 2019. Businessed in the first three quarters of 2019 billion yuan, a 28.8 per cent increase over the previous quarter, resulting in a net profit of 1.362 billion yuan to the mother, the same amount.
Research assistant: Wei Dae-chul 1. Growth in the first three quarters has been high and city occupancy has continued to rise. Since power battery loads have remained constant for 19 years, overall performance has been maintained for the first three quarters.
High growth. The main reason for the decline in the third quarter was the new energy sources in July-September, and also the higher cost of the company in the third quarter, resulting in a lower net profit margin. The company installed the aircraft in the first three quarters of 19 years.
1- The Ninder Age Deep Study - The “Crystal” era, with the industry at the top and its share continuously rising.
There is no doubt that the long-term growth trend of new energy vehicles has been marked by a strong corporate flagship.2 The six-monthly review of the Ningde era - the leading position is stable, and in terms of market demand, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles is gradually rising, with 2019.
The annual production of new energy vehicles is expected to reach 1.35 million vehicles, with a penetration rate of 6.4 per cent, 1.8 million vehicles by 2020, electric motorization of vehicles, tax exemptions for acquisitions, etc., and the joint venture brand will be close.
With two years of intensive introduction of new products, it is clear that companies have benefited as industry leaders. The Ningde era was a domestic power cell leader, with rising rates of city ownership, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
In the first half of 2019, under the influence of a new-energy car-powered battery, the volume of shipments increased by 13.8 gwh, with domestic demand expected to reach 100 gwhe in 2020e and a further 46 per cent increase in the share of domestic municipalities;
Lithium battery material The company has pre-positioned the lithium battery recovery business, which is expected to evolve as power cells are upgraded and the future space of the storage energy system is vast and currently accounts for a smaller proportion of the company's business, but as battery prices fall, there are
In 2018, there was a marked increase in the company’s storage capacity, a large future elasticity, open channels of compliance, and the report’s analytical logic is based on my professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and the conclusions are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.