The company issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2019, with net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to $3092-3568 million, an increase of 30-50 per cent over the same period; net gains attributable to shareholders in listed companies were withheld.
The fall in the Māori rate combined with the increase in R&D management costs led to a fall in profits of q3: the net profit of 19q1 fell and the Māori rate fell; on the other hand, the growth of R&D inputs in the third quarter, management costs — the Ningde era
The market share continues to rise to compensate for the decline in the growth rate of new energy vehicles: according to gg11, in July-September, the number of Ningde-era loadings was 3.12 gwh, 2.46 gwh, 2.21 gwh, respectively, with the share of the domestic municipality 8.14 gwh, q3 loading 7.79gwh, with the corresponding decline in electric vehicles for three months.
In the first three quarters, the price of power cells fell, but there was also a certain decline in raw materials and in the Māori rate. Data cut-off date: 15 October 2019
Limited: corporate power cell Māori rates will decrease as battery prices decrease, but given that the four major raw materials have also partially decreased, we believe that Māori rates have declined by a few points _aaa_ Māori power cell rates have declined, unchanged
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: considering the negative growth of new energy vehicles for three months on a year-on-year basis, we have reduced aggregate domestic demand, but the share of companies in the first three quarters of 19 has risen to 50.64 per cent, and we have revised the performance forecast for aaaa_, the net rate has continued to rise.
Covering _aaa_Technology and cost advantages, building a global dynamic super-delegate status, expected to continue to increase market access, taking into account the new energy vehicles after the slopes
Risk factors: risk of changes in policies in the energy automobile industry and increased risk from competition in the market; risk of new products and technologies development; risk of decline in the Māori rate.
Quarterly performance shows a net profit of 1,117 million yuan, a net profit of 1,230 million yuan and a net profit of q3 for the power cell industry.
Increases in R & D inputs, management costs and higher costs as a percentage of income. 1.2 Company q3 loads 7.79gwh, with an over-expected increase in city occupancy, according to ggi1.7-September Ninde loadings of 3.12gwh, 2.46gwh, 2.21gwh, respectively.
For 66.5 per cent, 67.43 per cent and 55.82 per cent, respectively, q1 loads 5.49gwh, q2 loads, 8.14gwh, q3 loads, 7.79gwh, were on a quarterly basis, and the company ' s market occupancy rate was over-expected at a three-month-on-year decline in electric vehicles.
As battery prices decrease, the company ' s power cell Māori rate will decline, but given that the four main raw materials have also been partially reduced, we believe that the Māori rate will decline only marginally. Risk factors: the risk of changes in policies in the energy automobile industry and increased market competition; and the development of new products and technologies
Risk: The risk of a decrease in the Māori rate.