The first three quarters of 2019, the company issued a report on net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies in the previous three quarters.
The domestic market was 66.5%, 67.43%, and 55.82% respectively. In the last three quarters, the national total was 42.31gwh, and the company's 14gwh factory abroad was already operating, providing a driving force for future growth: the company was over-represented in the domestic market.
Over 50 percent, accelerating overseas expansion became an important plan for the future, and the first overseas factory in the state of Turingen in Germany officially opened on October 18th, with 14gwh's battery capacity expected to be achieved by 2022, with much room for growth in industry, and the prospect of global electric purchasing is still open.
_aaa_Ninger Times (300,750) point review report _ City field share rising to compensate for industry decline, outlook Report review _aaaa_Maurice rate of power batteries declining, unchanged
Long-term growth of industry and company super-deepness, offshore factory start-up, global market occupancy is expected to continue to increase, given the higher-than-expected decline in new energy vehicles following the downside, 19H1 performance forecast _aaa_ city share continues to be raised
High, net profit margin ring slightly down, Wang Smin Risk factors: risk of changes in policies in the energy car industry, increased risk due to competition in the market; new product
Risks associated with the development of new technologies; risk of decline in the Māori rate.1 Loss of profit due to higher municipal rates and downside increases in the overseas expansion industry 1.1 Māori rate over time
In terms of quarterly performance, the net profit of 19q1 was $1,117 million, the net profit of q2 was $1,230 million, and the net profit of q3 was lower by the same year. The company explained that, on the one hand, the price of part of the product had fallen and the Māori rate had fallen; on the other hand, the growth of R&D inputs in the third quarter, the increase in management costs and the increase in the cost as a proportion of the company ' s income.
Figure 3: Price trends in lithium positives in one year (millions per ton) Figure 4: Price trends in lithium negatives in one year (millions per ton)
The fall in subsidies has led to a significant decline in power cell loads over the last three months. According to ggii, in July of this year, the domestic power tank load was 4.70gwh, an increase of 40.47 per cent compared to the previous year, a 29 per cent decline in the ring ratio; in August, the power battery load was about 3.64gwh, a 13 per cent decline compared to the previous period; and in September, the power battery load was about 3.95gwh, a 31 per cent decrease compared to the previous year.
1.2 The growth of the city ' s share is higher than expected, and the growth of corporate revenue has been stable, according to ggii, 3.12gwh, 2.46gwh, 2.21gwh in July-September, 66.5%, 67.43%, 55.82% in the domestic municipalities, and 42.31gwh, 21.43gwh, in the previous three quarters,
Despite the decline in net profits, the company increased its market share by increasing its market openings and expanding its productive capacity, effectively increasing its power cell sales and maintaining healthy growth in its operating income in the face of a declining industry landscape.The company q3 installed 7.79gwh, an increase of 21.15% in the same year, achieving business income of $12,592 million, a rise in the same year.
1.3 Cash flows are healthy, operating and investing steadily; net cash flows from investing activities of $9.336 billion, mainly due to structural deposits and the maturity of property items, yield significant gains. Overall, the company has maintained a relatively high level of net cash inflows and stable cash flows.
1.4 Overseas expansion plans to enhance development prospects and “go out” growth in performance have gradually increased overseas since the establishment of the partnership with the BMW in 2011, and now have orders from BMW, the general public, Daimler, and strategic collaboration with Jaguar Lugger, Honda, Boshi, etc.
In 2018, the company proposed to build an overseas production research and development base in Germany, and in June this year decided to increase the planned increase from Euro240 million to Euro1.8 billion, with a projected capacity of 100 gwh. Ninder’s era is expanding its overseas distribution, with companies established in the United States, Japan, Canada, and other countries except Europe.
Branches. In 2018, the Ningde era produced a total of 23.54gwh, with 25.4 per cent of the world ' s cities in the first place, followed by 25.2 per cent of the world ' s cities, and the Ningde era still has much room for upswing in overseas markets, guaranteeing long-term growth in performance through the cost advantages of large-scale procurement and local supply.
Figure 10: Global profile of the Ningde era Risk factors: risk of changes in policies in the energy automobile industry, exacerbated by competition in the market; risks associated with new products and technologies; risk of decline in the Māori rate.