The growth in revenue has been sustained and the city’s share has continued to rise.
A 45.7 per cent increase in the same year, followed by a 49.3 per cent increase in net profit on a year-on-year basis.
In the wake of the New Deal for Subsidy, the downside was significantly increased after June, and local subsidies were completely eliminated, but corporate q3 revenues continued to grow at a faster rate (+28.8 per cent compared to 28.8 per cent compared to 22.5 per cent). The pressure was mainly 2.9 pct; the rates were also raised after the fall in sales prices for the period, with a ratio of 8.2 per cent, compared with the corresponding rate of 8.2 per cent.
Q1~q3 of the company ' s inventory swing days dropped to less than 100 days, the number of days of the accounts receivable working days dropped to 65 days, well below the 118 days of the same period last year, the number of days of the accounts payable working days remained relatively stable and the net operating cycle declined
By 60 days, there had been a marked improvement over the 105 days in the same period last year. Overall, the company's overflow rate from up to downstream has risen again, and the fearless industry is cold winter.
7.6 gwh, market share is close to 60%, an increase of 14 pct compared to 46% in the first half of the year. While the q3 sector is heavily affected by the fall in subsidies, the company continues to benefit from increased industrial concentration, with no fear of winter in the industry.
The company, and its inputs include the Jiangsu era/era boom, and European production research and development projects in progress. The integration phase is now under way, but the future market is vast, while the company has a greater advantage than its counterparts, and it is given to the West Side, 28 West Side Street, in the West Side.
The Hing Sheng building at Shanghai, China and China Free Trade Experiment at Fukuda and Fukuwa.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company who has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to disclose it.
Clients of the company receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person who obtained the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.