RamsyTech: Three-quarterly reports meet expectations and promise for the future.
The q3 net profit growth rate is lower than in the first half of the year, mainly due to the company's Xiangyangnan.
Some of the new production bases in the park have started to produce more, and are in the process of climbing up the productive capacity and productivity, while new equipment, new processes, new technologies and skills need to be improved, with some negative impact on the company ' s performance.
Q4 will bring out a lot of new products from large clients, while adding to the release of many new models from Andre's manufacturer, which will give strong impetus to the company's performance in the last four quarters. The firm's new capacity is going to climb up the slopes of the glass-plate industry, with the promise that Lance will stay strong.
Since the metal material backlids are not suitable for wireless charging and 5g communications, the cell phone backlids require non-metal materials. Of the many non-metal materials, only glass can combine quality with cost and achieve large-scale use in the back of the cell phone. 3d glass has an excellent look.
Performance, and more suitable for soft-led displays, will replace the 2.5d glass in the future as the mainstream choice. With these two trends in combination, the curved glass industry is expected to grow at a high rate and the industry is promising.
The 3d glass production process is extremely complex and requires large-scale capital investment, with very high technical and capital barriers. Companies have been engaged in the curly glass processing industry for many years, with a wealth of production experience and leading industry-wide production technology.
The top international customers, which can generate substantial returns, provide a solid basis for corporate technology development and capital spending. In the process of industrial development, Lance is expected to be strong.
Sapphires have excellent physical properties and have vast market prospects in the fields of led, cell phone home keys, watches, mirrors, etc. Companies have raised funds to invest in sapphire production and are expected to benefit from the development of the sapphire industry in the future.
The company has established a subsidiary dedicated to ceramic operations and has successfully achieved the production of cellular ceramics.
The business of ceramics will give new impetus to the growth of the company.
Current trends in the glass sheeting industry are toward the back of the glass and the upgrading of the 3d glass, with increasing profitability and positive growth.
The lead competitors in the trend are the first to benefit. At the same time, the company is taking the sapphire and the new ceramics.
The cost of ceramic materials has declined faster than expected; glass 3d is less popular than expected; and capacity climbs are less rapid than expected.