LanthyTech: The company is in a new energy grinding period, four seasons, October 26, 2017, event: LanthyTech published a performance report for the first three quarters of 2017.
Yang Minghui is in the process of collating new production capacity, with four quarters expected to explode.
Dollars, 41.93 per cent increase in the same year; net profits of 893 million yuan, or 12.39 per cent increase in the same year for shareholders in listed companies, which is the median for previous performance forecasts.
With $6,456 million in revenue, an increase of 29.28 per cent over the same period; q3 achieving net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies was generally less than the overall increase in the first half of the year, mainly due to the start of production in the new production base of the Park, but due to the fact that the new production line was in the early stages of large-scale production.
The combination of new equipment, processes, technologies and skills, coupled with the operational proficiency required for new recruits, sales were lower than expected, and iphonex was delayed for sale, resulting in a delay in production time, with some negative impact on the company’s performance in the third quarter. However, according to the latest data, iphonex was delivered.
Over-expected, downstream supply chains are entering the peak supply period, Fuscon has stepped up its new production line, which has now expanded to around 50 and will be expanded to 100 by the end of November, while information received from the customs service in Chengzhou shows that as of 23 January, it had a total of 86.449 thousand iphonex and 600,000 out of the country.
We believe that the multiplicity of iphone innovations for the tenth anniversary is expected to bring about a change in the tide, and that a smooth postpartum will have a positive impact on the four-quarter performance of Ramsy Tech. The glass sheet is promising, and new materials, such as ceramics, open new spaces.
With the increase in wireless charge penetration and the spread of the next 5 g, the metal backlids are not well matched to future cellular developments, for example, by signal shielding. More and more manufacturers are now using non-metal back-up materials, while glass is now being used by a large number of manufacturers as a tool for balancing quality with cost.
In addition, the latest 3d glass sheet has excellent appearances and is more in line with the impending soft-led display, and is expected to replace 2.5d glass as a mainstream option in the future. With these two trends in common, we believe that the curve 3d glass is going to grow at a high rate.
The 3d glass production process is extremely complex and, in addition to requiring large-scale capital inputs, there are extremely high technical barriers that require heat bending on the basis of traditional glass. But the heat benders are not fully automated at the moment and require manual processing to the extent that the 3d glass is good.
This depends to a large extent on the skill and equipment of the workers. Lancet works in curry glass processing.
Beyond the promise of a strong future, corporate clients are at the top of the globe, with relatively high returns and access to technology and financial support, providing a solid foundation for corporate research and development and capital spending on new technologies.
2. Lancet Science: The company has developed robustly and growing profitability and has actively expanded its production, and in addition to glass, it has been active in expanding the development and manufacture of new materials such as sapphire and ceramics.
The company has raised funds to invest in sapphire production and is expected to benefit from the sapphire in the future.
To develop a new dynamic, Rents is expected to develop a strong business. Ceramic materials are multiplying in strength, hardness, scratch protection, resilience, plasticity, and are extremely personal, with bright applications in mobile phone appearances and apparel devices.
The company now specializes in ceramics, and it is now a few of the world’s most productive companies. As the cost of ceramics falls and capacity expands, ceramics will give new impetus to the growth of the company in the future.
We appreciate the company’s technological, financial and customer advantages in the glass-plate area and will benefit from the larger trend of mobile phone innovation in the future; the cost of blue, ceramic materials in the company’s layouts has declined faster than expected; the 3d glass is less popular than expected; and the capacity climbs are less rapid than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board