The event of November 10, 2017: the announcement of a partnership agreement between Lansy and Nissha.
Yang Minghui has signed an agreement of intent with Nissha for a lateral expansion of the product line.
Scientology (Long Sand) Ltd. is the main player in the production and sale of the dito1 (doubleindiumtinoxide, double-layered tin oxide) sensor products commissioned by Nissha and defined by Nissha for both sides in March this year.
A joint venture, with 70% of LanthyTechnology and 20% of Nissha's shares. Renth International has 10% of its shares, and Sunshine Lance is responsible for this cooperative production project.
Technology, process, and customer have a leading technical advantage. Nissha has the world-class Phillinian tentacles technology and production capability in the Mechanics Department, which is lightly durable and allows for high levels of optical properties and high resolution patterns simultaneously, and is widely used for intelligence.
The use of mobile phones, tablet computers, portable games, industrial equipment, cars, etc. oled penetration drives the use of external contact controls, and both sides work together to promote industry.
The left screen. The left screen needs to use an external touch control module that matches it, the dito1 touch sensor product for Nissha with a touch sensor module used by iPhone x, and the pre-dito1 touch sensor technology has become an oed because of its mature manufacturing process and softness.
One of the best touch-control solutions for the screen and the small and medium-sized LCD display is that we think the oled screen is perfect because it displays good performance, thin thickness, softness, etc.
The machine industry follows, and domestic panels such as Kyoto East, Deep Sky Horse, etc., have started to actively add codes to the product line. Nissha, in collaboration with Ramses, can achieve a rapid expansion of production capacity and access to a range of high-quality domestic customer resources, opening up vast domestic market space.
Through this cooperation, one-stop product solutions for glass protection, touch sensors and appliance can be achieved on the basis of the original industry, and there will be a significant increase in product value added and overall competitive advantage in profitability projections and investment ratings: we value the technology and capital that companies have shown in the glass plate area.
1. LanthyTech: the company ' s new energy grinding gold and customer advantage will benefit from the larger trend of mobile phone innovation in the future; the company ' s layout glass, sensors, LansyTech: the three-quarterly report forecast meets expectations.
LanceTechnology: Corporate growth is robust, profitability is growing, production is expanding.
The new impetus, Lenth's promising champion, Heung Xiang, has a securities investment advisory committee with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.