LanthyTechnology (300433.sz)
The business income rises from one season to the first three seasons to the same one year to the same period. The increase in business income is mainly due to the volume and volume of new products. The company realizes a net profit of 893 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 12 per cent.
The net profit was 754 million yuan, a 35 per cent increase compared to last year’s full-year level (758 million yuan). The Maori rate, net interest rates, roe (weighted) fell slightly, and the cost rate fell during the period.
With the oled penetration, wireless charging and the advent of the 5g era, smartphone backlids will use non-golden material, and glass, as a mature solution, will be used first, leading to an increase in use. 3d glass penetration will bring price increases. Companies will benefit significantly from this change.
Iphonex's bookings are expected to reverse the decline in iphone sales and lead to improvements in upstream sales and performance. But if iphonex sells late, it may be delayed. With the release of new capacity, new equipment, new employees, new technologies will be further consolidated, and sales will be strong in the second half of the year.
The company has actively placed new materials such as ceramics, sapphires, and has been used in smart end products. As a shield, glass tap companies are expected to see the company in the future with a higher volume of glass materials and a gradual penetration of new materials.
The company, as a leading global consumer of electronic protective glass, is expected to perform fast in the future, given the non-metalization of smartphones, the viewing of 3d glass and the gradual penetration of new electronic materials.
The glass cover was not growing as expected; the 3d glass was not growing as expected; and competition in the industry increased. Billions of dollars, 42% and 12%, respectively, were growing. Business income was newly high in a single season compared to the same period in the previous three quarters. Business income for the first three quarters of 2017 was $15.117 billion, a 42% increase in the same period.
Newly high, close to last year’s full-year level (15.236 billion yuan in 2016). The year’s growth in operating income has been largely set.
The growth in operating income resulted from the realization of a large number of new products developed by companies in collaboration with their clients, a significant increase in the market share of major clients, and the start of production of some of the new production capacity in the Xiaoyang Nam Park, which resulted in higher sales of the company’s products compared to the same period in the previous year. In the first three quarters of 2017, the company achieved net profits of $893 million attributable to its parent shareholders, an increase of 12%.
This represents a 35% increase from the previous year’s total level (758 million yuan). From the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company in recent quarters, the firm’s net profit of 2017q3 on the shareholders of the parent company was $582 million, a 6% increase, and the ring 547% increase.
The first three quarters saw a slower rate of increase in net return, mainly in relation to operating costs, sales and financial costs, taxes and additional increases, as well as reduced investment returns, loss of impairment of assets, and higher losses in fair value. The company’s Māori ratio, net interest rate, and rose (weighted) fell in the first three quarters of 2017 compared to the same period last year.
The growth in operating costs comes in tandem with the growth in operating income. On the other hand, the company has developed a large number of pre- and rear-curved smartphones for major households, which have been officially produced since the third quarter. The company’s new production bases and sites are in the early stages of large-scale production, a variety of new equipment, new processes, new applications of new technologies, and new recruits.
The net interest rate of 5.82%, a decrease of 1.62 cent over the same period, is a more marked recovery in the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate in the third quarter, reaching an annual maximum water cost of 1.41%, an increase of 0.71 percentage points over the same period.
Quality assurance and packaging fees for products have increased in tandem with sales income. The increase in financial costs is due to increased bank lending and interest expenditure. Both increases are greater than the increase in operating income.
With the oled penetration, wireless charging and the advent of the 5g era, smartphone backlids will use non-metal materials, and glass, as a mature solution, will be adopted first, leading to a volume increase. 3d glass penetration will bring price increases. Companies will benefit significantly from this change.
In light of industry trends and their own realities, the company has opened up new production bases, such as Xiangyang Nam Park, Dong-song Hill Lake, Dong-dong Tong Tong, and the North River of Viet Nam. The size of the company, its capacity, has been expanding in recent years, and the process of collaboration with its major clients has been increasing. In 2017, the company launched an open-distributable corporate bond scheme to raise funds.
The sum of RMB 4.8 billion is invested in the consumer electronics visual glass construction project and the Windows glass construction project. The plan has now been approved by the SEC. iphonex’s bookings are expected to reverse the decline in iphone sales and drive upstream firms to deliver and improve their performance.
Good. But late sales of iphonex may delay the company’s delivery of high prices. With the passage of time, new products can be released, new equipment, new employees, new technologies can be further combined, and the company’s share in the market of major clients has increased significantly in the second half of the year, and companies are optimistic about their performance in the fourth quarter.
The company is expected to grow rapidly in the future, with the volume of glass materials increasing, the new materials becoming more permeable. In the case of smartphones, non-metalization of 3d glass, the viewing of 3d glass, and the consumption of new electronic materials becoming more permeable, it is expected that the company will grow rapidly in the future.
Companies are expected to achieve rapid growth in their future performance as champions of consumer electronic glass protection worldwide. The company’s glass cover is projected to grow less than expected: 3d glass is not growing as expected: industry competition is increasing.
Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the People's University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 20 years, in the area of sellers' research, the author of the sales team of the Institute for the Study of Civil Securities has been either qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the reports are from compliance channels.
The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party to draw conclusions.