Three-quarterly reports meet expectations that the additional output will accelerate the release of performance 1517 million yuan, an increase of 41.93 per cent over the same period, and realize a net profit of 893 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
q3 realized $6,456 million in revenue and $582 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, increasing on a year-on-year basis.
1. (1) In its performance forecast, the company forecasted that the net profit attributable to shareholders in the listed company in the previous three quarters was 3; during the reporting period, the company, in collaboration with its clients, developed multiple pre- and post-curve glass and volume, with a continuous increase in the share of priority clients, while the production base at the Yangnan Park began to release capacity and a significant increase in revenue; however, it was reborn.
The production base was in the early stages of production, with costs growing slightly faster than revenues. In addition, the company invested in the new production base through loans, resulting in higher interest-rate expenditure and higher financial costs.4 As the new production base staff became more skilled, equipment and technology were being combined.
This will continue to rise, and the Māori rate is expected to pick up; at the same time, multiple smartphones will continue to protect glass production from the back and back of their phones.
The non-metalization of the back of the 5g and wireless power-filled mobile phones, the accelerated glassing of cellular casings by Apple, Hua, the flagship, 1, 5g proximity and increased wireless charge penetration, led to the scaling of smartphones using the “Mal Middle Box + Non-Gold Material” programme, which is expected to be about 550-600 million smartphones with wireless chargers next year.
New items such as iPhone 8/8prus and iphonex, with 2.5 d glass on their front and back, were released in October, using a four-storey 3d glass backhead program for the mate10 series.
The iphonex and mate10 accelerated the glazing of the metal casings of smartphones, and the glass-looking market space mate10 series, ai chip-leading industry trend. 2 and 4 quarters are the season of smartphone sales, and heavy weight iphonex will be delivered in large quantities starting in November.
The Iphonex innovation is strong, the mobile phone appearance is great, it will match expectations, and the new base is starting to produce.
The company will continue to benefit from a new wave of rotations, led by a national mobile phone leader, the mate10 series, which is expected to lead a new round of national production, and the non-metalization of the backhell of mobile phones. The issuance of a fungible debt will address the glass processing energy bottlenecks, and equity incentives will highlight medium- and long-term development confidence.
1. The issue of a fungible debt has been approved by the CSRC, and the fund-raising project will further enhance the capacity of the outward-looking glass protection units to meet the high demand for the downstream glass, while optimizing the structure of the corporate assets and liabilities. It will effectively stimulate the subjective dynamism of management and staff, and will highlight the company’s long-term development confidence.
The company is a leading global consumer of electronics protection glass, focusing on core competitions such as R & D, production and marketing, mature manufacturing processes, volume capacity, top consumer electronic customer resources, etc.
New materials, such as sapphire and ceramics, will create new growth points. 1. Smart phones are not as forthcoming as expected: 2; consumer electronics market preferences: 3; project production is not on track; tmt team leader.
tmt Research experience in 2016, Contributory Democratic Bonds. Hu Xiaoqiao, Electronic Research Assistant. Beijing University Master of Microelectronics and Solid Electronics, Beijing University Bachelor of Microelectronics, 2016, Allied Democratic Securities. Author with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,