Performance meets expectations, new base capacity starts to yield, summary assessment reports/electronic components, and recently, Lancet published a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2017: the first three quarters of 2017 became part of the plan.
Net profits of shareholders in listed companies amounted to 85,851.08 million yuan ~ 94,062.84 million yuan, an increase of 8-18 per cent over the same period; third quarter performance met expectations, the share of major clients increased significantly, and some additional capacity started to produce \triangleright
1. During the reporting period, the company worked closely with its clients to achieve a significant increase in the share of major clients through the coordinated development of multiple smart hands to protect glass q3 in front and back of the machine for major clients; higher sales to the company, with the addition of additional production capacity to the new production base at Xiaoyangnan Park; non-recurrent gains and losses for the current period
The impact of net profits is estimated at $138.567 million.2 New campus capacity will continue in four quarters and corporate capacity bottlenecks will be resolved.
The company will continue to benefit from the steady increase in productivity, productivity, and good productivity, as the cost of the product continues to climb, the level of the Māori rate will rise steadily, and the company’s performance will continue to grow. Apples such as iphonex will be released, and the industrial chain will enter the intensive reserve phase.
Apple released in September new items like iphone8/8plus, iphonex, which carry 2.5d glass in front and back, and a similar curved glass scheme for some branded state-owned mobile phones. Four quarters are a season for smartphone sales, with heavy pounds of iphonex going to be heavily loaded from November, with the industrial chain entering the intensive stocking phase in the second half of the year.
The company will continue to benefit from the innovation of iphonex, which will lead to a new wave of rotations. With the impact of the new wave of rotations and the low q1 base this year, q1iphone is expected to be able to provide real incentives next year, with a high level of equity, a large number of people involved, a smooth transition to debt and a continuous build-up of code-protected glass.
1. The total number of incentives for this equity incentive is 630. The performance test is aimed at raising the dynamics of the company’s internal dynamics by targeting the revenue incentive scheme for 2016 with high conditions, large numbers and large numbers of employees involved.
2 and 5g development and wireless charging applications promote non-metallicization of the backside of the cell phone.
It is hoped that the use will double. The issuance of a fungible debt will optimize the company’s asset structure, significantly upgrade the glass production capacity, and meet downstream market demand.
BluesTech (300433) Company Review: Central Reporting Company, a leading global consumer of electronics protection glass, focuses on the development, production and marketing of protected panels. Core competition with mature manufacturing processes, volume capacity, top consumer electronic customer resources, etc.
Performance meets expectations, market shares continue to rise, and new materials such as sapphire and ceramics will create new growth points.
1. Consumer electronics demand is not as high as expected;2 consumer electronics market preferences are changing;3 and the project is not on track to reach production, tmt team leader.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence.