In the 3g era, China's connectivity with wcdma plates and profit growth was significantly ahead of movement and telecommunications, and in the 4g era, connectivity delayed 4g construction and fell performance due to strategic selection failures.
On June 6th of the year, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued a 5g commercial license plate marking the advent of the 5g era.
The 5g network infrastructure has been developed in cooperation with Chinese telecommunications, and 5g applications have been explored and tested with a number of Internet giants or leading companies. The telecommunications industry valuation is still historically low, and it is expected that the 5g technology revolution’s dividend will be boosted to 2020.
The 5g technological revolution has created a huge scope for performance up: the 5g network shared with telecommunications will accelerate the process of the technology revolution, the end consumers will maintain high expectations for 5g communications, and the expected 5g-year period will show a relative depth of 300 indexes.
In addition, the Internet will enhance the ability of its service-b-end clients to re-engineer their business models, thereby catalyzing a multi-end outbreak of revenue and profit.
A mix of state-owned enterprises enhances the functioning of the group: strategic investors, such as Batj, are introduced to stimulate connectivity’s technological creativity, while easing the pressure on cash flows. The series of measures optimizes the performance of the group, improves the development dynamics of connectivity, and reduces efficiency gains.
The three main application directions for full-speed power 5g: embb, urllc, and mmtc have been developed to highlight the determination and ability to connect to the 5g era. Connecting will not only provide high-speed, stable 5g traffic broadband to clients, but will also combine multiple development of vr/ar, car networking, industrial Internet.
Wang Smin is still a relatively undervalued company, so for the first time, the company has been given an “enhanced” rating.
Risk factors: 5g co-construction shared less than expected; 5g application slow; 5g penetration rate less than expected; 5g development cost higher than expected; increased market competition; measurement and physical presence
Cong Wenbin, the ages of 1 and 5g have been used to stimulate China's touchback.
In the 4g era, China’s connectivity was delayed by a two-year delay (2013, 2014) in the construction of a large-scale 4g base station, owing to its preference for high-tech fdd-lte technology, and was thus seized by China’s mobile frontlines and dividends, while the overall 4g network construction and combined power lags behind China’s movement.
The advent of the 5g era offers a valuable opportunity for China to achieve a new round of high-growth connectivity. The 5g can bring to the end consumers not only a high-speed, extreme network flow experience, but also an easy-to-life experience of interconnectivity between lifestyle submodules. So the 5g development is an opportunity for China to demonstrate its ability to reshape its technology business model.
At the end, the strong expectations of end-users for 5g communications, the opportunities for multi-product networking of 5g, and the relative elasticity of the 5g business billing strategy have created a solid foundation for China’s new high-speed growth.
Since the second half of 2019, China Connect and China Telecom's 5g network-sharing cooperation has entered a substantial phase of research and exploration in which both sides will share on the wireless and on the transmission side, largely according to the regional excellence of the existing network base.
The breakdown is shown in the figure below, namely, “North-North Connected South” and “North-South” and “South Province” and “South Province” and “South”” and “South-based”, respectively, even if there are priority cities and provinces that are jointly constructed in an even proportion of the country's population, as shown in figure 1.
As figure 2 shows, telecommunications and connectivity require approximately 2 million 5-g-based stations, each with access to the network and spectrum sharing, allowing for annual indexation of base stations.
This cooperation is expected to result in savings of 12.5 per cent of capital expenditure in the first year of construction, up to 50 per cent in the fourth year of operation; capital expenditure per province of connectivity and telecommunications is expected to rise from $50 billion in the first year of construction to $200 billion in the fourth year of operation: both sides are expected to fall.
The number of repeat construction sites will increase from 500,000 in the first year of construction to 2 million in the fourth year. The number of end-users of connectivity and telecommunications will be similar, and the frequency of communications will be coordinated on a continuous basis.
Distribution systems, residential complexes, commercial building communications support facilities, and facilities such as poles, pipelines, etc.
This cooperation has created a convergence of market forces and increased the intensity of competition in the market, particularly in the case of the industry’s leading Chinese movement. The intense competition in the market has created a greater incentive for creativity and has helped to accelerate the technological revolution.
At the end of the third quarter of 2019, China's access to mobile services became a liability, as shown in the figure below.
The total number of users has reached about 325 million, of which 4g users are about 251 million, and the number of fixed-net broadband users is 84.445 million. The current penetration rate for all three 5g subscribers is about 1% of their 4g stock, with the high number of 5g network infrastructure built in 2020, the growing maturity of relevant applications and the market for multi-brand 5g mobile phones.
Recently, pressure from operators to reduce the speed charge was eased by setting prices for the 5g terminal consumer package at a relatively higher rate than 4g, connecting the 7th tranche of the 5g package at a cost ranging from $129/month to $599/month, and the 10th tranche of the 4g package at a cost ranging from $10/month to $399/month, with the overall 5g fee escalation expected to be accompanied by a continuous increase in the number of 5g customers to the connected C-end operation.
Imports and profits increase. Although the end-user is smaller than China’s telecommunications and China’s movement, all three operators have saturated their household size development, which means that an increase in the value of the armo will be particularly important in the future for end-c business income and overall revenue and profit growth.
As can be seen from the above figure, in recent years, the operator's arpu value has been on the decline overall against the backdrop of policy guidance on speeding down fees and high penetration rates of mobile communications operations. As of the end of the third quarter of 2019, China's connection to mobile outgoings has dropped to $40.6 for account users, and price competition and the expansion of user size have been important developments for operators in recent years.
However, at present, all three users tend to be relatively saturated, with a fixed cost of 5g allowing their package pricing to float into space. In addition to this dividend, connecting the next development focus will be the maintenance of network quality enhancement and differential technologies.
1.3 Developing an industrial Internet market to provide security for connectivity growth
Solutions, the area of operations, consists mainly of idc (Internet data centre), it services, object networking, cloud computing, and big data. The following graph details the operating mechanisms of the industry Internet.
In the 5g-enabling industrial Internet age, however, as the figure shows, China Connect will provide communications information technology services that include access to networks, carrying networks, cloud networks, big data analysis, and ict integration.
The sexual network carrying enables industry-end clients to fully meet their needs for access to networks based on different uses, powerful clouds, a pool of resources that provides them with flexible, diverse and secure cloud functions, cloud-net synergies that make collaborative links between different cloud networks more intelligent, and a capacity-opening platform that makes it easier for clients to access the capabilities of related cloud networks.
As figure 6 shows, from 2015 to 2018, China’s Internet operations provide a strong guarantee of growth in its performance.
The share of industrial Internet revenues has continued to rise from 4.11% to 7.91%, and with the acceleration of 5g commerce, the size of industrial Internet revenues reached $23.1 billion in 2018. The idc and cloud calculations contributed significantly, with 147.1 billion in 2018 and higher annual growth rates.
China’s development during the 3g and 4g eras was dominated by the expansion and value-seeking of the network’s end-user users. In recent years, the increased capacity of its industry’s Internet services has not only increased revenue and profits for the group, but has also been a build-up of the group’s long-term strategic competitiveness.
Net demand, more so as to empower industries to digitalize, cloudize, and intelligently transform, serves as an engine for reshaping business social models. China’s connectivity to enhance the technical capabilities of its clients at the end of the service industry is therefore important for building a competitive edge in the new era.
Since 2017, China United has undertaken a series of radical and mixed ownership reforms, including the introduction of strategic investors such as network giants, the implementation of equity incentives to management and technical cadres, the streamlining of group sector institutions, and the introduction of a number of initiatives.
This series of reforms has enabled China to rejuvenate its connectivity from the inside to the outside, and Internet resources such as Batj have enhanced its ability to innovate, equity incentives and sector streamlining have allowed large groups to regenerate, and effective cost control has made it more sophisticated than a low operating culture.
2.1 Strategic investors introduce cash flow pressures to stimulate group creativity. On August 21, 2017, China United issued a mixed ownership reform programme: strategic investors identify with the Uniona stock company.
The purchase of 904 million new shares and the purchase of 1.9 billion shares of Connecta shares from the Connected Group companies together accounted for the expanded cash flow position, reduced debt pressure, and increased confidence in the construction of 5g investments. At the same time, the mix shown in the figure below introduces a number of powerful, innovative, complementary and synergistic battles represented by Batj.
On 1st of January, it co-financed the establishment of the “Cloud Viewing Tourism Technology Company” to carry out in-depth research in the tourism sector on big data, cloud computing, object networking, mobile Internet and 5g technologies, and to provide services for the country's tourism industry in the areas of system integration, application system development, development of major tourism data products, e-commerce in tourism, etc.
Connected and hosted technology co-financed the formation of Cloud Smart Technology Ltd., which focuses on technological innovations in the fields of cdn, margin computing, providing cdn and peripheral resources for the ultra-high-quality video industry and artificial intelligence, such as 4k, 8k, vr.
Infrastructure capacity, such as big data, enabling small and medium-sized manufacturing enterprises to upgrade the industrial Internet. As shown in the figure below, strategic connectivity cooperation covers a wide range of areas and business creativity is expected to be further stimulated. 2.2 Systematic improvements in corporate efficiency and accompanying measures to enhance corporate governance
In an effort to improve the operational efficiency of the entire group, China’s connectivity has introduced and consistently implemented a series of targeted measures over the past two years, which have rekindled large groups into a “second entrepreneurship” struggle. As shown in the figure below, the linkage’s measures include, among other things, “skin, body,” small-scale contracting, restrictive stock incentives, and market-based incentives.
Sub-contracting “Light body” income Māori test and incremental benefit sharing
• One third reduction in the number of headquarters departments, one quarter reduction in the number of "large companies" back to innovative "small structures" by provincial branch offices, and average exit rates for middle-level managers
• Creation of “small management, large operations, strong coordination” with 21,000 small units throughout the country in 2018 and the establishment of a normalization mechanism
Market-based incentives • Performance-oriented optimization of incentives to enhance the availability of labour
• Enabling managers and core talent to perform the functions of connectivitya, enabling people to move in and out, combining current and long-term incentives to achieve
The series of measures shown in the figure above can be summarized in two ways: “simplification” and “encouraging”.