Deutsche Bank
Markets Research
Asia
Date
Industry
China
Shanghai Pharma
Health Care
Results
Health Care
In-line quarter led by manufacturing
business
Jack Hu, PhD
Research Analyst
Shanghai Pharma reported revenue / core profit of RMB33.3bn / 685m in 3Q17,
growth of 10%/11%. Growth in the distribution arm was dragged down by two
Megan Xu
invoice policy and broad reform headwinds, while anemic profit growth was due
Research Associate
to the high base last year from JV contributions. The manufacturing segment
remained the bright spot with 22% growth in 3Q17, or 11% on an organic
basis. Contributions from Vitaco and acquired assets in 3Q17 were approximately
RMB280m and RMB65m, respectively. We highlight the solid cash generation
abilities of SPH, with RMB1.1bn OCF inflow in 3Q17, compared with RMB850m
inflow in 3Q16. We maintain Buy on SPH-H on its valuation and growth outlook;
Hold for SPH-A.
Distribution decelerated, while manufacturing continues to deliver
Pharma distribution registered a growth deceleration in 3Q17, registering YoY
growth of -9.6%, compared to 10%/16% in 1H17/2016. On the contrary, organic
growth at the manufacturing arm accelerated to 11% YoY in 3Q17, compared
to 7%/5% in 1H17/2016. Executives expect to capture opportunities arising from
the outflow of prescription drugs, supported by the derivative business, including
commercial healthcare insurance and Yiyao e-commerce.
Margin expansion driven by higher DS contributions
GM/OPM increased to 12.1% and 3.9% in 3Q17, compared to 11.3%/3.4%
in 3Q16. Gross margin expansion was driven by a growth acceleration at
DS and a lower contribution from the IDS segment. OPM improvements are
largely attributed to lower selling/marketing expenses and improving operational
efficiency. Going forward, management expects financing costs to trend upward
slightly, on the back of an upward interest rate revision cycle. AR and inventory
days in 3Q16. AP days increased from 83 days in 3Q16 to 100 days this quarter,
suggesting enhanced operational liquidity despite reform challenges.
Maintaining PT of HKD24.5 for SPH-H and RMB21.3 for SPH-A; risks
We derive our target price from 16.5x 2018E EPS. We believe SPH deserves a
slight premium for its high earnings visibility and future acquisition opportunities,
compared to peers trading at 15x with 12% growth in 2018E (vs. the 10% we
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its residistributed on: 01/11/2017 05:51:07 GMT
aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
are located in appendix 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017. The content may not be distributed in the people ' s
REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF
PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
Health Care
Shanghai Pharma
model for SH Pharma). Upside/ downside risks include price cuts, M&A progress
and ASP erosion in flagship products.
3Q17 recap
We highlight the following key updates during 3Q17:
Impact of two-invoice system: Management expects the gradual
implementation to continue to exert pressure on its IDS segment, while
the DS businesses are likely to enjoy above-industry growth and further
margin expansion. We estimate the net loss to its IDS business could
be close to RMB10bn in FY2018, as reform implementation accelerates.
Nevertheless, GM is likely to continue to trend higher as the percentage
of DS increases in the next few quarters. We remind investors that DS/
IDS remain steady at c. 70% / 30%, respectively.
Distribution: DS delivered significant outperformance vs. IDS in
provinces with policy implementation. According to the company, it
achieved 8%+/ 14.7%/ 24.3% in Anhui/ Hunan and Shaanxi provinces
respectively. For Anhui in particular, DS growth stood above 8% while
IDS recorded only 4.5% during the same period. In the aforementioned
three provinces, SPH achieved market share expansion as a result of a
favorable policy.
Manufacturing business: SH Pharma achieved organic growth
acceleration in its manufacturing franchise at 11%/ 7%/ 5% in
3Q17/ 1H17/ 2016, respectively. Notably, sales from Vitaco registered
RMB280m in 3Q17, while two more acquisitions from Gansu and Tianjin
generated RMB65m to the top line.
On M&A: Shanghai Pharma is actively reviewing favorable targets for
acquisitions, with the following selection criteria: 1) an expanding
footprint in previously non-covered regions; 2) companies with a
competitive edge in specific disease TA. On overseas acquisitions, SH
Pharma will focus mainly on companies with specialty pharma, patented
drugs or products with high entry barriers.
Geographical breakdown: Zero mark-up policy in Beijing reduced
overall ASP by 9-10% during Apr-Sep 17, and volume growth stood at
approximately 10%, maintaining flat YoY growth for Beijing revenue.
Executives believe that the majority of the negative impact is already
reflected in the first few months. Going forward, SH Pharma expects
stable growth in the distribution arm from the Beijing region.
Shanghai Pharmaceuticals
Reuters: 2607.HK
Bloomberg: 2607 HK
Buy
Company Profile
Shanghai Pharmaceuticals is the second-largest pharmaceutical
distributor and third-largest pharmaceutical manufacturing
company in China. Its pharmaceutical business includes
chemical, biopharmaceutical and TCM products, Additionally, the
company has the largest retail drug store operation in the eastern
region of China.
Margin Trends
Source: Company data, Deutsche Securities estimates
Shanghai Pharmaceuticals
Reuters: 601607.SS
Bloomberg: 601607 CH
Hold
Company Profile
Shanghai Pharmaceuticals is the second-largest pharmaceutical
distributor and third-largest pharmaceutical manufacturing
company in China. Its pharmaceutical business includes
chemical, biopharmaceutical and TCM products. Additionally, the
company has the largest retail drug store operation in the eastern
region of China.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Securities estimates
Health Care
Shanghai Pharma
Important Disclosures
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received non-investment banking related compensation from this
company within the past year.
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
As of the end of the preceding week, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) owns one percent or more of a class of
common equity securities of this company.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst about the subject
issuers and the securities of those issuers. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Jack Hu
Historical recommendations and target price. Shanghai Pharmaceuticals (601607.SS)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Suspended Rating
Deutsche Bank
03/07/2016
Hold, Target Price Change CNY 15,10 Jack Hu, Ph.D
08/15/2016
Hold, Target Price Change CNY 18,10 Jack Hu, Ph.D
03/21/2016
Hold, Target Price Change CNY 14,80 Linc Yiu**
09/14/2016
Hold, Target Price Change CNY 19,80 Jack Hu, Ph.D
07/31/2016
Hold, Target Price Change CNY 16,90 Jack Hu, Ph.D
01/08/2017
Hold, Target Price Change CNY 21,30 Jack Hu, Ph.D
Historical recommendations and target price. Shanghai Pharmaceuticals (2607.HK)
(as of 10/31/2017)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Suspended Rating
Deutsche Bank
01/31/2016
Hold, Target Price Change HKD 17,60 Jack Hu, Ph.D
08/15/2016
Hold, Target Price Change HKD 20,10 Jack Hu, Ph.D
03/07/2016
Hold, Target Price Change HKD 16,80 Jack Hu, Ph.D
Hold, Target Price Change HKD 22,00 Jack Hu, Ph.D
08/28/2016
Upgraded to Buy, Target Price Change HKD 24,00 Jack
03/21/2016
Hold, Target Price Change HKD 16,30 Jack Hu, Ph.D
01/08/2017
Hu, Ph.D
Hold, Target Price Change HKD 17,10 Jack Hu, Ph.D
04/28/2017
Buy, Target Price Change HKD 25,10 Jack Hu, Ph.D
Hold, Target Price Change HKD 18,80 Jack Hu, Ph.D
Buy, Target Price Change HKD 24,50 Jack Hu, Ph.D
Equity Rating Key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield),
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Health Care
Shanghai Pharma
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or otherwise.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are
paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. Trade
by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a time frame of no
less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to time discuss with
our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts
or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. Coverage and
the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company specific economic prospects make it
difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst concerned or of
the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report
is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial
situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments
or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst ' s
judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors and investors must make
their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without
notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely
affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices
are current as of the end of the previous trading session, and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg
and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
to our research is available on our website under Disclaimer found on the Legal tab.
Health Care
Shanghai Pharma
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows),
increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss.
The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility
(which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and settlement issues
related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed income instruments
to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to
specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the index fixings may -- by
construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of the
proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to
a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is also important to acknowledge
that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Naturally,
options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own circumstances
including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities, and as such,
investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the
contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a
result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater
than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior
to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at http://
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: ( i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; ( ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
gm.db.com/equities under the "Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading
strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account
type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making
Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated,
who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions
and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products
Health Care
Shanghai Pharma
and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask
that you inform us immediately.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany ' s Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)
as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received administrative
warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising
from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who is not an
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations),
they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
Health Care
Shanghai Pharma
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial
products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by
the Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that
fall within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International
Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by
Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as defined by the
Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
research-information.html
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Head of APAC Research
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
Filiale Hongkong
2-11-1 Nagatacho
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Germany
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America