Low-pressure electrical appliances are growing steadily, new energy operations are high, \triangleright Blue Sea operations are initially deployed, and the low-pressure electrical channel industry is advancing both ways.
Against the backdrop of a massive rise in the \triangleright grid, the company has not raised prices and implemented a strategy of scale-up, targeting a higher market share. The company’s initial deployment of the low-pressure appliance Blue Sea operation is expected to accelerate profitability with the expansion of the market share.
In terms of channels, the regional capital, the small b & smalla clientele have steadily advanced, with the addition of the provincial capital/industrial city canal Deng Yongkang, the orderly promotion of the construction of district generals and distributors, and the addition of 26 regional general sales companies in 21 years.
More than 5,000 clients were added and the distributors were converted to more than 1,300. 2) Internationalization, based on a localization strategy, maintained a high rate of growth in major overseas markets such as Greater Europe (year-on-year +42 per cent), Greater North America (year-on-year + 90 per cent), West Asia and Africa (year-on-year + 23 per cent). 3) Industry, 21 years of company power, industrial oems, industrial projects, etc.
New energy operations are high, household use, power plant development & reserves are high. 21 years of company new energy industries have high climates, pc, energy-conservation plates are growing faster, centralized power plants are largely stable, no.
It's a high-speed increase in self-loading capacity, and it's expected to continue the high speed of the future company's energy plate.
4 55/22mw, with continuous upgrading of self-held business installed capacity; at present, companies are building centralized power stations in Gansu, Hebei and Shanxi in excess of 1,100mw, with sufficient installed capacity, deployed in line with the “platformization, light assets” strategy, using a rolling development/sale model of power station assets and cash flow status expected to hold
\triangleright \triangleright net parent profit due to the effects of changes in controlled technology \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.