High and growing combined performance in 2021 Slanwa (60046.sh) . 2021 is expected to increase year-on-year, with an increase in the value added of financial assets resulting in non-recurrent gains
In this way, the company realizes a net profit of $225,239 million in the first quarter of 2021q4 from non-repatriation, and maintains a greater profitability than in the previous quarter. The company presses the power of semiconductor industry, allows it to actively expand its production, replaces its products and imports its large customers. We raise the profit margin.
• There is a clear trend towards high-end corporate products and a continuous improvement in client structure The firm maintains high-intensity R & D inputs, building on 8 and 12 inches of line development and an iterative high-end material code, and perfects the product matrix. In 2021, the beneficiary industries developed a high-profile state of view, and the company's products continued to grow in white power, communications, and telecommunications.
High-end markets, such as industry, photovoltaics, and new energy vehicles, have made breakthroughs. Corporate power management chips, mems sensors, ipm, led, and mosfet/igbt have all seen significant increases in revenue from power-distributed devices products, with the product structure being optimized and operating profits increasing significantly.
Ben is fully productive, making the first full-year profit. The company’s controlling subsidiary, Slander Quid, is fully productive, making a full-year profit and increasing the company’s performance. The company’s 8 inch and 12 inch production expansion, laying the foundation for rapid, high-quality development in 2022.
In December 2021, the company announced that it would use $531 million to raise funds for Slander's subsidiary.
Core talent, recapitalization and semiconductor, is also in the process of being implemented. The company is looking at the industry landscape and is actively building productive capacity, not only to expand production to meet the demands of the market, but also to provide space for the restructuring of the company’s products, which will be fast-growing in 2022.
Qualitative development lays a solid foundation on which to build.