Performance continues to grow at a high rate, looking at the high end of the product, performance continues to grow at a high rate, and year-end costing influences perceived profits. Company 21q4 is expected to earn a net profit from the mother \triangleright
The net assets share of the company is adjusted to end-of-period fair values, resulting in an increase of $534 million in net profits and an increase in corporate income and Māori rates, respectively, as a result of the introduction of Ernst and Technology to the market in November 2021 at the Science and Innovation Board and the introduction of S&T to external investment in 2021.
The product structure has been steadily upgraded, and the share of high-end products such as igbt has risen. The lack of core has accelerated the replacement of domestic production, and companies have continued to push for product structure upgrades and breakthroughs in high-threshold markets such as white power, communications, industry, photovoltaics, new energy vehicles.
Out-of-home, ongoing testing of goods such as Hitchuan, Biadi; collaboration with mainstream producers such as Sun and Kudwe in light wind power, stand-alone orders and modules have been increased; full replacement of Japanese producers in home ipm, with 410 million won in 21H1 and will continue to be released; and increased areas of work and control with Hsikawa and Yvesten, among others
1. Slanwa (600460): Three main lines of business continue to advance, with sic, the 6-inch test line running in Hangzhou, sic diodes, moss moving steadily towards research and development, with a focus on the idm giant moving into a period of gold growth
And we think with 210,000 6-inch silicon-based energy, sic can start with a three-quarterly review of Led production: a rapid conversion. For mems, the company has been working for more than a decade and continues to roll the accelerometers, silicon microphones.
There are long-term prospects for declining Māori development, etc., where products are entering head clients like hmov and are continuously increasing production capacity for release; for power chips, such as fast-loading, the field company has also launched a series of cellular fast-loading, car-loading, pwm-controlled chips and synchronous flow products to cover them.
The 20w-65w power range is expected to rise. As the product structure is steadily upgraded, it is expected that the level of the Māori rate will rise without more stable harvests.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.