On February 22, 2022, Slanwa issued an announcement to co-finance Slancco (12 inches) with the Foundation II.
Replenishment aims to accelerate the construction of the 12 inch 2 production line at a total capacity of 60,000 units per month. The company \triangleright originally planned the first production line capacity target for Sranco (12 inches) of 80,000 units per month, 1 of which has already reached 21
At the end of the year, the current round of replenishments will be used for 20,000 tablets/month, 12 inches of production line technology upgrades and expansions. My product-scale effects + product structure upgrades show up, 12 inches of profit increase.
In the first three quarters, Srancco earned $433 million in operating income, with a net profit of $119 million. The reference company reported that it had disclosed data from Srancco's subsidiary, and that in 21 q3 Srancco received a net profit of $ 205 million, with a net profit of $4.23 million.
The product structure will be upgraded without any additional depreciation, and the yield-line profitability level will be expected to increase further. The major fund will be involved in the SLR microline, and the company’s power line will be highlighted.
Srancco’s semiconductor company, which invested in the first phase of the Great Fund, highlights the Fund’s importance to Srandwa. When the demand for new energy vehicles and photovoltaics downstream of the Powered Semiconductor continues to burst, the industry’s demand for supplies continues, and, with the acceleration of national production replacements, the company is moving toward rapid product upgrading and customer upgrading.
On the other hand, with the speed of the 12-inch production line, the company’s productivity advantages have been highlighted, and the full benefits have continued to be scarce. Currently, the low-pressure sector in the public sector has continued to break through, with the vehicle using the igbt module in the Hong Kong, Biadey, Mitsubishi electric power, running, etc.
We're working with mainstream producers like Sunshine and Gudwe; we're doing a full-blown high-growth run for high-end products; we're replacing Japanese producers, with 410 million dollars in 21H1 and will continue to be released; and we're working in the field of industrial control with Hitchuan and Weiten.
2. Slander (600460): Three major operations continue to progress, \triangleright idm entering a period of gold growth
High-end upgrades are progressing, operations such as igbt, mems and third-generation semiconductors are progressing steadily, and growth potential is much more to be expected. Maintenance of a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.