Slander (600460): The performance forecast for 2021 is too high and the national production of the idm is growing fast (for the first time)
Slanwa issued an annual performance forecast for 2021: expected to achieve a net return on the mother ' s profit by 2021  expected performance forecast for 2021, continued high growth in the company, based on the company ' s annual performance forecast for 2021, is expected to be achieved in q4 in 2021
High-threshold markets, such as white power, communications, industry, photovoltaics, new energy vehicles, bursting, power management chips, mems sensors, ipm, mosfet, igbt, sbd, tvs, frd, led, etc., with significant growth in operating income and continued product structure
Optimization, a significant improvement in the combined Māori rate and a significant increase in operating profits; 2) Basicly full production of the 8-inch line of the Slancium in 2021 and continuous optimization of the product mix to achieve full annual profitability and full production and high production of the Slander Lod chip production line
(c) Other non-current financial assets held by companies increased in value in 2021, of which Ernst and Technology were listed in November 2021, and the net share of the company ' s assets increased net profits by fair value adjustments at the end of the period
534 million yuan. The net share of the assets of the company, adjusted for fair value at the end of the period, increased the net profit by 52 million yuan.
The company is a small number of Idm semiconductor enterprises in the country whose products include various power source products, trans-frequency control systems and chips, mems sensor products, power half-conduct, represented by igbt, super-feat mosfet and high-density groove grid mosfet
Physical products, smart power module products (ipm), industrial and car-standard power modular products (pim), high-voltage integrated circuits, led screen pixel tubes with high-reliability indicators for Mercala, etc.
Lines, with a 5/6 inch-line production of around 200,000, a 8 inch production of between 6 and 65,000, and a 12 inch of Sranco, with a current monthly capacity of 40,000, expected to climb to 60,000 by the end of 22; and application collars.
In the domain, in addition to accelerating market expansion in white power, industrial control, etc., the company's separation devices and high power modules have begun to speed up access to new energy cars, photovoltaics, etc., where the company's self-researched electric car masters of v-digbt and frd chips have been developed.
The machine-driven module has been tested by a number of customers in the country and has begun to deliver bulk to some of them; on the client side, the company's products have been obtained from millet, vivo, oppo, Haikang, Daehua, Mio, Gri, Heising, Haile, Sinkkawa, lg, etc.
The recognition of global brand clients like Osran, Sony, Delta, Dakota, and Nec, Japan, we believe that the company, as a national idm flagship, has reached its full capacity of 5/6 and 8 inches, and as the 12-inch capacity of line production is gradually released, the company is added to the light, new energy.
The accelerated layout of the source car sector is expected to lead to sustained high growth in the future.  Replenishment plus 8 inches of production lines and semiconductors of compounds, and equity incentives are exciting and exciting.
On December 23, 2021, the company issued an announcement to raise funds in Sland to invest 561 million yuan in the 8-inch integrated circuit chip production line phase II project, which is a step forward in the development of the company’s 8-inch production line special process and manufacturing platform.
The company’s eight-inch line, which has been stifling in the first three quarters of 2021, has increased its manufacturing capacity and profitability, and has increased its overall competitiveness. At the same time, the company’s code-plus compound business, which was announced on November 30, 2021, is to be used as a semiconductor with the Xiamen.
The main objective of the investment group is to increase capital adequacy and to accelerate the construction and operation of the semiconductor production line for compounds, which was almost 4 inches per month in the first half of 2021.
The production capacity of 50,000 chips is moving towards the ability to produce 70,000 pieces per month, and in the first half of 2021, the development of the silicon basegan compound power semiconductor device is continuing, and the middle-test line of the sic power device has been wired.
In addition, on 23 December 2021, the company issued an incentive scheme for senior high school managers and core technical cadres with a total of 24.19 million 2003.25 million shares, with the right to practice, for the first time in more than a decade, which contributed to the company's ability to build human cohesion and support.
Industry downside risks, output uphills are not as fast as expected, growth is less than expected, industry competition increases risks, overseas policy changes, etc.  Introduction by the Electronics Group
Maozheng: Master of Arts (M.A.) University, three years ' experience with American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, and employment in the National Dollar Securities, 2018-2020 Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.