Slander's annual performance report for 2021: the company achieved business income in 2021.
Four quarters of the year's best, with a significant increase in profitability, the company achieved 1,972 million yuan in 2021 q4 single season, the highest year-round, +49.80 per cent of the year, ring + 3.03 per cent, net profit of the mother at $790 million, after deduction.
The realization of the net return to the mother is 208 million yuan, of which the non-recurring gains and losses are mainly due to the net increase of 586 million yuan in net profits resulting from company-held equity in road and field technology adjusted for fair value at the end of the period.
A breakdown of products shows that in 2021, integrated circuits/separate devices/literated diodes each generated $22.93/38.13/708 million, each increasing by the same year.
The performance forecast is higher than expected, and the national product, idm, is high-speed growth. 2022-01-24 ipm module (house power/industry): 860 million won in 2021, a year-on-year increase.
More than 100% long, widely applied in industry, home power, etc., with a total of more than 38 million slanipm modules used by mainstream white whole-officers in the country (ibid. + 110%). In addition, the company introduced two-generation ipm modules, with more than one-generation ipm modules.
Higher accuracy, lower wear and tear, and higher reliability, and expected future ipm module harvests will continue to grow rapidly; mcu (industry/photovoltaic): 2021 company electrical control type mcu continued in industrial frequency transformers, industrial ups, photovoltaic reverses, textile machinery
A wide range of applications, such as servo products, variable fan applications and electric bicycles, have been widely applied: power devices (cars): the V-digbt and frd main motor drive module, developed by the company itself in 2021, is already in the country.
Many clients have been tested and delivered in bulk to some clients, and the company is currently building up fast-track and industrial-grade modular capacity, and the future pick-up of the pim module is expected to grow rapidly; the fast-filled chip group/poe chip/mems/led chip:
The 2021 fast-filled series of products has been applied to domestic mobile brand manufacturers with a significant increase in the volume of shipments/appointment of multipoe chips, including multiple dc-dc power chips, which can satisfy a wide range of power and complete power in areas such as security.
Applying the demand, the overall solution ' s lead/mems sensors have delivered close to 30 million per month, most of the domestic mobile brands have been used in large quantities, at the same time accelerating their expansion to white power, industry, automobiles, etc., and are expected to return in the future.
Increased growth/acceleration in the development and client development of mini-led chips and backlights in high-density (cob) screens in the mi-led chips and LCD smart areas to speed up the development of high-light led illumination chips into car lighting, hands
Mid-to-high-end chip markets, such as backlights, landscape lighting.
Total output: 5, 6 inches (Schlan) totaled 2.544 million (Schlant) total output, 6573 million (year-on-year +14.90 per cent), asp approximately annual profit: 12 inches (Schranco) produced more than 3.6 chips per month in December
Ten thousand pieces, more than 200,000 units, with a total annual output of about $3844, while the company has embarked on the implementation of an additional 240,000 12-inch high-voltage integrated circuits and power devices project, the company will continue to promote the power chips and circuits required by the rules of the car in the future.
In addition, the mid-test line of the company's sic power device became operational in 2021 h1 and work has begun on the construction of a 6-inch sić power unit chip line in Slanmingang, which is expected to be connected in q3 in 2022; with regard to the outer extensions, it has been completed.
Doslan has developed the production capacity of 700,000 annual silicon expanses (covering 5, 6, 8 and 12 inches) and, in the case of modular encapsulation, Chengdu has formed the annual production intelligence (ipm) 100 million, annual industrial and motor vehicle-grade power modules.
(pim) 800,000 units, 1 billion units per year, 200 million sensors per year, 40 million units per year of optical appliances. The company insists on the idm model, which is even more rapid in the development of unique processes and products.
The competitive advantages that have emerged have helped to improve product quality, control costs, provide differentiated products and services to households, and improve their systems of support to large manufacturers The downside risks of industry, the pace of productivity climbs less than expected, the competition for industry
Electronic group presentation Mao Jian: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world
Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.