Slanwa (600460) Electronic q4 performance met expectations, power idm dragons sailed, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
The company’s main business is steadily advancing, and the value added of non-current financial assets held is higher. According to the performance forecast for 2021, the value added of non-mobile financial assets held by the company totalled $590 million, with the company adjusting to $530 million for fair value as a result of the company’s listing on the Internet, and to fair value as a result of the introduction of core technology to external investors.
High-end operations continue to break out, and product structures are further optimized. Corporate products continue to break through high-threshold markets such as white power, communications, industry, photovoltaics, new energy vehicles, and a number of mainstream white power producers in the country have been able to complete their engines.
More than 18 million slanipm modules, red light, infrared, etc. semiconductor chips are produced and guided in large customers, and the test line in the sic power device is wired. The share of the igbt in the separate device product is gradually increasing, and the development of the technology platform for the excess mosfet, igbt, etc. is continuing to accelerate.
The business earnings of products such as chips, mems sensors, ipm (intelligent power module), mosfet, sbd, tvs, frd, led, etc. have grown rapidly, the product structure has continued to optimize, the combined Māori rate has improved significantly, and corporate performance has been further enhanced.
The company, as a semiconductor of the Idm model, has a leading capacity in the country. The company owns a 5/6 inch of 210,000 a month-long inch, and another controlling subsidiary, Slander.
The strong crystal-crystal capacity guarantees the expansion of the company’s product lines, further entrenching the company’s position in the industry in the global absence of cores.
The vanity of power devices, sustained breakthroughs in high-end products, and a strong supply of crystal-crystal capacity are expected to maximize their advantages in the power semiconductor-state production replacement process and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The risk of a shift in fair value for production having an impact on the company’s performance.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.