On May 25, the company released an entrepreneurship board to issue stock collection statements (registry drafts) to specific target audiences.
It is expected that the capital structure will be optimized by issuing a collection statement (registry draft). It is expected that no more than 35 selected investors will be issued with shares of no more than 5% of the company ' s total equity before the launch.
The proposed projects will include, inter alia, the construction of a project to expand the Changsail site, the construction of a new project in Lake North, the construction of a new project in Angel El, the expansion of the Shenyang Yill eye site, and the expansion of the Shanghai El site.
The project is expected to increase service capacity, a new project in your state, and a project to expand the site of Nanning-El.
With the completion of the project, it is expected that the maximum capacity for design coverage will be 3.6 million visits per year, compared with 2020, 202,25132. The steady growth in performance, with a sequenced chaining, will increase the actual number of visits by 280 per cent and will significantly improve the level of ophthalmological services at the central provincial hospitals and promote public services.
In addition to the above projects, $890 million of the funds raised are intended to supplement the liquidity. On the basis of the actual number of visits in 2020, it is assumed that the various projects are not being optimized.
The number of visits is consistent with the overall growth rate of 16% in the industry, and the design capacity is expected to be fully utilized within three to eight years of the hospital’s commissioning.
4. A big data report on the White Paper on China-Europe and Europe-Europe Near-Visual Surgery. According to the White Paper, the number of company-based near-visibility surgeries increased by 96 per cent in 2021 compared to 2018, with new close-view surgery technologies such as full flying seconds, icl, etc.
In 2021, about 47% of low- and medium-level near-sighted patients chose the full-fly second technique, about 94% of very-high-visibility patients chose the icl formula, and high-cost high-end technical outreach was progressing well. At present, only individual hospitals are suspended due to the effects of the epidemic, and the impact on the company as a whole is expected.
Given the rigidity of the demand for ophthalmology, the super-summer is the traditional season of consumer health services, when firm performance is expected to increase rapidly, recommending sustained attention. As the leader of the domestic ophthalmology industry, the company is expected to build on this target increase.
The capacity of the therapeutic services, without taking into account the impact of this increase on total equity and financial costs, is expected to result in the company Xu Xu Xian, risk of a rebound of the epidemic; overseas expansion is not as high as expected; market competition increases the risk; and the rate of mergers and acquisitions is not as high as expected.
Anticipated risks; risk of medical safety accident disputes, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment