The target audience is expected to be no more than 35 selected investments.
By the end of the year, the number of shares issued was no more than 5 per cent of the total stock of the company prior to the launch, i.e., the promotion of a smooth new decade strategy and the continuous improvement of the chaining model.
The priority hospitals in the 10-year strategy will be used to improve the capacity of hospitals to compare their prices with the 300-degree trend.
This fund-raising and investment project.
Upon completion, the maximum number of visits (combined) is expected to reach 35.954 million per year, with a total of 394 planned consultations; this represents a significant increase in the capacity and operational capacity of companies to further shape their mouths compared to the actual number of visits in 2020 (946.5 million per year) as compared to +280 per cent.
This campaign will speed up the construction of a network of intra-provincial services that use regional front hospitals as a platform for radiation transmission to lower hospitals, continue to improve the system of level-based consultations, improve the market for ophthalmology services, and create a leading role in the company's differential services.
The growing size of the ophthalmology service sector, the irreversible trend of ageing, unhealthy current life habits, the increase in disposable income, and the growing awareness of the population about eye care make up the need for ophthalmology services.
The Department’s current targeted fund-raising project can help companies further consolidate their existing market shares and increase the number of companies that are the largest professional ophthalmological ring-links in the world, and now have access to medical networks.
In mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Europe, the United States, South-East Asia, etc., strategic patterns for global development have been laid; the original hierarchical chain model and its accompanying business management system have continued to run within the industry. We appreciate the company’s pre-emptive advantage, and this targeted collection will further help expand the company.
1. El ophthalmological network of major hospitals (300015.sh) to further attract clients, achieve a spiral-up effect and maintain the “buy-in” evaluation
Contact person: Chen Jiewi, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research in the health-care sector.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.