El ophthalmology (300015.sz) Net return profit increased by 34.8 per cent in 2021 over the same period, following the development strategy for the new decade.
Performance growth is robust and high, maintaining high-quality development. In 2021, the company achieved a revenue of 150.0 billion net profit of 608 million (+10.6 per cent) from non-repatriate mothers, and the q4 quarter income was affected by the high base figure for the same period last year.
The rise in demand for ophthalmology has been gradually released, branding has continued to rise, the country is in good control of the epidemic, and together it has contributed to robust performance. Profitability has continued to improve, and operating cash flows have been stable.
(+0.9 pp), mainly due to the scale effect and the high Māori income from skimming and visual operations as a result of the continuous increase in input from the digital transformation of the company Piti, the creation of “digital ophthalmology” in areas such as digitization of services, electronic medical records, ophthalmologically assisted diagnostics. Net operating cash flow was 4.08 billion (+22.1 per cent) in 2021.
A ratio of 176% to the net profit of the parent indicates that the company has a healthy cash flow of good quality. Leaking and sightings continue to be high, accelerating the construction of the multi-level hospital system “1+8+n.” In 2021, the number of company clinics was 10.2 million (+35.1%), and the number of surgeries was 817,000 (+17.64%),
The amount of treatment continues to grow robustly in the face of local outbreaks of disease, both inside and outside the country. Leaklight, visual light, and cataract industries collect $552 million (+26.9%), 3.38 billion (+37.7%) and 2.190 billion (+11.7%) respectively.
The company has invested a great deal of human and material resources in the field of near-visibility control for young people, and the quality of visualization and services in hospitals has been improving, contributing to a steady increase in the number of visual mirrors.
In 2021, a total of 27 hospitals were acquired and held, El ophthalmology 300015-2020 and a review of the first quarter of 2021: Deportation, accelerated layout of district hospitals and eye clinics, and promotion of one world-class and eight national districts.
" El ophthalmology 300015-2020 " : performance over expectations, construction of the ophthalmology centre in the field, construction of the nationwide chain chain in El ophthalmology " . " El ophthalmology 300015-2020 semi-annual review: strong recovery of performance, promotion of dragons "
Investment proposals: A small downward shift in profit forecasts, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The company is a leading company in the field of ophthalmology services in the country, with robust growth in performance, sustained brand influence, and has developed a well-developed system of medical education and research, with “secondary entrepreneurship” steadily advancing and “buy-in” maintained.
Billions (+10.6%), q4 seasons of income, influenced by the high base for the same period last year, show a slower rate of growth, with a net return of the same value of the same amount as the return of the mother (+18.7%) and a net profit of 611 million (+26.2%) and a steady increase in the impact of the epidemic. People’s awareness of health is growing gradually, demand for the upgrading of eye consumption is beginning to release, and El brand influences
The country’s management of the epidemic has continued to improve, and together it has contributed to robust and high performance growth. Figure 2: A single-season income from El ophthalmology and growth (in billions of dollars, per cent)
(+0.9 pp), mainly due to the scale effect and the higher share of income from the high Maori dosage and visualization operations, higher staff remuneration and advertising costs, and 13.1 per cent (+1.1 pp) management costs, mainly due to annual staff salaries, annual R & D investment of 223 million (+35.5 per cent) and continued increased investment by companies in digital transformation, in the number of medical services
“Digital ophthalmology” in the fields of typology, electronic medical records, operational cloud systems, eye-aided diagnostics, diagnostic equipment, etc. The company further developed the Medical Research Platform, resulting in a talent development system centred on “multi-horizontal” “multi-stop” “two-stops”, official award of “post-doctoral research workstations” and approval of the “Expert workstations” in Changsha City
The academic capacity of scientific research is steadily increasing and high levels of scientific research are emerging. Figure 5: Changes in El ophthalmology Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates and Roe Figure 6: Changes in the Four Cost Ratios of El ophthalmology
Operating cash flows are healthy and stable. In 2021, net operating cash flows amounted to $4.08 billion (+22.1 per cent), net operating cash flows amounted to 176 per cent of net profit returns and ebitda amounted to 78 per cent, indicating equity recognition in corporate stock, and companies had sufficient cash reserves to cope with changes in the macro-environment or market.
In 2021, there were 10.2 million company outpatients (+35.1%) and 817,000 surgeries (+17.64%), and the number of consultations continued to grow robustly in the face of local and international outbreaks. The drop-in, visual, and cataract businesses received $552 million, respectively.
Rapid growth has been accompanied by a further rise in the full-fly second, high-end technologic ratios of icl, showing a high-valued climate, while companies have increased their coverage of the grass-roots market. Companies have invested a great deal of human and material resources in young people’s near-visit control, with initial results, leading to a gradual increase in the brand influence of El Xia.
In this regard, the quality of the visual and visualization of hospitals has been constantly improving, and the quality of the visual products has been improving. This has contributed to a steady increase in the number of visual mirrors and to a rapid increase in patient satisfaction.
Acquisition of ownership and control of 27 hospitals, such as 65 per cent of Ere in Jiangmen, 51 per cent of El in the State, accelerated layout of local, county hospitals and eye clinics, further improvement of the breadth, depth and density of the medical network, and effective improvement of resource-sharing efficiency and accessibility of ophthalmological services.
By completing the third round of inquiries, the company will have made an orderly contribution to the construction of a world-class and eight national regional ophthalmological centre, which will strengthen the breadth, depth, density, and height of the country’s health-care network. El ophthalmology’s nation-wide hierarchies have been gradually improved, helping to strengthen and consolidate industry leaders.
Investment proposals: Lower profit forecasts and maintain the "buy-in" rating. Taking into account the inaccuracies of the new crown epidemic, the chain pattern is expanding rapidly, and the "inner + extension" together support performance growth. Net revenue gains are growing robustly, quality cards are growing, and there is a well-developed medical and research system and talent development mechanism, and the new decade is twice.
Entrepreneurship has steadily advanced, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author