The Medical Health Research Center has successfully completed its project and is expected to accelerate the upgrading of its service capacity.
On 11 May, the company received a letter of communication from the company ' s listed audit centre on the application of the El Eye Hospital Group Unit Limited to issue shares to a specific target group.
It is expected that no more than 35 selected investors will be issued and that the number of shares will not exceed 5% of the company’s total equity before the issuance, i.e.,
The mobilization of funds is expected to contribute effectively to the simultaneous expansion of old and new hospitals and to the enhancement of the capacity to deliver health services.
Eight projects: construction; construction of a new Hubei El; construction of a new Angel El; expansion of the Shenyang Yiel vision; expansion of the Shanghai El site; construction of a new Guizhou El; expansion of the South Ning Yill site; replenishment of liquidity.
With the completion of the sub-financing investment project, it is expected that the maximum number of design visits will be 3,594 million, compared with the full-Early ophthalmology tri-quarter review, 2021.10.26 The actual number of visits to existing local hospitals by 2020 will increase by 280 per cent and will be further upgraded.
The company’s operations are growing steadily over the long term, and high-quality development is continuing. The company is moving ahead with the new decade in an orderly fashion.
The strategy has been accompanied by faster growth in key business sectors such as visual light, kryptonite, cataracts, etc., where the growth in the performance of visual services and kryptonum surgery has been the highest. In 2021, companies achieved 1,019,600 outpatient visits, an increase of 35 per cent compared to the previous year; and surgeries, 81.73 million, an increase of 18 per cent compared to the previous year.
It is hoped that the company will take this opportunity to further expand the capacity of medical services by upgrading and building new homes and providing high-quality and reliable eye care to a wider group of patients. The company will also continue to work at the clinical, pedagogical, scientific, and service levels.
The company, as the leader of the domestic ophthalmology industry, is expected to further increase the risk of a rebound from the epidemic, overseas expansion less than expected, market competition increases the risk, and M & As are not fast enough.
Anticipated risk; risk of medical safety accident disputes, etc. score, then averaged final rating and built as average market investment