The annual report meets expectations, the quarterly reports show good performance, and the industry recovers.
Chen Sheng Fan, Zhou Yiu, quarterly report revenue of 9.38 billion yuan, i.e. 79 per cent of the year; net profit return to the mother is 750 million yuan, i.e. + 727 per cent of the year;
The net profit, excluding the parent, was $70 million, i.e. +389 per cent. Performance met expectations, benefiting from industrial warming Sub-operations, concrete machinery, excavator machinery, crane machinery, stench machinery, surface machines
Su, company excavating machinery, concrete machinery, crane machinery, stump machinery all showed significant growth, with company sales earnings of $12.06 billion in the second half of the year +24.7 per cent, of which q3 and profit levels rose and three cost rates remained stable.
In 2016, the combined Māori rate was 26.2%, compared to +1.1pc, and was influenced by sales growth and cost control, resulting in higher levels of profitability for the main products.
The improvement in operating cash flows is evident, with a good control of receivables of billions, or 77 per cent of total receipts, equivalent to the end of 2016. In 2017, q1 accounts receivable amounted to $18.4 billion, while q1 income increased by 2.6 billion over the first quarter of q4 in 2016.
First, we believe that the three main factors of renewal, infrastructure and the way forward will make the industry more resilient, and secondly, that the industry has increased its concentration through marketization over the past few years, and we believe that future concentration will continue to increase rapidly, especially in the case of the dredgers, which will replicate cranes and condensations.
Oligopolistic patterns of earth machinery: Company assessment: accelerated disposal of assets to remove barriers to transformation Third, from a profit perspective, benefits from increasing self-sufficiency of core parts and assets
Optimization, continued improvement in cash flows, and the ability of companies to recover from profits will be the most profitable company in the industry: $800 million in employee holdings, up to a maximum of 2,800, and fourth, we think that companies are one of the most competitive firms in the engineering and machinery industry around the world.
Company review: Full-source subsidiaries have obtained weapons-equipment scientific production. Concrete machines are now the world's number one, and excavators are expected to be the world's number one in three years. And public licences: a total investment of $6 billion in the Trinity Project.
The Division will be one of the equipment companies that will benefit most from the country’s strategy along the way. Fifth, the military and fire truck operations brought about by the company’s core technology are expected to bring in new industries.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board