Three heavy jobs: Deepening Civil-Military Integration to Create New Opportunities for Development Three heavy jobs (600031.ch/RMB7.47, with no rating) to issue an announcement and full capital subsidiary 3-1.
Since 2015, the company has continued to develop new growth points in the military-industrial field. The company has been working with a number of military-industrial units to develop new products, has been licensed to produce weapons-equipment research and research, and now has its first military product delivered perfectly. In the future, the company is expected to continue to develop new products to meet the dual-use market.
The company, as the absolute leader of the engineering and machinery industry, will take the lead in the recovery of the beneficiary industries, the “one-way” policy, and the good integration policy.
On May 20, the company achieved its first military delivery and successfully handed over its own-developed first anchored vehicle to a base of the Chinese Space Industries Group. The equipment had a number of core proprietary technologies, filling the country’s borders.
Weekly Journal of the Mechanical Industry: Continued high growth in the sales of excavators, up-to-date investment in panel & semiconductor and promising return to growth on track
For the last three years, the company has continued to be deployed in the military: for 15 years, the company has worked with the National Defence Section to develop military-industrial products.
In February 16, a licence was officially obtained for the production of weapons-equipment scientific research, which, in September of the same year, worked with companies such as Paulie to open up channels for research and development, production and marketing; 17 years of perfect delivery of the first military shipment; and last week, the framework for a cooperation agreement with China Ship 705. The next step is that the company is expected to continue to develop new products and meet the dual-use market.
Preliminary results have been achieved in the field of military engineering, where engineering machinery is the main industry, where military industry, residential industrialization, industrial networking are the new growth point
Downstream demand rebounds and needs are renewed, and the main engineering and machinery industry has improved significantly at its highest value. The engineering and machinery industry has since slipped for five years, as a result of the global macroeconomic slowdown.
The demand for new machines has fallen short of demand, and the incremental demand for engineering machinery has been stimulated by a combination of newer demand in the downstream capital build-up, superimposed on the stock market. From January-May sales of excavators, the recovery has continued.
After a high and low year in 2017, high growth is expected throughout the year. Business revenue fell by 0.81 per cent in 2016, and net profit returns to mothers by $200 million, an increase of 4,001 per cent in the same year. Operating income by $9,377 million in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 79 per cent in the same year, and net profits by $746 million, an increase of 77 per cent in the same year.
The announcement stated that business income was 27.8 billion yuan for the year, a 19.3% increase in the same year, and that we were operating from January to May.
Active upgrading of used equipment and reactive mechanical upgrading resulting from upgrading of national environmental emission standards; 2. “One-way” and large-scale infrastructure, expected to be concentrated after June, to further stimulate demand.
Higher; 3. The company attaches great importance to measures aimed at achieving an annual sales scale of 2 to 3 billion dollars per year, with city share reaching the second and third summation, and an annual increase of 2 per cent. Ministry of cranes and machinery: 50 per cent of domestic and external market sales are expected to be in vehicle cranes and tracked
The main reasons for growth are: 1. The large-scale construction of the domestic urban track subway, with a constant increase in the demand for 50-300t cranes; 2. The high rate of company cranes in the field of wind power/nuclear power new energy generation, with wind-power cranes being branded first; and 3. Environmental requirements to increase the relocation of companies promoting heavy pollution, stimulating cars.
Demand for cranes has increased. 4. Foreign markets have continued to expand, with growth projected at more than 50% throughout the year, and are now mainly exported to the Middle East and South-East Asia, with new developments in Indian and African markets.
With innovation and internationalization, companies cover more than 150 countries and regions around the world, accounting for more than 40% of overseas operations in 2016. Overseas industrial parks and distribution channels have a 80% overlap with countries along the "one-way" route and are far ahead of the industry.
In recent years, the size of companies’ exports has been industry-led, with overseas sales running by over 10 billion, 70% of which have come from countries along the “one-way” route. By 2022, companies are expected to achieve $10 billion in overseas sales.
The engineering and machinery industry has begun the recovery path, and data for January-May show that the company’s 17-year high performance has come to an end, and we believe that the recovery will continue. As the firm’s absolute leader in the industry, the rate will be the return of the beneficiary industries, the “one-way” policy, and the policy of civil-military integration.