3rd heavy worker (600031.sh) evaluation report 3rd heavy worker: 70th heavy worker holding hands, "The People's Army" 27th June 2017
In the future, we'll work with the heavy ship crew on the 75th strategy, and we'll go into the equipment industry.
The Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement was signed by the two sides in Changsha in writing during the Hunan Deep Civil-Military Integration Development Advancement Conference, which entered into force on 16 June with the stamp of the two sides. It was agreed that the two sides would be in special military, civil-military and land-use amphibious clothing.
To develop and develop new products, new technologies, etc., and to industrialization. Seventy-five heavy boats are our responsibility. They are the leader of domestic engineering.
Market status and advantages, in particular, could facilitate the entry of trio workers from traditional concrete machinery, excavators, etc., into the water-equipment industry and the opening of new profit centres. “Civil-military integration” is gaining ground and military-industrial operations are expected to enter the harvest period.
Three-in-one has been in the field of military-industrial equipment since 2015, with the signing of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement on the Joint Development of Unmanned Equipment by the Defence Science and Technology University.
In September of that year, Trinity signed an investment cooperation agreement with Polytechnic, China-China, to co-finance a joint venture for the design of new equipment, research and development and manufacturing and marketing services. In March 2017, Trinity invested the original plan in “Brazilian Industrial Parks”
The fund-raising for the project (phase I) changed to “Project 512” for the military industry, and this 31-75 cooperation will give further impetus to the implementation of the Trinity Military Strategy and promote diversification of the company's operations.
At the macro level, real estate investment increased 7.4 per cent in May, the first decline since 2017. At the same time, capital investment increased by 13.1 per cent, less than expected.
Three sales of 2,261, or 20% of the city, continue to be ranked first. Previously, we decided that because of the current core parts pump valves and the insufficient capacity of suppliers such as tanks, spare parts suppliers would give priority to front-line customers in cases of “shortage” and that the lead producers would be concentrated.
Corporate depth: Three-in-one jobs: the country’s heavyweights, and the region continues to rise. Sales are expected to fall in the second half of the year, but industry maintains a strong and consistent pattern.
Since the third quarter of 2016, there has been a marked recovery in the mechanical sector, with a significant increase in orders leading to a significant improvement in the corporate capital and liabilities schedule, a significant recovery in profits, and an appreciation of profits to the industry: annual reports meet expectations, and quarterly performance.
The trend towards concentration is clear. A share has recently joined msci, with a global competitive flagship valuation premium, the trend has accelerated, and the mechanical industry has moved from a competitive pattern of industry, global competitiveness, profitability, management of corporate ratings: accelerated disposal of assets as a transformational challenge.
Three-time jobs are undoubtedly one of the best mechanical companies. The company’s net profits are expected to be 20.2 in 2017/18/19.
Industry depth: "How is it going to benefit China?" With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. already has a portfolio investment advisory.