Three heavy jobs (600031) Annual Report 2016 and a 17-year-year-a-quarterly review of performance increase on a quarterly basis and new business prospects are high: three heavy workers publish 16-year-a-year reports and one-year-a-year reports in 17-year-a-year reports, yielding $23.28 billion in 2016.
A slight decline of 0.81 per cent in the same year; a net return of $310 million, a year-round return of eps.03 million, distributions, a steady recovery in domestic and foreign economic activity that has been evident since the beginning of the year, influenced by an increase in capital investment and an increase in the implementation rate of the ppp project, the upgrading of equipment and the return of market demand in the engineering and machinery industry
The overall profit level of the industry has risen steadily. From the third quarter of 16 years to the first quarter of 17 years, the trend is described above. By sub-products, the rate of recovery of excavators and piles of machinery has increased faster than the same rate as on April 27, 2017.
The rate of increase was 22.10 per cent and 137.7 per cent, respectively, with a small drop of 9.27 per cent in concrete machinery, which accounted for the largest share (43.7 per cent), but we believe that, as the normal construction site moves in, the need for concrete equipment will be released gradually with the excavator, so that in 17 years 2-3 quarters the company
Roe(ttm) “Average-a-way” promotes the movement of corporate products: the firm is determined to promote internationalization, deep-ploughing markets along the “Way-a-way” route, generating $9.286 billion in international sales over 16 years, taking over the total.
Nearly 40%, the leading industry. Over the same period, the quality of corporate operations continued to improve in major regions abroad, with rapid growth in India, Europe, South Africa, and the Middle East, and the public sector is expected to expand its overseas outreach path even further.
Military, fire and environmental equipment operations are progressing rapidly and are expected to provide new performance growth points for companies: During the reporting period, the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Trinity Motors Manufacturing Ltd., obtained a weapons-equipment scientific production licence, together with Paulie Science and Technology Defence Investment Ltd., and the company ' s full-fledged subsidiary, Trinity Manufacturing Ltd., in February 2016.
On the other hand, in April 2016, the company acquired the qualifications for the production of fire trucks.
In addition, companies respond to the trend of smart cities, build the Internet and intelligent products, develop and produce smart dirt vehicles with the country’s leading environmental conservation capabilities, and have the capacity to produce and sell in bulk.
We believe that the company’s new business is synergizing with the existing engineering and machinery business, with broad prospects for development, and is expected to provide a new profit growth point for the company. Performance continues to be robust, maintaining a “carefully recommended” rating: keeping track of corporate smart equipment.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommendations and ratings are given a base risk rating according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.