The sales of excavators accelerated in April: 3x1 were maintained, and the sales of Chinese excavators increased from 56% in March to 96% in April 2017, while sales of 54.864 in the first four months of the year increased by 98% in April.
The robust acceleration performance is in line with our projections that the low comparative base will drive the increase in April over the previous year, which was higher than in March (the “national iiii”) before the official implementation of the emission standards, pushing up the March 2016 surge. We believe that the strong April excavator sales data should ease some investors' response to China in April.
A concern that overall economic activity seems to be slowing down (because the average manufacturing pmi and import/export acceleration figures for April are about 46%, and the sales of about 55,000 excavators in the first four months of this year indicate that we are making good progress on the forecast for the sale of 91,000 units throughout the year. We believe that the preliminary figures for April illustrate the following two points:
Market concentration has increased: the combined market share of the three major excavators from the beginning of the year to the present is 45.2 per cent, an increase of 3.5 percentage points from 2016. Three-timers are still ahead of 22 per cent of the market share, with Carter Pellell and Xu Xu Xu ranking two-thirds, respectively.
This underpins our optimism about the sales of excavators in 2017. The 3-to-1 worker who is strongly on the list is still our industry’s preferred share, based on v/gcivs.
Real estate fixed-asset investments are growing slower than expected; market shares are growing slower than expected; and cost controls are weaker than expected.
The investment summaries evaluate the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the Unit within the research industry in the region.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the following three dimensions: cash returns on cash investments, industry status, and management levels (corporate governance).
(a) Industry, China.a Industry, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Indonesia, Aston, Liu, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, Japan, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
China Industry: China Toto (h), China Mechanical Engineering, China Iron Construction (h), China Iron (h), China Tong, China Construction International, China China Chinese Car (h), Haitian International, Yongq hour, Yongheng, Zhangzhou Electric and China Joint Heavy Section (h).
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on trio (rmb 6.88) corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Furthermore, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy-in or sell-out list with an overall potential return scale; suspension of ratings (rs): we have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports.
Targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we have not conducted research on the company. No or no research. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.