Annual Report 2023: Sustained steady performance growth, downstream research assistant Gauzheng-tae
In particular, in the three main business sections of the Department, air engine and derivatives generated 40,893 million dollars in revenue.
Foreign trade sub-contracting operations generated revenues of 1.948 billion yuan, an increase of 18.04 per cent over the same period, mainly in export orders; non-aerial products and other operations generated revenues of 262 million yuan, a decrease of 16.90 per cent over the same period.
The company's Aerial Engine Repair Capacity Building Project was officially completed. The project has effectively upgraded the company's air engine repair tools and capabilities, and has resulted in a relatively independent, complete vortex engine major sub-repair, with new vortex engine repair capabilities and effective enhancement of the company.
The capacity of the integrated aviation engine security service can be good for the development of the country's aviation engine industry. The strategic need for domestic aviation engine flagship services continues to benefit from the increased demand from both the civil and military sectors and the transformation of national production: the air engine represents the high-end level of the national manufacturing industry and is a catalyst for the implementation of weapons.
The company is the only industry in the country that can develop a full spectrum of military aviation engines, such as vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston, etc., as well as supporting civilian helicopters for the production of large commercial aircraft.
On the subject of military goods, we are currently evaluating: profitability is sustainable, and downstream markets are sustainable.
There is still a wide gap between the number of active aircraft and the US and Russia, and the increase in defence forces requires a sustained increase in the size of the new aircraft. On the civilian side, the orders for the continued harvest of large-scale c919 aircraft, the low-altitude civilian aircraft, the booming fleet, and the continuous release of aviation power requirements.
It's a necessary requirement to maintain national security and solve the problem of “cricket”, driving the company downstream.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's performance is as expected, and given the high level of water consumption in aviation engines and the company's central position in the industry, and based on the pace of equipment use, we limit the risks; 4) the risks of technological innovation competitiveness.
Three major financial forecasts of the driving forces of navigation: Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.