Silver Thai resources (000975) Gold mine asset release performance, corporate transformation progressing steadily
Silver-Thai Resources released its semi-annual report for 2018, in which it achieved operating income of 2,096 million yuan, a 158.71 per cent increase over the reporting period; and a net return profit of 273 million yuan, an increase of 157.42 per cent over the same period (of which 20182 achieved a net return of new gold assets and the company's performance followed by the next city).
The merger in Shanghai during the reporting period, coupled with a significant increase in trade revenue from Silver Tae Sung-hong, led to a significant increase in corporate revenue; in addition, it benefited from two active gold-producing mines, Locke and Jilin Temple, under the flag of the Black River.
The net profits of the company have also increased across the board. The Black River Rockstone gold mine under the company’s flag is one of the highest gold deposits currently detected in the country (the average intake is as high as 16 g/t), together with two other gold mines.
The Unit continues to contribute a very high return on profits to the company as compared to the 300-degree trend. Technology changes are going well to expand the scope for company growth.
\triangleright At the end of the present report, the company ' s rehabilitation works on the Yulong mine were carried forward as planned, all wells (including 3 new and 2 modified) were closed and the main rig-related works were expected to be completed by the end of 2018 and completed in the second half of 2019
In addition, the company Qinghai Qinghai gold mine stopped mining in 2017 as a result of the exploitation of the open-cut underground, and was expected to resume production in the first half of 2019. The company’s development space will also be expanded with the arrival of related projects.
The price of gold or a bottom rebound, lead and zinc are expected to remain in mid-to-high range \triangleright with current dollar-rich factors (United States economic growth, Fed incremental interest increases, etc.) being more fully reflected, with global access
In recent months, the ten-year rate of return on the United States national debt and its actual release or decline has remained high, with downstream demand or gradual warming after trade frictions have subsided, and prices will remain medium-high.
Taking into account the infusion of high-quality gold assets and the steady advancement of mining technology projects, research assistant Sun Woo-sun provides a strong boost to corporate performance
Metal prices have fallen significantly, mining projects have not advanced as expected, and mineral prices have fallen above expectations.
2. Silver-Thai Resources (000975), company assessment: mining licences, further performance projections for the company ' s financial statements
In July 2011, he joined the private sector in the area of energy, including coal, electricity, gas, and environmental protection. He is currently the head of the energy cycle group. Liu Munjing, head of the non-ferrous metal direction, worked in Anteco in 2012, with six years of research experience in the basic metals industry and in 2017.
Sun Woo-Sun, Master of Engineering, Beijing University, joined the civil securities in 2017 for non-ferrous metal industry and company research. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and that, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.