China Nuclear Power (601985) Research report Nuclear Power Lead Enterprise, Nuclear Power Full Performance Time - China Nuclear Power (601985) In-depth report
The nuclear power industry has recovered and the pace of approval and delivery has accelerated, and for the third consecutive year since the approval of the reboot of nuclear power in 2019, the number of approved units has exceeded double digits and the industry has entered a period of rapid development.
For the first time in the world, by 2035, our share of nuclear power generation will reach 10 per cent of total electricity generation, a share of the circulation unit (millions): the importance of nuclear power in our energy structure will increase further. The company has approved 11 machines in the last three years.
a Total equity (millions): group, the coastal nuclear power base project is currently being planned and has entered dozens of planned sites that will circulate market value (millions):
The power plant, which has a total installed capacity of 101.29 million kilowatts, is expected to reach its peak in 2027, and the nuclear power unit is operating efficiently, with a steady increase in the volume of marketed power.
Wa, operational safety and reliability are high, with the number of fully wano extension units increased to 20 in the first half of the year. The combined increase in nuclear power access in 2019-2023 was 8.26 per cent, the average number of hours used to stabilize the rapid development of new energy operations in the last three years, and the strategic and emerging industries steadily advanced.
"Study by the Société générale d'éducation - China Nuclear Power (601985) 2024 Quarterly, by acquiring nuclear transfer energy, the company speeds up the deployment of new energy sources, forming a two-wheel drive for "nuclear power plus new energy"
The average annual compound growth rate of corporate wind power and photovoltaic operations in 2019-2023 was 36 million kilowatts, more than 130 new energy projects were under construction, and “zero” breakthroughs were achieved by new energy sources overseas, accounting for 9.24 per cent and 6.67 per cent, respectively.
The company’s strategic and emerging industries have steadily advanced, with the Qinsan nuclear power commercial carbon-14 producing large quantities of domestically produced chemosynthetic and biological products, and the production of carbon-14 isotopes around 150 miles per year is expected to meet domestic market demand. Nuclear power has played an indispensable role in achieving the double carbon goal and the clean energy transition, which has been in three consecutive years.
Nuclear power recovery is strong, with nuclear power being approved in excess of two digits a year, and the company will be approaching the unit in the next few years with the risk of price fluctuations in the nuclear power market, the risk of nuclear power unit operating, and the project not moving as much as expected.
1. The world-class performance of nuclear power, with wind power and photovoltaic development having been successful, and the deep-collar synergy of the entire industrial chain among the shareholders of 1.1 Holdings, the excellent performance of nuclear power in China has been highlighted by China Nuclear Industries Group Ltd., which is limited in joining the Chinese Yangtze San Gorge Group as the controlling shareholder.
The company, China Ocean Shipping Group Ltd. and Space Investment Holdings Ltd. were co-financed and listed on 10 June 2015. The company invested in the Qin Shan nuclear power, Jiangsu nuclear power, Fo Qing nuclear power, Hainan nuclear power, three nuclear power units, Xiangzhou energy, Liaoning nuclear power station, etc.
Renewable energy development, such as volts, has been entrusted with the construction of a nuclear power base in Hapoura. The company owns the country’s most abundant nuclear power in construction and operation, including cp300, cp600, cp1000, vver1000, vver-1200, pap1000, cap1000, Hualong I, and heavy water reactors, including candu-6.
Figure 1: Corporate development history. 3.94% of shareholders in the Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd., which is owned directly by the State Finance Committee of the State Council, are the nuclear group, which is the backbone of the national nuclear technology industry and which promotes the development and use of nuclear energy, nuclear engineering and nuclear technology applications.
National teams and major forces have complete systems of nuclear science and technology industry. The State has authorized nuclear groups to specialize in the production, export and import of nuclear fuel and uranium products, and the Chinese nuclear group is the only very large central enterprise with a complete nuclear fuel cycle industry capable of achieving a closed cycle.
With years of technological accumulation, the Group is in the lead in the development of nuclear power technology, which is part of the chain of nuclear industry in the China Nuclear Group, and the China Nuclear Group ' s full-chain advantage can be strongly supported by companies as a strong back-up to the company ' s continued development. The company is effectively locked in through long-term agreements with the China Nuclear Group ' s fuel procurement and assembly processing companies.
The nuclear power plants in operation/under construction/approved for start-up are mainly located in Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Fujian, Hainan, Liaoning, and the nuclear electronics companies involved include Qinshan Nuclear Power Company Limited (Qinshan I), Qinsan Nuclear Power Company Limited (Qinsan II).
Nuclear), Qinshan Third Nuclear Power Company Limited (Qinsan III), San Nuclear Power Company Limited (three nuclear power companies), China Nuclear Energy and Energy Company Ltd. (Chinese nuclear energy companies), Jiangsu Nuclear Power Company Ltd. (Tane Bay nuclear power plant), China Nuclear Power Limited (China nuclear energy and nuclear power limitations division (China nuclear energy), Fujian Chuen Nuclear Power Company Limited (Fuku Qing nuclear power company), China Nuclear Power Agency Ltd. (China nuclear power company)
State Energy, Hainan Nuclear Power Company, China Nuclear Power Company, China Nuclear Power Company, Liaoning Nuclear Power Company, Inc. In addition, new energy operations such as wind power, photovoltaic, etc., are being run by China Nuclear Exchange Company, Ltd. The company is actively developing three major industries: nuclear power, non-nuclear clean energy, and strategic and emerging industries.
Nuclear energy progresses steadily: as of the first half of 2024, 20 units in the air fleet had reached full mark on the wano composite index, and the target of 15 aircraft under construction, the "six main controls", could be controlled: non-nuclear clean energy development was on the rise: 36 million kilowatts were being delivered, more than 130 new energy projects were under construction, and new energy projects abroad were being built.
The current “zero” breakthrough; a steady advance in strategic and emerging industries: China-China PV officially launched a commercial commodity-grade mine product, Qinsan commercial carbon-14 was produced in large quantities, and as of 30 September 2024, the company held 25 nuclear power units with an installed capacity of 23,75 million kW;
Controlled nuclear power is being built and approved for 18 units with a capacity of 2,064.1 million kW and a combined capacity of 4,439,100 kW. The company controlled non-nuclear clean energy at a capacity of 24.14.7 million kW, including wind. The company plans to run an installed capacity of 56 million kW by 2025, and nuclear power is in the process of being installed.
To maintain the nation ' s first, the multi-use use of nuclear energy opened up a new situation, with the production of nuclear power technologies doubling, non-nuclear clean energy becoming a 10 billion class industry and a breakthrough in the agile clean technology industry.
Between 2019 and 2023, corporate business income grew by 12.94 per cent annually on an average annual compound annual basis, and net profit returns to mothers increased by a double-digit increase in the planned value of the plan; operating performance continued to lead the world and electricity on the Internet reached a record high. 74957 million yuan a year-long growth of 5.15 per cent a year: a total profit of 22,981 million yuan a year-on-year increase.
RMB 89.34 billion, or 4.22 per cent less in the same year. On a quarterly basis, the operating income of 2024q1 was RMB 17,988 million, a decline in the ratio of nuclear power to that of the same year, and a steady increase in the ratio of photovoltaic and wind power.Māori has the highest share, but has declined in recent years, with a rapid increase in the ratio of photovoltaic and wind power.
The share of other operations has also increased slightly over the last three years. From 2019 to 2023, the company’s nuclear power, photovoltaics, wind power, and other operations, figure 10: the cost side of the company’s R & D costs (in millions of yuan, per cent) in recent years, the overall downward trend in the company’s lifetime rates and the higher financial and administrative costs.
In the first three quarters, the R&D cost rate, the management cost rate, the sales cost rate and the financial cost rate were 1.33 per cent respectively (the same-year reduction in financial costs was mainly due to the impact of cost management of funds such as high-interest debt swaps, which resulted in lower interest rates on a year-on-year basis and exchange rate fluctuations). In 2023, in the first three quarters of 2024, corporate R&D costs were 1.384 billion yuan and 756 million yuan respectively.
In terms of operating capacity, since 2019, the company's inventory turnover has been around 230 days and the accounts receivable turnover days have not exceeded 30 per cent of the company's total equity before issuance, i.e. not more than 5,664,985,460 shares (including this amount).
The China Nuclear Group proposes to subscribe to $2 billion, with 240,096,038 shares; the Social Security Foundation proposes to subscribe to $12 billion, with 1,440,576,230 shares. The Social Security Foundation participates in the subscription as a strategic investor and shareholder, which strongly supports the company’s long-term growth.
The project involves the construction of two nationally produced cap1,000 units with a capacity of 125 million kilowatts, with a total installed capacity of 2.5 million kilowatts and a planned life span of 60 years.
Project for Unit 3 and 4 of the Liaoning Xu Fort nuclear power station: the project is located in the city of Jinxi Island, Liaoning province. This project is currently under way in thousands of kilowatts. The period of construction of the single unit is about 65 months. The unit of the “Wallon One” voltage reactor, with a capacity of 1.2 million kilowatts, has a total installed capacity of 2.4 million kilowatts.
The project is an extension of the nuclear power plant in Jiangsuda Bay, located in the Yunchang region of the city of Lienzhou, Jiangsu Province, and the construction of two units of aes-2006-type voltage reactors with a capacity of 1265,000 kW.
The total installed capacity is 2.53 million kilowatts. The build-up of a single unit is about 65 months old. 2. Nuclear power is recovering strongly, with historic development opportunities of 2.1 double carbon and clean energy transformations, and nuclear power plays an indispensable role.
Energy is the main battleground for carbon peaks, carbon-neutrality. China’s central government and the State Council’s Opinion on Comprehensive Advancement of Beautiful China’s Construction clearly set out to strive to reach carbon peaks by 2030, and to lay the foundation for efforts to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.
The promotion of non-fossil energy and the acceleration of the construction of new power systems will require a further increase in the share of non-fossil energy by 2035. Nuclear power has three main advantages: environmental, economic, and efficient; and it can play an indispensable role in achieving the double-carbon goal and the transformation of clean energy.
Environmentally friendly: Nuclear power plants do not pollute air or directly emit sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, greenhouse gases, and their indirect CO2 emissions are only 21 g/kWh, the lowest of the six main power generation methods. Economic: investments are equal per unit compared to wind power, photovoltaic, but nuclear power operates in a high number of hours per year.
According to a United Nations OECD study, the cost of nuclear power generation in Europe is 0.5.3 per cent for photovoltaic power generation, 1.1.8 per cent for wind power generation; in China, the cost of nuclear power generation is 1/4.7 per cent for photovoltaic power generation and 1.2.1 per cent for wind power generation. Efficiency: 1,000 grams of standard coal, 12 kWh for mineral oil and 24 MW for uranium production, respectively
With the energy transition, countries around the world have focused on nuclear power development. More than 70 countries (energy-related greenhouse gas emissions account for three quarters of the world) have pledged to reduce emissions to zero.
Clean energy for fossil fuels has been favoured by many countries around the world, with national policies emerging, and my country has proposed the 14th Five-Year Plan for a Modern Energy System, which clearly proposes to accelerate the green, low-carbon energy transformation, with nuclear power running capacity of about 70 million kilowatts by 2025.
With regard to nuclear power consumption policy, in 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission, together with the National Energy Agency, issued the Interim Measures to Secure the Safe Consumption of Nuclear Power, which provide for the prioritization of nuclear power generation and, in the case of external power, encourage the promotion of such consumption through market-based means as direct trade in electricity. In 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the Interim Measures for the Full Liberalization of Operations.
Since 2021, the State has issued a policy to promote clean energy consumption, and nuclear power, as the only clean alternative to fossil fuels, will be sufficient.
2.2 The approved fleet remains high for the third year in a row, and the nuclear power-building process is accelerating again. According to the International Atomic Energy Agency, as of November 2024, the country is the third largest nuclear power carrier in the world.
On 21 January, 32 countries and regions of the world carried a total of 415 nuclear power units with a capacity of 373.74gw, of which the United States was carrying 94 nuclear power plants with a capacity of 96.95gw; France was carrying 56 nuclear power units with a capacity of 61.37gw; China was transporting 56 nuclear power units with a capacity of 54.15gw; and Russia was transporting 36 nuclear power units with a capacity of 26.80gw.
Table 6: Overview of China ' s nuclear power stations (up to 2024.11)
66.1gw. India, Turkey, with seven nuclear power plants and four nuclear power plants with a capacity of 5.4gw and 4.5gw; according to the size of the stacks, with a capacity of 53.2gw, 1.9gw, 2.7gw and 2.1gw, respectively, with a capacity of 53.2gw, 1.9gw, 2.7gw and 2.1gw, respectively, are still in the mainstream worldwide.
In addition to the Xiaura fast and national and demonstration piles), the overall size continues to be the highest in the world, with two fast neutron piles and the rest being pressurized water piles.
After the Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan in 2011, China temporarily suspended approval for new nuclear power projects, and in 2019, China re-opened its nuclear power approval, 2019-2023.
During the year, we approved six nuclear units, four units, five units, 10 units, 10 units, and 10 units, respectively, with an overall momentum for a very secure and orderly development. Six units were approved in July 2023, and four more in December, the same number as in 2022, with the highest number in more than a decade.
In 2024, five nuclear power projects were approved by the regular government, including the China-Nu River Su Xu Xu, the Central-China-Nu-Nu Guangdong, the Shandong-Tung, the Zhejiang-O2 and the National Power-in-Change-Si-Chi-Chi-Chi-Long I projects.
A total of 11 units. Five nuclear power projects have invested more than $240 billion, with a ratio of 10 per cent per project, promoting private capital participation. In recent three years, four major groups have approved the fleet, with China and China occupying the first fleet, with 11 and 12 units, respectively, followed by the national power supply (6 units) and China energy (2 units).
In terms of nuclear power generation, there is still much room for development. In 2023, the share of nuclear power generation in total electricity generation was 66.3 per cent, while the share of nuclear power generation was only 4.6 per cent, which is still low compared to major nuclear power countries such as France (64.8 per cent), Korea (30.7 per cent), the United States (18.5 per cent) and Canada (13.7 per cent).
In January-November of the year, the cumulative value of nuclear power generation in the country was 40,522 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 1.85 per cent over the same year.
Barriers to entry in the nuclear power sector include four major barriers: administrative, technical, human, and financial. For example, only four companies formerly have nuclear power operating license plates in China, namely, China Nuclear Industries Group, China Guangning Group, National Power Investment Group, and China China China China China Energy Group.
China Nuclear Group and China ' s Hiroshima, but in recent years China ' s power supply has also started to have small-scale installed capacity. In 2024, four major groups were operating in the fleet and capacity of the Chinese Nuclear Group: 25, 2375 thousand kilowatts; China ' s nuclear power plant: 28, 317.5 million kilowatts; China ' s electricity supply: 2 2.5 million kilowatts; and China China China ' s energy: 1,21 million kilowatts.
The nuclear power grids of the five major power-generating groups, China’s China Daitang, China’s China China Power and China’s National Energy Group, are also permeating in the field of nuclear power, with some nuclear power projects or installed power through the participation model. The power of the next five power-generating groups will bring new variables and new dynamic energy.
Figure 22: Changes in the fleet of four major groups in the last decade. Figure 23: Changes in the capacity of four major groups in the last decade (thousands of kilowatts)
It is hoped that the United States will be the world’s number one and more important in the world’s nuclear power industry. The combined results of the research of a number of institutions are expected to increase the importance of nuclear power in our energy structure by 10% of total electricity generation by 2035, up from a doubling of that in 2022.
3. The company ' s nuclear power unit was operating efficiently and in 2027 it reached its peak of 3.1 loading capacity: in 2027 it reached its peak of delivery.
(b) Three nuclear power units with a capacity of 250.0 million kilowatts; Jiangsu area: six nuclear power units with a capacity of 6.6.08 million kilowatts; Fujian area: six nuclear power units with a capacity of 6.67 million kilowatts; Hainan region: six nuclear power units with a capacity of 6.60.8 million kilowatts;
In March 2020, the Zhejiang Supervisory Office of the National Energy Authority officially issued a request for new electricity to Qinsan nuclear power.
With regard to the build-up, as of 30 November 2024, the company held 13 nuclear power units with capacity.
151.35,000 kilowatts, of which: Liaoning Region: Unit 1, 2, 3 and 4 at capacity of 513,000 kilowatts; Jiangsu Region: Unit 7 and Unit 8 at capacity of 253,000,000 kilowatts; Region of Zhejiang: Unit 3 and Unit 4 at capacity of 2.52,000 kilowatts; Region of Fujian: Unit 1, 2, 3 and 4 at capacity
In 2024, Unit 3, Unit Xu Da Fort 2 and Unit 4, Unit 4, Unit 4, Unit 4, Unit 4, Unit 4, Unit 1, Unit 1, Unit 1, Unit 1, Unit 1, was successfully installed.
With regard to the approval of the aircraft fleet, the company has approved 18 fleets over the past five years, including the Hainan dump and the Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu, and, as of 30 November 2024, the company approved 5 units for the start-up of which will have a capacity of 5506,000 kW in the Zhejiang region, which will have a capacity of 243 000 kW; and the Jiangsu region, which will have a capacity of Xu Xiao Xi, 1 kW.
The company ' s coastal nuclear power base project is currently being planned with 37 planned sites, which are expected to facilitate the inclusion of 3-5 sites, which will guarantee the approval of 4-6 units per year.
Capacity factors reflect the effectiveness of nuclear power plants’ management in optimizing planned decommissioning activities and reducing unplanned energy losses. The load factors reflect the economic benefits of the long-term operation of the unit.
The purpose of the major repairs to the nuclear power plant is to complete fuel replacements, repairs, modifications, inspections and tests that cannot be performed during normal operations.
To ensure the safe, stable, reliable and economical operation of the fleet during the next operating cycle, the loss of more than 90 per cent of the total loss of electricity generated by the fleet is usually caused by major repairs.
Major repairs (medium major repairs) and 10 years of major repairs (growth repairs). According to the master plan and standard overhaul window plan, major repairs are planned for 30 days, five years of major repairs for 35 days, 10 years of major repairs for 45 days, actual major repairs will be optimized according to the scope of specific major repairs, six years of major repairs for “short short short and short”.
Qinshan 2 has achieved excellent performance in major repairs. Unit 1 has a total of 37.52 days of major repairs, which has created a record of the best five years of major repairs in category B of the national nuclear power plant; Unit 4 has a maximum of 15.12 days of major repairs, creating a record of the best days of major repairs in nuclear power units in the country, with a global M310.
In 2023, the company completed 17 major repairs throughout the year (including 1 10 years of major repairs, 4 5 years of major repairs and 12 day-to-day repairs), with a cumulative 29.86 days ahead.
For example, 1.2 million kilowatt units, free of taxes, cost 0.365 yuan per hour, increased revenues from one day ' s advance delivery to $10.51 million, and one month ' s advance to $315.3 million. 3.3 Power use at integrated plants: the rate of power use at integrated units has declined in the last three years
Plant use is one of the most important technological and economic indicators of power plants, directly related to the economic efficiency of their operation. For example, the annual power generation of 180 billion kilowatt-hours saves 0.1 per cent, resulting in an annual cost saving of 65.7 million yuan based on a non-taxed electricity price of 0.365 million yuan per year.
The value of the difference between plant-wide power generation and on-line power generation is the ratio of plant-wide electricity use to plant-wide power generation.The overall rate of power use in the company ' s integrated plant showed a downward trend, with 6.43 per cent in 2021-2023; 6.75 per cent, 6.60 per cent and 6.70 per cent in Jiangsu province; and 6.70 per cent in Fujian province ' s integrated plant.
6.33 per cent, 6.24 per cent, 6.07 per cent, respectively: 7.40 per cent, 7.05 per cent and 7.09 per cent of the total power supply in Hainan Province; our continental nuclear power vendor has been operating for more than 30 years, and the pricing mechanism for nuclear power has been changed from “one plant” to “standard pole prices” and then to “approved prices plus market prices”.
The price model, whether individually or for a period of operation, has a support policy, both in terms of crew hours and in terms of internal rates of return, which has played a positive role in promoting nuclear power in the country. In 2013, the national price of Internet access for nuclear poles was approved at 0.43 yuan per kilowatt hour, and the national price of nuclear poles and coal-fired poles at the site.
In 2019, the coal-fired electricity pricing mechanism introduced a market-based pricing mechanism for “base price plus downwards” and was expected to be followed by a market-based pricing mechanism for coal-fired power generation.
To some extent, it affects the price of nuclear power on the Internet, or even the pricing mechanism, which is based on the price of the local coal-fired power pole, which is determined by the price range of not more than 10 per cent up and not more than 15 per cent down. In 2021, the price range for the coal-fired electricity market was changed to no more than 20 per cent up and down.
As our new cycle of electricity reform continues, the country will gradually build up a competitive, well-organized electricity market system, which will expand further in size. In January-December 2023, the country’s electricity trading centres organized cumulatively to complete 5667.94 billion kilowatts of electricity traded, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the same period.
The National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority (INEA) have issued guidelines for the construction of a unified national electricity market system. By 2025, the national unified electricity market system will have been set up: by 2030, the national unified electricity market system will have been largely in place.
The participation of nuclear power units in the electricity market has gradually increased, the volume of electricity in the market has increased, and the total amount of electricity traded on the market by companies has increased. The share of electricity traded on the market by companies in 2019-2023 was 33.71%, 37.06%, Zhejiang province: 2022, Qinshan I, three nuclear power units, Qin II, Qin San III, Fangjiayama Nuclear Power Year,
In the first half of 2024, 921.3 million kilowatt-hours of electricity traded on the market in Qinsan accounted for 37.28 per cent of the electricity generated online, and three of the other three units.
The amount of nuclear power traded on the market was 3,059 million kilowatt-hours, accounting for 32.59 per cent of the amount of electricity on the Internet, a significant increase from last year.
The real gains from the company’s increase in the market share of electricity in Zhejiang are limited. Jiangsu: In recent years, there has been an upward trend in the volume of electricity traded on the market by nuclear power units, according to the " Customs " issued by the Jiangsu Development and Reform Commission.
In 2025, the nuclear power unit belonging to Jiangsu's nuclear power plant traded around 30 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of which #1-2 units were no less than 10 billion kWh. One billion kWh, of which 9 billion kWh was projected to be traded through bilateral negotiations.
Hainan Province: In 2024, the trading program offered to promote the participation of nuclear power units in monthly transactions in due course, and since September, a portion of the nuclear power in Hainan has been involved in monthly transactions. In 2023, under pressure from the prevailing market prices, the company completed its annual electricity marketing, as planned, throughout the year.
The combined electricity price was 0.4193/kWh (including VAT), down from 2022 (0.4226/kWh), a decline of about 0.78%. The provinces of Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Fujian, Hainan, and Zhejiang and Jiangsu, respectively, showed that the price of electricity on the Internet exceeded the local price of coal-fired poles in 2023 (high, respectively).
0.94 per cent, 8.06 per cent), Fujian and Hainan provinces are below the local price of coal-fired poles (1.75 per cent, 3.72 per cent respectively). (1) The nuclear power industry has recovered and the pace of approval and delivery has accelerated.
The nuclear power plant is expected to be the world's number one on a larger scale than the United States, and by 2035 our nuclear power generation will have reached 10 per cent of the total, further increasing the importance of nuclear power in our energy structure. Over the past three years, the company has approved 11 units, and the coastal nuclear power base project is currently being planned.
In 2024-2027, the company planned to ship nine nuclear power units with a total capacity of 101.29 million kilowatts and an expected peak in 2027.
In 2019-2023, the combined growth rate of nuclear power on the Internet was 8.26 per cent, using a net return profit of 10,624 million yuan (+17.91 per cent in comparison) over the last three years. In the first three quarters of 2024, companies achieved business income (3), new energy businesses developed rapidly, and strategic new and emerging industries advanced steadily.
In the first half of 2024, non-nuclear clean-up energy development advanced to a new stage, with 36 million kilowatts in the pipeline and more than the number of new energy projects under construction.
130 new overseas energy projects have achieved a “zero” breakthrough, with a ratio of 9.24% and 6.67% of photovoltaic and wind power, respectively, demonstrating a strong potential for profitable growth. The company’s strategic and emerging industries have steadily advanced, with China’s PV officially rolling out commodity-grade mining products, and Qinsan’s commercial carbon-14 production is expected to produce large volumes of domestic production annually.
Production of carbon-14 isotopes in or around 150 houses to meet domestic market demand. We chose China's Hiroshima as a comparable company, and China’s Hiroshima main business included building, operating, and managing nuclear power plants, selling electricity from nuclear power plants, and organizing the development of nuclear power plant design and scientific research.
On that day, 28 nuclear power units and 16 nuclear power units in operation in China were approved for fcd and under construction (including 8 units under the authority of the company ' s controlling shareholders) with a capacity of 31,756 megawatts and 19.406 megawatts, respectively, totalling 51,162 megawatts, representing the total installed capacity of nuclear power units in operation and under construction throughout the country (including those approved for fcd)
45.00 per cent. In January-September 2024, China ' s nuclear power plant, which was managed with a total of 166,890 million kilowatt-hours, accounted for 54.09 per cent of the country ' s electricity grid.
In 2023, China’s nuclear power and China’s wide nuclear revenue, China’s nuclear power and China’s wide nuclear revenue, respectively, were 56,986 million yuan (years + 1.60 per cent) and 62,270 million yuan (figure 34: China’s nuclear power versus China’s wide nuclear Maori rate).
In terms of profitability, the average Māori rate for China ' s nuclear power and China ' s wide nuclear interest rate was 44.22 per cent for 2019-2023, and the average net asset rate for China ' s nuclear power and China ' s wide nuclear rate was 2019-2023, respectively.
We believe that nuclear power plays an indispensable role in achieving the double-carbon goal and the clean energy transition. For three consecutive years, we have approved more than two-digit nuclear power units. The nuclear power recovery trend is strong. China's nuclear power will be expected in the coming years to meet the risk of price fluctuations in the nuclear power market, the risk of nuclear power unit operating, and the risk of project failure.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts