Higher than expected performance in 2020, larger dividends or performance — higher than expected performance in 2020 by the Science and Technology High-Level Flight Bulletin Review — larger dividends or visibility
The company issued a fast-track report for 2020: 13.25 billion yuan, an increase of 29.23 per cent over the year, and 1.364 billion yuan in net return profits, an increase of 66.48 per cent over the year. 2020q4, the company raised 5,741 million dollars.
Dollars, 63.76 per cent more than year-on-year and $810 million more than year-on-year, or 81.68 per cent more than year-on-year. In our view, the company ' s net profit returns in 2020 grew far faster than the growth rate and exceeded market expectations.
In 2020, companies achieved a net cash flow of 2,271 million yuan, an increase of 48% over the previous year, which was the best ever. Either it reflected the company’s position in the industrial chain in markets such as education, politics, law, etc., and the ability of downstream customers to spend it; or it also benefited from a sustained increase in corporate-c-business and eco-business revenues.
Impact. In March 2021, the Ministry of Education issued the Standard for the Construction of Digital Schools in Higher Schools (Practical) with reference to the lowest/highest level of the year: making full use of information technology, especially smart technology, to enable higher education institutions to raise their children in information-based conditions.
The Code is compatible with the company’s product rationale for teaching solutions, or with the continuous increase in the information-based expenditure that drives the education sector, and the quality of the company’s operations for the long term. • The Medical Ai platform will be officially online and will benefit from opportunities for intelligent medical development
In March 2020, the Telemedicine platform was officially launched and launched 18 core products, focusing on building a system of intelligent medical services, and its four major applications, namely, dental electronic records, ultrasound assistants, cloud medicine, hardware, and microphones, have been introduced.
The core medical software market – aai+clinics, etc. – will reach 51.9%, and it is expected to exceed $7 billion in 2022. With eco-sustained upgrading of the company’s “data plus algorithm” competitive advantage, companies will benefit significantly from new opportunities in the intelligent medical industry.
• The net profit of 2021q1 is positive, management has sufficient confidence in corporate development to achieve a billion users, hundreds of billions of revenues, hundreds of billions of eco-fuels, and management has sufficient confidence over the next five years.
Corporate technology is a global leader, and data plus algorithms are closing up to reinforce the barriers to competition.