On 19 April, the company released its annual report for 2020 and its quarterly report for 2021. By 2020, it would have achieved the expectations of the previous performance report. The company would have earned 2,501 million yuan in operating revenue, a year-on-year increase.
The company's overall performance was good, 21q1 out of the epidemic, high income growth, and good performance compared to 19q1, and we think the company's prices are now in comparison to 300 deep.
• High growth in the core track in 2020, with commercial trends of scale showing a high rate of growth in the company ' s core track and overall development in terms of revenue splitting in 2020
Good. Let's take a look at the business development of several of the main core tracks: 1) The education track together generated $4,187 million, an increase of 67.59 per cent, of which $4,019 million, or 70.68 per cent, was generated by educational products and services.
2) Medical track income of 313 million yuan, an increase of 69.25 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and the general coverage of primary health-care facilities in Anhui Province by the assistant medical doctor in 2020, in Tibet, Inner Mongolia, Qinghai, Beijing and Beijing.
Xinjiang, Heilongjiang, Zhejiang, etc., have gradually begun to use the site, and now there are more than 30,000 primary health-care institutions in over 170 districts across the country, serving tens of thousands of basic medical practitioners. 3) The Open Platform has generated an income of 1.921 billion yuan, an increase of 66.42 per cent over the previous year.
Three hundred and sixty-six ai capabilities and programs are open to the public, bringing together more than 17,566,000 developers. The number of developers has grown by 56.79% over the year 2019, and continues to grow rapidly at a high base, reflecting the appeal and ecological build-up of open platforms.
(4) Smart hardware yields $873 million, an increase of 8.99 per cent over the same calibre. While the distribution of core hardware translators in 2020 was significantly affected by the epidemic, the public administration continued to heat up the distribution of audio pens, office books, etc., throughout the series of products in the context of the "ai+ Office" scene.
On the basis of this report, China Securities_Computer Industry_Insight Report _ led to an increase in total revenue for smart hardware.
New March 2020-08-10 Written translation, using simple word-and-word clean-out to achieve quick smartness dictation and English-language supplements 2. Huaan Securities_Computer Industry _ Periodic Review _
To help learn, we believe that we can hope to further advance the development of the smart hardware business, and we believe that 2020 is the first year of development for the age of artificial intelligence strategy 2.0, for each company.
Business as a Size 2020-10-27 Core Tracks are well developed and, in response to the impact of the new crown epidemic, education, medical care, open platforms, etc. 3.
It still maintains a high growth rate of over 50%, reflecting the trend towards a business of scale. In addition, it is expected that the company will be able to adapt its organizational structure in 2020, combining the political lawbg and the smart city bg, with the creation of a new one.
The smart city of bg. At the same time, independent operators in consumer bg are set up to create a operator, while smart services are more focused on the financial track. We believe that this whole set of business shifts into the core track, with a clearer development strategy.
• Business quality continues to improve, and cash flows have increased significantly, and companies also performed well in 2020 in terms of quality of business. In 2020, companies per capita Māori 5.78 pct, with more expensive R & D inputs, indirectly reflect an improvement in the quality of company operations.
The Division’s net cash flow in 2020 was 2,271 million yuan, an increase of 48.27 per cent. The net cash flow does not include some non-recurring gains, but rather reflects the company’s continuing operations. The large increase in cash flow is also proof of the improved quality of the company’s operations.
For generations, the company has moved from technology exploration in the previous period to a commercial size of an advantage track, and is expected to continue to improve its business quality in the future, thus releasing profit-end performance. The education business has been on the list, and the business model has gradually become operational.
Since this year, the company has placed several orders of hundreds of millions in the field of education. In January 2021, it awarded $688 million in smart education in the Golden Waters of Chengzhou City, 126 million in smart education on February 7, 2021, and the replicability of the business model has been validated and it is hoped that it will gradually move away from the Ensign.
The company is now running a 2g, 2b, and 2c commercial landing pattern on the education track. The regional 2b results of the curriculum solution show that, as of the end of December 2020, there were 34 provinces covered by smart classroom products, more than 30,000 schools, more than 850,000 service teachers, and more than 1.2 million service students.
More than 9 million lectures were given by teachers, more than 18 million were prepared, an average 56 per cent reduction in the time spent helping teachers prepare their classes, an average 45 per cent reduction in the time spent on re-engineering exercises and a 28 per cent increase in the efficiency of the classroom.
Intelligent and big data technology, analysis of each student’s daily studies, precision of weak knowledge points, with an average performance of 40 minutes, an average match rate of more than 75% and a problem resolution rate of more than 90%.
54 versions. Since its launch on July 22, Precision has helped students to find a total of 13,255 knowledge points and, through personalized learning and exercise, has resulted in a 74.9% rate of resolution of weak knowledge points, which has been recognized and loved by a wide range of consumers since the launch of the market, with a high rating of dsr by Skycats.
4.9+ The closed business model of 2g-2b-2c, with a 98% positive rating rate, with more than 89% of users per month insisting on the use of a flight machine, with higher overall satisfaction, is considered to be a continuous increase for companies beyond the education sector
Long-term dynamics are more likely to expand to other niches, such as medical care, thus creating new growth poles for companies. We therefore believe that relying on artificial intelligence technology, accumulation of data in the field of specialization, and the ability of the scene to land, is a promising business model for running down the various niches on a large scale.
The company is currently in phase 2.0 of its artificial intelligence strategy, which is gradually forming a closed ring of “data-arith-products” and is expected to move away from a project-based, custom-based business model to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c, with real-time artificial intelligence technology on a commercial scale. The company is expected to achieve business income in 2021/22/23.
1. The spread of the epidemic, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders, both domestic and foreign; 2) the insufficient level of government investment in areas such as education, health care, etc.; 3) the lack of recognition and dissemination of consumer products;
4. The firm’s preponderance has been reduced by increasing competition in the industry. Contacts: Shayuan, Applied Mathematics University, four years of financial experience, formerly employed in the self-employment and foreign portfolio research sector.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.