On 7 April, the company released the 2020 performance report and the 2021 first quarter performance forecast. Billions of dollars, an increase of 66.48 per cent over the same period, and net return profit of 810 million yuan in the first quarter of 2020q4
The company continued to grow well in 2020, under the influence of the epidemic and the international situation, and handed over a bright report card. The 2021q1 performance forecast continues to be a positive development, we believe.
For the company ' s annual performance report, Express and 2021q1, the performance forecast confirms that the company ' s artificial intelligence strategy ' s 2.0 dividend has come to an era when the company is expected to move forward with the previous one ' s exploration towards scaling up and replication, opening a new cycle of growth. The main highlights of the company ' s performance are as follows:
1) High growth at the income end, i.e. commercial landing: companies achieved a 29.23% growth in revenue in 2020 and 66.48% in the first quarter of 2020 q4, with an explosive increase in revenue. We think it is mainly the company that runs a 2g2b2c business model in the education track, smart education.
The solution is commercialized. In the future, this one-size-fits-all model is expected to re-engineer to health care and maintain high growth at the income end. 2) The profit end is gradually released and business efficiency is expected to improve continuously: the company ' s net return profit in 2020 is equal to that of the company.
This represents an increase of 66.48 per cent, a net return of 810 million yuan in the first quarter of 2020q4, a historical peak of 10.47 per cent in the single quarter of the company ' s net return profit, gradually reaching a large-scale value of 135 million yuan in 2017, and a historical high of q1 net profit.
With the introduction of artificial intelligence phase 2.0, the commercial size of the previous period to explore a niche track, per capita energy efficiency is expected to increase further, the net profitability of companies is expected to continue to improve, and business efficiency will continue to improve.
Cote d ' études de la Côte d ' Ivoire: one of the best cash flows in the history of the country: the company ' s new journey 2020-08-10.
The value of the net profit relative to the parent is 166.50%. Since the net cash flow of the business does not include investment returns, etc.
The impact of non-recurring events is thus more reflective of the company’s own business performance. We recognize that the “Waaan Securities_Computer Industry_Assessment Report” – achieving a high rate of growth in operating cash flows – reflects an improvement in the quality of the company’s operations from another side.
The Department ' s record of operating cash flows in 2020 provides ample financial security for the company ' s future development.
In January 2021, the company won $688 million in smart education projects in the city's Golden Waters, and again on February 7, 2021 it won the Lake River.
The region's 126 million smart education projects, the replication of the business model, are expected to move gradually from Angkor, and now the company's 2g, 2b, and 2c commercial landing patterns have been rolled out on the education track. The region's learning solutions have been shown to be effective, and by the end of December 2020, intelligent classroom products had been covered.
More than 30,000 schools in 34 provinces, more than 850,000 service teachers, more than 1.2 million service students, helped teachers to deliver more than 9 million classes, prepared more than 18 million classes, helped teachers to prepare an average of 56 per cent less hours, changed the course of work by an average of 45 per cent and improved classroom efficiency by 28 per cent.
Personalized learning manuals and machine products in the area of 2c are emerging. Personalized learning manuals are based on artificial intelligence and big data technology, analysis of each student's daily studies, precision and identification of weak knowledge points, allowing each student to operate for an average of about 40 minutes, with an average response rate of over 75 per cent, and correcting errors.
In 2020, three products were released, with a cumulative upgrade of 54 versions. Since July 22, the SMS x 2pro has been on the market, precision has helped students find a total of 13.255 million weak knowledge sites and has made it possible to resolve them through personalized learning and exercises.
A total of 74.9 per cent have been registered, recognized and loved by a wide range of consumers, with a high rating of 4.9+ for Skycats and 98 per cent for Kyouta, with more than 89 per cent of users per month insisting on the use of SATs and higher overall satisfaction.
We believe that this closed business model of 2g-2b-2c not only provides companies with sustained growth in their dynamics in the field of education, but is more likely to expand to other areas of advantage, such as medical care, thereby creating new growth poles for companies. So we cannot simply position the news as an educational information business.
The company is currently in the phase of an artificial intelligence strategy 2.0, building on the ability of artificial intelligence technology, professional domain data accumulation, and scenery to run into a business model of landing on a large scale in each of the high races. The company is now in the process of becoming a “data-arithmetic-product” shut-down.
It is expected to move away from a project-based, custom-based business model to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c, which is a commercial scale of available artificial intelligence technology. Companies are expected to achieve business income in 2020/21/22. 1) There is a spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, business activity is limited and demand for orders is not as high as expected;
2) Government investment in education, health, etc. is not as strong as expected; 3) consumer product recognition and diffusion are less effective than expected; 4) industrial competition is increasing and firms ' pre-emptive advantage is diminishing.
Contact persons: Shao Yung, M.A. from Xiamen University, eight years of work experience in Ni, Keysight, 5g, Smart Network Motors. Using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.