The 2020 performance report and the quarterly report forecast: the annual report slightly achieved a net return of 1.364 billion yuan to the mother, compared to 66.48 per cent, with slightly higher market expectations.  Performance slightly exceeded expectations and cash flows reached an all-time high: the company achieved a revenue of 13.25 billion in 2020.
The company achieved a better growth in 2020, mainly in the form of more effective real cases and improved per capita effectiveness at the core of the i-tracks of education, health care, etc. q4 Q4
Five hundred and forty-one billion yuan, an increase of 63,75 per cent in the same year, and 810 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 81,61 per cent in the same year; delays in the implementation, delivery, acceptance, etc. of projects have also affected the pace of income realization.
This epidemic also boosts household awareness and builds up products and good customers for education, health, intelligent cities, etc.
• A significant increase in the number of realists and an increase in confidence in the development of companies: Science and Technology is a real solution from the perspective of artificial intelligence, based on the criteria of “visible, tactful applications, modeling, statistical data to demonstrate their effectiveness”, focusing on education, health, etc.
On January 18, 2021, the company issued a massive increase in the purchase order, highlighting the company's interest in the company.
Set up a plan to develop confidence in the future development of the industrial intelligence industry and the company for the long-term stability of the company.
The epidemic highlights the need for artificial intelligence to combine the Internet with education, health care, and people at the same time.
As one of the key elements of the new infrastructure, accelerated ecological construction and applications. Based on good growth momentum, 2020-08-24.
In practical cases, further product scaling and per capita efficiency are expected in the coming years.