On May 27, the Education Department of the Wuhan Economic and Technical Development Area (Hannan District) issued the Economic Development Area (Hannan, the highest/minimum dollar for nearly 12 months)
The result of the winning (sold) project on the application of the scale of smart education was announced that the company had a limited share of 62.57/31131 million yuan. This year's announcement followed by 688 million yuan in intelligence education in the Golden Water District of Chengzhou.
The project, the 126 million-dollar smart education project in the Hujiang region, is followed by a major regional smart education project, with a million shares in circulation, which is also the largest amount of the smart education project in the province of Hubei.
The regional orientation solution for flying is gradually moving from the Emblem to the national level, and regional boundaries continue to widen, and the trend towards replication is becoming clear.
The company's winning champion's regional smart education project in the open zone, on the one hand, with an order of $468 million, is proving the horizontal expansion of the company's regional solution, moving gradually from Anhui to the rest of the country.
On the other hand, by analysing the procurement projects in the tender documents, we can see two major features and trends in regional projects: Trends I: Regional solutions are gradually becoming more standardized.
At the government level, emphasis is placed on building regional educational cloud platforms, including a unified portal system, a system of pedagogical analysis, an educational data centre, and an educational data centre.
At the end of the classroom, emphasis is placed on building an intelligent class, including a teacher ' s smart terminal, a student ' s learning smart terminal, etc.
To promote individualized learning based on big data, using the personalized learning manual as a vehicle for learning and for analysis, error-mapping, quiz-pronouncement, etc. We believe that the regional dimension of education solutions cover 2g, 2b, 2c from district and district education bureaux to schools, teachers, students, etc.
Applying needs, which provide a full range of intellectual educational abilities to teach, learn, manage, test and evaluate, is expected to further enhance the standardization of programmes through regional outreach, thereby reducing marginal costs and increasing the level of Maori in products.
Trends II: Income sustainability is expected to increase, running the 2g2b2c profit model. We analyze the products delivered in regional orders, and we find that, in addition to traditional educational information hardware products, the company is flying: one is back on board, and the scale is commercial.
There will also be a G-oriented educational cloud platform development, a wiring service, a new curriculum for b-schools, a 2020-08-10 analysis platform, a smart grouping and classroom preparation system, and products such as a personalized learning manual for c-end students.
Q3 performance, artificial intelligence, products that are more sticky and more sustainable than traditional information hardware.
In this case, the personalized learning manual has now been made available to students in some schools.
A long standardized fee of $300 per semester, covering a wide range of subjects such as mathematics, English, physics, chemistry: q1 high income growth, ai dividend. We believe that companies run the 2g2b2c fee model through regional solutions.
Continuous realization 2021-04-20 Gradually moving from a g-oriented delivery of project-based capacity to a b-oriented delivery of standardized products and a full package of solutions.
The model is moving in a more sustainable direction, and the ground-based attributes and control capabilities of the education track are highlighted. Once again, the company has won a large regional order for smart education, promises to move from Angkor to the country, and the programme’s standardization and sustainability of fees are gradually increasing.
The company is in the phase 2.0 of its artificial intelligence strategy and is gradually developing a closed "Data-Arithmetic-Producer" (Data-Arithmetic-Producer) and is expected to move away from a project-based, customized business model and to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c.
The scale of artificial intelligence technology is commercial. Companies are expected to achieve business income in 2021/22/23. 1) There is a proliferation of domestic and foreign epidemics, limited business activity and less demand for orders; 2) government investment in education, health, etc. is not as strong as expected;
3) Consumer product recognition and diffusion have had less than expected; 4) industrial competition has increased, and firms’ pre-emptive advantage has gradually diminished. Contact person: Shayuan, Applied Mathematics University, five years of experience in financial practice, has worked in the self-employment of domestically financed securities and in the foreign equity research sector.
Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of the University of Xiamen, eight years of work experience, worked in Ni, Keysight, 5 g, and Smart Networked Motors. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that there will be no change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.