Review of the 2020 report by the Ministry of Science and Technology (002230): The landing dividend period, challenging the five-year revenue target of 100 billion yuan (+29.23 per cent) and the net return to the mother of 1.364 billion yuan (+66.48 per cent); net operating cash
Net current: 2,271 million yuan (+48.27 per cent). 2,501 million yuan (+77.55 per cent) was realized in 2021q1; net profit from maternity was $139 million (compared to $131 million in the same period last year).
Smart education leads, and the platform+track strategy works mainly on the track. In 2020, corporate artificial intelligence algorithms continued to evolve, scale applications were gradually implemented, and overall operators operated in situations where the epidemic had a negative impact on market sales and on-site delivery.
In terms of revenue structure, (1) smart education business is the first income weight; (2) smart urban business earns $3.837 billion (+9.47%), while the income ratio is 29.46% (-5.33 pcts), falling to the second income weight, of which a number
RMB (+69.25%) and RMB 2.40% (+0.57 pts).
The company’s intelligent education products are widely used in 31 provincial districts, working in depth with more than 38,000 schools throughout the country, serving hundreds of millions of teachers and students; according to the country, the company’s intellectual education products are widely used.
According to a survey by the Bureau of Statistics on the construction and application of smart schools in the port city, the satisfaction of respondents with initiatives to improve the quality of education was 92.01%. We believe that the company’s ai technology’s capacity to reduce efficiency gains in the use of material is being realized.
In the future, the “platform + track” strategy is expected to work mainly on the track. Performance continues to grow rapidly, and the i-applications are on a scale that leads to operational efficiency gains.
The trend towards a steady improvement in the quality of business as a whole is evident. At the same time as the fast increase in revenue in 2020 (+29.23%), the company achieved a net return profit of 1.364 billion yuan (+66.48%) and a net profit of 767 million yuan (+57.00%), which was equal to two increases in revenue during the same period.
Ten thousand dollars, with a cumulative increase of +48% over the two years, a marked increase in the four cost rates for the period. The capital building, SMS, was mainly due to increased investment in the artificial intelligence building project. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to 2,271 million yuan (+48.27%), the same amount.
After a successful annual harvest of 10 billion, there has been a steady and rapid growth in performance, with the scaling of technology applications during phase ai2.0 effectively contributing to the improvement of its management efficiency; investment in R & D has been higher than the rate of growth in R & D costs over the same period, the rate of capitalization of R & D inputs has declined significantly, net operating cash flows have been growing rapidly for the fourth consecutive year, and the firm ' s overall business quality has steadily improved.
The company has continued to promote research and development in the area of artificial intelligence, building a structured and powerful business-driven map of its own core technology. The company’s steady global reach has won 10 international champions of artificial intelligence in 2020. Over the last three years, it has hosted and participated in the development of 20 national standards and 8 industry standards.
In the context of the international standards on Iso/iec, the project on “Asymptomatic system computing in an overview of international standards technical reporting”, the project on “Asymptomatic voice interaction international standards” and the project on “A framework for data quality processing processes in artificial intelligence machine learning and analysis”, which was developed under its auspices, have been formally approved. To date, major science flights have led and participated in five international standards, reporting projects, one of which is an international standard.
The company “Technology for Basic Clinical Support to Artificial Intelligents” has been officially published. It has been evaluated by the China Association of Science and Technology (CAC) as the leading e-information technology list for Young-den “Kind China 2020.” The winning country-level pilot project for capacity-building of family doctors' services has been launched with the introduction of the “Apocalypse Model” for Artificial Intelligent Assisted Clinical Care.
Heilongjiang, Zhejiang, etc., has gradually begun to apply, and now has more than 30,000 primary health-care facilities serving tens of thousands of grass-roots doctors in more than 170 districts of the country. In their annual reports, the company highlights technical barriers and leading advantages in the fields of education, consumers, and health care.
On 8 February, at the annual planning conference “One has gravity” 2020-2021, the company officially set out its goals for the next five years: to reach a billion users, generate hundreds of billions of dollars, and generate hundreds of billions of industrial students.
On April 20, President Liu Qingfeng read the hundreds of millions of dollars in income targets again at the annual performance statement meeting.
Healthyness; 3 and the two core engines are based on geo-business and systemic innovation, based on local business predominantly on track operations; 4 and the law of expectation) and a third are from consumer-type products; 5 and 5 require “the value of profit growth is higher than the value of income growth, the health of cash flow is higher than the profit indicator, and the ability to sustain profitability is higher than the rate of short-term performance”; 6 and learning China and other interconnectivity.
Network giants, to speed up the implementation of the strategy and to strengthen the “tightness” of the attack; 7, mission and love, to constantly develop complex talent with scientific insight and market insight; 8, to build innovative industrial ecological chains, to form groups to protect the city's rivers, and to insist on complementarities and co-benefits; investment proposals: comprehensive analysis, we believe that corporate intellectual education operations have taken the lead, focused track operations have grown robustly and platforms are operating well.
Growth continues at a rapid pace. Faced with the digital economy, which offers unprecedented historical opportunities for the artificial intelligence industry, companies have continued to grow at a rapid rate.