Dogxing securities (600893.sh) - status formed into cocoons.
2. The dual-use market is huge: three-generation flights have matured, performance has reached 3. Military goods pricing reform, and net interest rate escalation space is expected to be released gradually.
The biggest air engine in the country is the gas turbine production base, the air engine: the civil-military trillion market dances together, the gas turbines: the market is promising and the national production space is huge.
1.1 Our Aerial Engine and Gas Wheeler Production Base
The China Air Engines Group has been installed in the Western Air Consortium by borrowing shells.
On May 31, 2016, China Airline, Shinya, Yoshida, Motivated Group, Inc., was founded.
You have a 100% stake in your company, Shenzhen Sanha, and the person in substantive control is changed to China Air.
80% of the equity, and the WALCOM-related Motives Group Limited.
We're at the production base of our aviation engines and gas turbines.
(a) The only domestic supplier of three generations of main warplane-type engines in the country, with products covering vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, live plugs and a full range of military aviation engines;
1.2 Launching of public assets platform with physical control over China Air Engines Group Ltd. was established on 31 May 2016 and the physical control was changed to a Chinese pilot; Outside of the listed company, the air engine plate still contains some of the assets of the main aviation engine plant, including: Lanzhou, Changzhou.
1.3 Focus on the main aviation engine industry, where performance has now become more focused, the collection structure and profitability have improved continuously. 2017h1 for 2015
(b) The share of revenues from shipping and derivatives continued to rise rapidly from 56.0 per cent in 2014 to 79.4 per cent in 2016, with a 1.3 focus on the main aviation engine, where the catch point is now in place.
2.1 The development of our shipping industry in the period of strategic opportunity reflects the will of the State to do one thing for the whole country! “Two planes” (over 100 billion) + “Flying separation” establishes strategic status and financial support.
2.2 There is a huge gap between our military aircraft holdings and those of the United States, which will create a huge demand for short-boarding;
2942 vs. 13717 U.S. Army: 3rd and 4th generation 2.2 National military flights are in a large cycle of product rotation.
2.2 The whole of the domestic military fleet is in a large cycle of product rotations. In terms of sales, the reliability and stability of the company’s three-generation engines are now largely mature and the probability of import substitution is increasing. Three-generation engines are planned to be self-secured, and three-generation engines are optimized.
In the case of foreign trade: the possibility of the launch of national-made flights accompanying the departure of national-made aircraft is gradually increasing;
Assuming that our aircraft will be fully reassembled for three or more generations over the next 10 years, holding up to 60 per cent of the current United States active warplane levels, and 60 per cent of all other types, the market demand for our military flights will reach $33.5 billion over the next 10 years.
In the next 20 years, we expect to deliver passenger aircraft valued at approximately $92.93 billion, and the counter-ship market estimated at $27.88 billion. According to Chinese commercial flights, China’s share of the global passenger fleet will increase from 14 per cent to 18 per cent by 2035, with an average annual growth rate of 5.5 per cent. China is expected to deliver a total of approximately $92.93 billion of 6865 passenger aircraft over the next 20 years, according to Chinese commercial flights.
General aviation is still in its early stages, with great potential, and is expected to be about $43.5 billion in the next 20 years. Assuming that the country’s navigational industry is well-developed over the next 20 years, the number of aircraft will be reduced to approximately $43.5 billion.
30 per cent of the current United States number, or about 63,000, with an additional requirement of about 60,000, which corresponds to an increase in navigational motors, and market demand of about $450 billion.3 Gas turbines: the market is promising and harbours huge national production space.
Gas turbines are an advanced and complex set of power machinery that works essentially the same way as an aviation engine, which converts the chemical energy of the fuel into the heat and energy of the gas, then uses the gas to fuel turbo-inflating, and ultimately converts energy into engine thrusts or to the outside. Core technologies are similar, therefore, usually.
The global gas turbine market is three-fold, with ge, Siemens, and Mitsubishi occupying more than 80% of the market. In 2015, our gas turbine market reached $35.5 billion, and our gas turbine market is expected to reach its size by 2022.
To about $90 billion. The company has built 30mw class gas turbine production capacity, which will benefit fully from the country’s potential huge gas turbine market demand.
The net interest rate of companies listed in the military industry is lower than that of subsystems. The average net interest rate of the public department listed in the military industry in our country is currently around 2.3 per cent, the average net interest rate of the companies listed in the military industry in the subsystem category is 6.5 per cent, and the profit level of the public sector in the general category is lower than that of the subsystems.
Total package products, such as airplanes, with high requirements for assembly processes, complex assembly processes, long cycles, product complexity is no lower than subsystem companies, and profit levels should not be significantly lower than those of subsystem companies. Total packagers, subsystems, all have higher levels of public goods, excluding the element of private goods, and we believe that the military buys the total.
(a) The level of profits of the general packing group. (As of 2016.12.31) The profits of some military sub-system companies (As of 2016.12.31) The profits of some military assembly companies (As of 2016.12.31)
Reform of the military price-fixing mechanism of 4 military goods to facilitate the integration of civil-military companies, reform of the military price-pricing system will be imperative, and the rules for the pricing of military goods have been put on the agenda of the second plenary meeting of the Development Committee on Civil-Military Integration!
The direction of the military pricing reform is in the development-wide pricing management, where the most direct impact on the profitability of military-industrial enterprises is in the design of incentives. By reference to the United States military’s incentive regime, there may also be three types of cost-incentive constraints, price-incentives, technology-restricted incentives, and progress-incentive pricing.
Figure 6: Priority directions for the reform of the defence science and technology industry 4
The effect is the release of the potential profitability of military-industrial enterprises, which can be referred to in the 5-10 per cent fee collection system of foreign military-industrial enterprises, which promotes enhanced cost management by enterprises, removes some financial constraints and releases profit space.
(b) Core military enterprises often account for 70-75 per cent of the total of five years of revenue and profit during each five-year cycle, after which the development of aviation engines has not progressed as expected;
The company's performance was not released as expected; The military pricing reform was not as fast as expected.
This is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Sexuality does not guarantee anything, nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide services related to investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.