Ningjian High Highway (600377.sh): Lower costs and investment The Ningjing High Highway Company is mainly involved in investment, construction, operation and management of the Ning Ninging.
The company's annual net profit on the highway in Jiangsu and other Jiangsu provinces is $4,947 million, an increase of 12.1 per cent compared with the previous year, $4,880 million in net profit on the highway, bridges and the development of passenger and other auxiliaries along the highway.
The business sector is one of the largest listed companies in the country’s road industry.
The diversification of related business areas, as non-companies, increased by 0.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and fee-for-business costs of $3.920 billion, a decline of 9.37 per cent on a year-on-year basis, thus collecting important components of the main business.
The Māori rate of fee-for-road operations rose by 4.33 pct to 58.86 per cent. By segment, the core asset, the high-speed income of $5.260 billion, remained almost the same as in 23 years; Ning Chang, the high-speed income of the town increased by 8.43 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly from the high-speed network around the town.
However, there has been an increase in flows: revenue from Mount Five has increased by 8.88 per cent over the year, mainly for shorter periods of time, and 52 weeks of rapid growth of the stock price range; a significant decline in income over the same period has been in the Xi Yi (-27.11 per cent) and normality.
The high-speed (-12.08%) is mainly affected by a semi-enclosed expansion of the Yokoi Highway Snow-to-Westwood axis. Moreover, the high-speed income from Siyoe no longer includes income from the first level of the road on 20 January 24th year, and is one of the factors leading to a similar decline in the high-speed income from Siyoe.
In terms of total equity/currenta share (millions of shares) costs, income from road operations decreased by 9.37 per cent in 24 years, with depreciated amortization costs of $2.228 billion, which remained essentially the same as in 23 years; the increase in fees and labour costs was 1.1 per cent and 1.1 per cent, respectively.
Twenty-four years have seen a marked decline in conservation pressure, with a consequent decrease in costs. 25 years of capital spending is planned at approximately $9.37 billion, and will continue to be invested in new roads over the next few years: the company is now running a road bridge, the main business is steadily laid out, and several projects are in progress or in preparation.
The construction of the bridge ' s north link project is expected to be completed by the end of 25 years; 2. The Sicily high-speed South Sector expansion project is under way, with traffic expected at the end of June 26th year: 3. Guangcong North Sector expansion project is expected to commence and construction is expected to be completed over 28 years: 4. Xin capital expenditure will remain at a high level for several years and there will be a small increase in the corporate asset-liability ratio over the next few years.
Increased return on investment and continued downward pressure on financial costs: the company's investment earnings for 24 years totalled $1.78 billion, compared with the fall in lpr and the positive and effective financing measures taken by the company, which led to a combination of corporate debt lending, and we maintained the company's “recommended” rating.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the high speed (600377.sh): lower costs and higher returns on investment led to slightly higher expectations of profitable growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the high speed (600377.sh): lower costs and higher returns on investment led to slightly higher expectations of profitable growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, 9 years of investment research experience, 2015-2018, at the Open Securities Development Researcher's own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is the high-speed Ning Xiao (600377.sh): Lower costs and higher returns on investment lead to a slightly higher-than-expected growth in profitability.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.