The U.S. regulatory agency's final approval for the acquisition of Kuka has been confirmed by the U.S. group in a announcement issued on 30 December that the company's offer to buy Kukaag has been obtained by two U.S. regulatory agencies, the U.S. Foreign Investment Commission (CIFus) and the Defense Trade Control Council (ddtc).
The United States group has now obtained all the regulatory approvals needed to complete the offer to buy Kuka. Its assets are expected to be handed over within eight days of the date of regulatory approval. (1) The approval of the United States regulatory body marks the long-term strategic acquisition of the American group towards automation and the expansion of intelligent manufacturing.
Through offers, the US already holds 94.55% of Kuka’s total share capital. The total value of Kuka’s shares, based on the offer price of €115 per share, is €4.570 billion.
1 Summarizes the consolidated data for US/Kuka basic business as of 2015. (2) In the offer acquisition document, US management highlighted the complementarity of business between two companies: the American group has extensive experience in the area of fee collection and has established extensive business linkages in China, and Kuka is robotic.
Professional skills in automation of construction and logistics. (3) The areas of cooperation that management expects to have between the two enterprises after the acquisition include: (a) increasing the productivity and automation of American groups; (b) developing China ' s market for automated solutions for warehousing and logistics; and (c) cooperating in the development of uniforms.
Goldman Sachs is currently acting as a financial adviser in a published strategic transaction involving one of the following companies or their subsidiaries: American groups, We, Ijeng, Liao, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal perceptions of the said companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Ijian: a-shareconsumerdurables. Liao Yiao Ying, cfa: a-shareconsumerdurables, a-shareconsumerdurables, a-shareconsumerurables, a-sharecomerdulables, American conglomerates, Qingjia Haile.a A share of food drinks: Guai Goon, Ocean River shares, Gui State mat, Qingzhou old cellars, Qingqingqing, Shanxi wine, Qingjia beer (a), five grain fluids.
(a) Media: Au Fung Entertainment, Light Media, Wireless, Huaichana, Blue Curve, Media South China, Media Group, Provincial Wide Shares, Hwa Soo Brothers, Mimax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Min Joo, Science and Technology, Manda House Line, Hua Xianxi Video.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services over the next three months from the United States Group (rmb29.12) and Goldman Sachs has an investment bank customer relationship with the United States Group (rmb29.12), the research industry and related definitions over the past 12 months.
Manage the list of investments in the region; however, the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Less than the historical fundamentals and/or valuations of the scope of the study. Suspension of ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, would no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspension of research (cs): We have suspended the company.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High China Securities.