The beauty group (000333) home appliances have grown steadily, making the world of the "beautiful" Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company released its annual report for 2016, which generated $159.98 billion, an increase of 15 per cent over the year, and a sharper diversification of the home refrigerator washing machine and small household electricity. In 2016, the company ' s air conditioner remained the largest collection, with an increase of 4 per cent, or 41.8 per cent of the total;
The refrigerator is $15 billion, or 9.4 per cent, an increase of 31 per cent, the washing machine is $16.1 billion, or 10 per cent, an increase of 34 per cent, and the small household electricity (including cooking power) is $44.3 billion, or 27 per cent, an increase of 22 per cent. The company's plate business is growing, with ice-washing and small household panels showing bright performance, with an increase of more than 20 per cent, contributing to the whole.
The increase in the size of the harvest has been accompanied by improvements in the product structure, a reduction in the company’s reliance on air-conditioning plates, and a sharper branding of the company’s whole class of household appliances. Hundreds of dollars, with Skycats and the Kyoto system achieving 10 billion sizes, electricity businesses continue to be on the top of the net, on the line.
Sales account for 20% of intra-company sales. t+3 client order systems have advanced across the board and have been effective in strengthening stock cycle controls and stock occupancy, reducing the cash cycle from 4 days to 1 day, stock week from 41 days to 41 days, and operating and liquidity efficiency has improved significantly.
Global layout industry, making the world “American.” The US Toshiba strategic collaboration was completed at the end of June 2016, with a 40-year global authorization of the Toshiba brand and more than 5,000 patented technologies, and will significantly enhance the beauty of brands, technologies, channels, and manufacturing through complementarity and synergy with Toshiba.
In January 2017, the company completed the cut-off of the stake in the cards, holding 94.6% of the stock in the cards. The corporate globalization strategy continues to advance, along with the extension of robotic and automated production, providing an imaginative space for the company to develop in the long term.
The four quarters of the air conditioners are in good condition, with a higher-than-expected income than expected, and I won, referring to the one-size-fits-all expected averages (with the elimination of transformational stocks and small household electricity) given to companies in the United States (000333), performing above expectations.
Expecting internationalization and intelligent layout (2016-11-01) 2. The beauty group (000333), the diversity, the beauty group (000333), the dream, the beauty.
Assumption 1: good air conditioners, with a slight increase over 16 years: an increase in the market share of washing machines, refrigerators and internal and external sales, combined with an increase in the unit price of product structure, with a growth rate of more than 20 per cent; a high rate of growth in the small household electricity-receiving sector, with a rapid growth trend for 17 years;
Assumption 2: The structural upgrading of the company's products continues, and unit price increases contribute to a steady increase in the Maori rate of each block; Assumption 3: The company's three rates remain stable.No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.