Started with the company ' s transformational technology group, industrial automation strategy, under the signature of Li Wai, on March 8, the company organized a group strategy launch on March 8, with Kuka and Gao-Soo.
Participant: Sun Jia-chan, Business Vision: The world's leading consumer appliances, heating air conditioning, robotics and automated systems \diamond
The three pillars of operations are: household appliances, heating and air conditioning, robotics and industrial automation. Key components, such as compressors, electric machines, motion controllers, encoders, drives, and so on, form the whole body building blocks.
The traditional strength of general air conditioning is domestic air conditioning, which has now made significant progress in the commercial sphere and has led to a breakthrough in industry; in robotics and automation, there are currently Kuka and servotronix, commercial and service industries such as swissiog and Ander Logistics.
Intelligent manufacturing/industrial automation strategy: completion of offer to buy a card and a tactical partnership with high-tech. The acquisition of German kuka was completed on 6 January and accepted the offer.
In the future, the Kucca is working in the field of robotics and industrial automation programmes, in the field of sports control and server technology, and in the case of the American-owned power plant, in the field of servo machines, to expand the market for industrial automation through the industrial chain.
\diamond increased by 1.7 percentage points from the previous year. Of this amount, 39.1 billion yuan was collected in the third quarter, i.e. +34.0 per cent; 3.31 billion net profits were attributable to listed companies, i.e. +23.2 per cent, and 0.51 dollars per share.
\diamond \diamond Group-third quarter performance growth robustly
"America Group - A few Major Issues in the Aquatic Acquisition of the Kuka" 2016-09-29. "America Group - White Power Business is robustly developed, sustained and sustained.
Purchase Accelerating Internationalisation of Pluralities 2016-08-31. United States Group: Collection Structure 78 billion a year - 5.9 per cent in the first half of 2016 as net profit for parent companies of $9.5 billion a year + 14.1 per cent.
ii. Kuka: Prospective of Profit (consistently anticipated by Bloomberg)