On February 9, the American group announced the completion of a strategic partnership deal with a high-rise Israeli firm with extensive global operations focusing on the development and marketing of campaign control and automated solutions.
On the one hand, Israel has the world’s leading campaign control, and on the other hand, Israel’s servotronix is a global leader.
Automation programs develop and sell power, products include encoders, server drives, and multiaxis motion controllers, and the US will further expand the US automated and intelligent manufacturing industry through collaboration with the servotronix strategy, which is expected to become the company ' s second major business in the future; on the other hand, the servotronix will borrow the strategy.
Deepening the huge Chinese market and further expanding its global operations. International cooperation has intensified, and the power of globalization to operate has increased.
In 2016, U.S. completed the Toshiba Power Service in Japan, the Italian Central Air-Conditioning Company Clivet, the U.S. Air-Conditioning Unit compared to the 300-deep movement of Dust Industries, the world's leading robot manufacturer, the German Kuka Group, four large-scale worldwide.
This collaboration with the servotronix will strengthen the company’s international strategic layout and further enhance the company’s ability to globalize its operations. The diversity layout continues to deepen, and the value-added space increases.
\triangleright’s operations have covered a number of business areas in the chain of domestic electricity, such as big white power, small household power, electric power, industrial automation, logistics, and have performed well in the horizontal expansion of the business class and vertical upgrading of intelligence.
As the company completes its integration of the subject matter of the acquisition, the streamlining of strategic partnerships between domestic and foreign firms and the synergy of its operations, it should be shown that there will be a significant increase in the company’s operating income. There is further scope for raising the company’s valuation.
Business development in the company continues to be positive, the air-conditioning beneficiary sector ends up in stock, with high growth at a low base until mid-year: small-scale electric power market share industry leads and profitability continues to increase: Kuka acquisitions are completed, and cooperation with the servotronix completion strategy continues to drive corporate automation and intelligent manufacturing to deepen and open new business layouts.
1. Business Investment Strategy 2017 for Households and Households: Brains rise and blues return value 2. Deep Report on the People ' s Households and Power Industry: Performance is growing at a steady rate
3. Group assessment report (000333): Toshiba and air conditioner reheating to three-quarterly fast growth
Marko, graduate from the University of Nankai, in 2011 to study strategy studies. From 2014 to the present, he has been transferred to research in the household electricity industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,