Chinese power (600482.sh) Mechanical unit, domestic power equipment, promising to improve profits.
The ship manufacturing industry is now full of hand orders and shipbuilding orders have been delivered in 26/27 years. The company's engine production rhythm is generally around 12 months.
Downstream demand has recovered, and some firm orders are now in place for 25 years. Downstream demand is flexible, the price of a company's ship engine is market-based, and the industry has generated $15,455 million, yoy + 166%. The company's ship industry is new in 22 years.
The carbon abatement strategy promotes accelerated penetration of green double-fuel engines, and the firm ' s fleet-driven gross interest rate is expected to rise back to over 20%. As the 1mo carbon-emission policy continues to tighten, the power of low-carbon ships is expected to further highlight the competitive edge of the market.
The company’s basics (RMB) are 49.1% green ships, nearly double the 21-year structural ratio. With the large-scale and greening of ships, dual-fuel power technologies are more difficult and valuable.
With the company ' s dual fuel order structure continuously rising, the company ' s profits are expected to continue upwards, and the company ' s reliance on the Chinese fleet and autonomous brand market is expected to further increase its net profit flow per share of operating cash flow.
Roe (belonging to the parent company) (breathing) Surplus manufacturers are mostly licensed for patent production. Currently, there are two major brands, German man and China Shipping Group Wingd, which, according to the China China China newspaper, accounts for around 22% of the city in 22 years.
With China Shipping Group, building technical barriers through increased R & D, after-sale networking, access to high-quality engine-related assets from the Group at the end of 22 years, the development of new green fuels will continue for 23 years, and technological advantages will be enhanced, with the prospect of increasing ownership of the market.
In the context of accelerated demand for coloured fuel engines, companies are expected to achieve a range from "process" to "process plus profit projection, valuation and rating " p. 64/27/18, respectively, and green fuel engine orders are proportional to acceleration + brand market
1. The company introduced the lead in domestic power business, with a wide range of products covering the eight major operations of 1.1., domestic naval power and equipment leaders.
The company is one of the leading developers and producers of domestic naval power and transmission equipment. The company’s main business covers seven types of power operations, including gas power, steam power, diesel power, combined power, chemical power, heat power, nuclear power (equipment) and mechanical and electrical support, which are developed, manufactured, integrated, marketed and serviced for high-end power equipment.
The company’s main products are gas turbines, steam turbines, diesel engines, electricity, electrical control equipment, batteries, heat gas machines, special equipment for nuclear power, ship machinery, port machinery, seawork platforms, gear tanks, etc. The main areas of application include defence power equipment, land industry, ships and marine engineering collars.
The company’s diesel power structure is relatively high. In 2022, the company completed the re-engineering of diesel power, with a smooth overall operation.
9.97 per cent /7/79 per cent. In other power operations, gas vapour power, combined power, nuclear power (equipment), thermal diesel power: the main products are high, medium and low-speed diesel engines and diesel generators, and high-, medium- and low-speed diesel operations by military and civilian companies, facilitating the development of diesel power operations by China Ship Group
A step-by-step consolidation consolidates the company’s leading position in the field of diesel power for domestic ships. A number of subsidiaries operate on diesel engines, such as the Quijiang Heavy Industries, the China Ship Dynamics Group, the woodworkers, the China Ship Engines, etc..2 Chemical power operations: low-voltage vehicles are the backbone of the company’s chemical power industry, storage of lithium battery products.
In the initial phase, 2022 chemical power businesses received 24.67% and Māori 27.06% of the total. The company’s sub-directorate’s heavy shipworker, Huangoka, and sail companies include chemical power businesses, in which sail companies not only have high-quality military production capacity, but also their civil lead acid batteries, which are recognized by many head-carrying companies.
Metals is mainly engaged in the processing of precious metals and is able to produce and supply national silver powder, thus addressing our dependence on imports of the basic raw materials of the photovoltaic industry.3 Gas vapour power operations: research and development, production and marketing mainly of gas turbines and turbines. Gas vapours in 2022
The power industry accounts for 3.32 per cent of the revenue and the Māori for 2.96 per cent of the revenue. It has a wide range of power as a subsidiary, operating in the area of gas and steam power, and is engaged in the design, production, sale, integration of installation systems and technical advice, technical services, medicine, food control engineering equipment, electrical engineering, etc.
With regard to military goods, the vast power is the main supplier of gas-powered installations for large and medium-sized naval vessels: for civilian goods, the vast power for the national production of 30mw gas turbines, which have autonomous intellectual property rights in the country and are subject to engineering applications, is promising.
4 Thermogas power business: mainly thermogas power plant and accessories, the company is in a technological monopoly in this area and has no competitors in the industry. In 2022, the thermal power business received 0.89% and the Māori 1.92%. In the case of subsidiaries, the scope of the industry involved the heated power industry.
The subsidiaries are able not only to produce special heat engine power systems for ships, but also to design and produce heat engines for use in power generation systems, establishing the technological monopoly of companies in the domestic gas industry. (5) Integrated power operations: integrated power operations consist mainly of supply tasks for the development of military power propulsion units and civilian integration.
Power propulsion system supply. In 2022, the combined power operation received 1.67% and Māori 2.32% of the total. It is the most powerful and complete supplier of a ship ' s power propulsion system in the country.
Nuclear power (equipment): mainly nuclear power engineering, pre- and post-nuclear power engineering and radiation monitoring. Nuclear power (equipment) received 1.40 per cent of the total in 2022 and Māori 1.35 per cent of the total. In the case of subsidiaries, the scope of Hai Wang nuclear power involves nuclear power (equipment) operations.
The mainframe vehicle was successfully validated through a medium-wide nuclear prototype, and the company became the only nuclear power conventional island owner in the country, with the equipment to fill the gaps in the domestic torque power drive system.
Industry platforms and ship mechanics account for 11.27 per cent and Māori 9.78 per cent. In the case of ship support products, the Department is the lead company in the country, with a fully organized and specialized capacity subsidiary, Wuhan, which operates in the area of marine platforms and ship mechanics, which has formed five in the marine equipment industry.
Large product series, with core capacity from equipment development to the construction of integrated and multifunctional support platforms, also have advantages in ship-packing and port equipment manufacturing. (Figures) Mobile equipment: Design, manufacture and testing of gear tanks, coaxes, etc.
The mobile equipment business accounts for 7.62% and the Māori for 7.64%. In gear transmission, companies break their technological monopoly on high-end gear boxes, such as Foyte and Frand, and have some advantages in areas such as domestic ship equipment, building fuel fires, electrical equipment, deflection oars, etc.
The company’s shareholders are the China Ship Heavy Industries Group Ltd., a subsidiary with seven power and mechanical packages. According to the company’s financial reports, the China Ship Heavy Industries Group is the first major shareholder in China’s power, holding 26.08% of the shares directly and holding 26.08% of the shares directly.
China’s Shipping Group, through China’s Heavy Industry Group, directly and indirectly controls 56.9% of the company’s total equity, becomes an indirect controlling shareholder in the company, with the effective control being exercised by the State Finance Committee of the State Council. As a platform for market entry for China’s fleet’s powered operations, the company’s production operations are carried out mainly through its subsidiaries.
A number of key affiliates, including many fully-owned subsidiaries such as Wuhan ship mechanics, Chongqing gear tanks, and sail companies, as well as affiliated companies such as the Nanjing Huazhou Grand Investment Centre, China Heavy Industry (Beijing) Research and Management Ltd., China Heavy Industry (King) Southwest Equipment Research Institute Ltd., together contribute to the long-term sound development of the company’s operations.
1.2. Business performance: Corporate revenue has steadily increased, profitability is expected to be repaired Infused with assets to raise corporate overall revenue levels, and corporate net profits have fallen in the short term. Corporate revenue from 2018 is 296.62 because: first, companies have increased sales costs, increased labour costs and increased R & D inputs to increase market ownership; second
Figure 8: The net profit on corporate returns has declined in recent years
Adding sales costs, significant increases in labour costs and increased research and development inputs has resulted in crowding out corporate profit spaces, leading to the progressive landing of high-priced orders, and expected increases in profitability.
Corporate business income has been rising steadily since 2020, and the Māori rate has been relatively stable. Corporate business income has been rising steadily over the years, from 9.02% in 2020 to 24.29% in 1023, with negative growth in business income in 2020 largely due to the epidemic.
Figure 11: Comparison of growth rates of companies with comparable companies
Since the company was listed, it has undergone a number of key asset restructurings and business consolidations, leading to the progressive professional integration of ship power systems. In 2016, the company completed a major asset restructuring, acquired a total of 16 companies from within the China-China Heavy Industry Group, acquired windboat shares, and integrated propulsion and power station systems, such as medium- and high-speed diesel.
China’s subsidiary, China Shipwood, initially integrated low-speed diesel power operations. In 2018, the company absorbed a combination of heavy wood workers and heavy-tooth division, further integrating low-medium-high-speed diesel engine operations and power and machine suite operations.
The operation of high-, medium- and low-speed diesel units by companies associated with diesel-powered plates has contributed to the further integration of diesel power operations by China Shipping Group Limited, thereby consolidating China ' s leading position in the field of diesel power for domestic ships.