In January 2024, the company issued a quick notice of production and sale in January 2024: 157,501 vehicles in January.
The company is the Guangzhou Auto-Industry Group Ltd., the Van Dynamite Group, the China Mechanical Industries Group, etc., which are better off than wholesale retail sales, and the pipeline stock is down: the Volkswagen-initiated company has all performed well.
Along with the sponsors, a large State-owned equity group was set up on the initiative.
Research and development of vehicles, motorcycles, vehicle parts and components, manufacture, volume of 194423, 45.3 per cent more than the same year, end sales, 62,453 more than wholesale, overall distribution and after-sale services, and import and export of automobile-related products
The stock is down. In particular, the January end sales of Hiroshima Toyota were 71875, an increase of 17.6 per cent over the same year, trade, car rentals, used cars, logistics, dismantling, capital, 20845 more than wholesale, and the January end sales of Hiroshima were 56802, an increase of 41 per cent over the same year.
In January, the main vehicle retailing under the banner was higher than wholesale, and there was a different decline in the pipeline ring.
Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: mpv sales are stable, EAMB is a strategy to accelerate globalization.
In January, M8 and M6 sold 6197 and 4933, respectively. mpv accounted for 44.8 per cent of retail sales. mpv sold in January, we believe, mpv products have a high unit price and have a leading advantage in this area, and the mpv ratio has improved the quality of its operations.
52 weeks of share price range ($) accumulated technology (efficient internal combustion, electro-electric coupling systems, etc.) in the area of mixing, the type of phev, the type of phev that has been published, such as fax No. 9 and e8.
e8 Top sales in the mpv area of medium-sized household use. Eian sold 11,005 in January, 34.11% of the year, total equity/flowa (millions of shares) to speed up the globalization strategy. According to EAN Public, on 26 January, the EA Thailand plant project was in Lo, Thailand.
The project has invested 2.3 billion baht, designed to produce 50,000 baht a year, built in two phases, and the first is planned to be completed in July of this year. The first stage of the project will be the Aionyplus right rudder version, which is now sold in Thailand.
Corporate profitability forecasts and valuations: The company’s autonomy plate has set off the path of recovery, relying on a new energy market in a blended layout, and on a strong, autonomous lead in the mpv area. The Eman strategy of globalization, where the two fields have an advantage in the fuel and hybrid markets, still looks forward to the company’s medium- and long-term development.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Volkswagen Group (601238.sh): better retail than wholesale, lower pipeline stock.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
BG (601238.sh): Retailing is better than wholesale, channel stock drops, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, Lee Jin-jin.
From 2009 to 2021, the University of Nankai has been employed in the National Information Centre, the Great Wall Securities, to analyze its own research views.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Volkswagen Group (601238.sh): better retail than wholesale, lower pipeline stock.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.