q1 performance growth robustly, accelerating the \triangleright to \twice+ event: 25 April 2024, company quarterly report 2024, 24q1 business start-up \triangleright \triangleright
Revenues of $30.58 billion increased by 4.9 per cent in the same year; net profit returns of $2.74 billion, an increase of 3.7 per cent in the same year; loss of steady growth in performance and a return to rapid growth in government and consumer business. \triangleright in the operator market
Domestically affected by the overall investment climate, corporate growth is under pressure; firms are accelerating the shift from full connectivity to “connectivity plus numeracy” to fully expanding market space. The international breakthrough has continued, and growth has continued.
q1 achieves a Māori rate of 42.0 per cent, a ring increase of 6.0 per cent, a \triangleright face gain, a cost of 31.2 per cent for q13, a decrease of 1.1 per cent and a decline of 1.3 per cent for the ring;
The net interest rate of q1 is 9.03 per cent, an increase of 0.1 pct and an increase of 4.8 pcc over the same year. In cash flow, the net operating cash flow of q1 is $2.98 billion, an increase of 28.3 per cent over the same period.
Connectivity, continuous empowerment of 5g-a/all-light network/6g. For 5g-a, the company continues to work on chip, \triangleright Research Assistant Fan Woo.
Core technologies, such as law, are deeply involved in global 5g-a standard-setting, and are widely shared with domestic operators. Commercial deployments are carried out in megabytes of experience, industrial on-site networks, redcap, pan-intelligent scenes, and in the field of global senses and ntn, where the demonstration scenes and usages are further expanded.
Applications such as low-altitude economy, navigational management, etc., and networking to match 5g-a in the Shenzhen core business circle. In the All-Iight Network, the company captures light access through self-research microchips and a full-scale scenario programme, and 1. Intercom (000063.sz) reports for 2023:
Market opportunities such as 400gotn for light transmission, with the introduction of an inter-industry priority 800g plug-in programme. Performance growth robustly, with full-calort deployment stimulating future potential - 2024/03/09
The company already has the capability to provide hardware infrastructure, 2. Communications (000063.sz) 3-quarter 2023 software platforms, large model capabilities, industry-ai applications, etc.
In terms of software and engineering capabilities, provide efficient and easy-to-use ai platforms to address the engineering challenges of the training process, and significantly increase the efficiency of the gpu computing and large model training. The company is committed to creating open ecology and actively promoting it.
4. In-depth report of the Mid-Spring Communication (000063.sz): ictlon billion yuan with R&D costs of 20.9 per cent and continuous enabling product innovation. On April 11, the company launched a high-performance one.
Head transition calculation center, second curve opens up growth space - 20 server r6900g5, edge driller aicube, full series of web cards and high-end multi-magnetic array 5. Communications center (000063.sz) first quarter of 2023
Investment proposal: The company connects to the main industry to increase its business resilience, and the full-scale deployment of the arithmetic is expected to stimulate the growth of the company \triangleright methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.