A smooth quarter, with accelerated “connection plus arithmetic” expansion, generated $30,578 million in the first quarter of 2024 (+4.9 per cent for the same year), a net profit for the mother of $2.741 billion (+3.7 per cent for the same year) and a non-net profit of $2.65 billion (+7.9 per cent for the same year); and operational
Net cash flows amounted to $2.98 billion, an increase of 28.3 per cent over the same period. Income grew steadily, with both government and consumer operations back on track.
At the same time, companies expanded their businesses and consumer businesses, both of which were back on a fast-growing path. On the cost side, companies focused on business efficiency improvements, and R & D remained a high-intensity investment.
Revenues from lower government and consumer operations are growing faster. Sales costs, management costs and research and development (R & D) rates continue to increase, and efficiency in business management continues to improve; R & D investment continues to increase, with R & D costs growing in one quarter. Companies are positioning their growth as a top priority in 2024, and their strategic orientation for “connectivity + numeracy” is continuously strengthened.
(1) In the “connection”-based first curve business, remain at the core of the wireless and wired areas of competitiveness, continuously evolving around new generation of ict technologies, such as 5g-a, full-light networks, and 6g. For 5g-a, companies continue to invest more in core technologies such as chip, algorithms, etc., and participate in global 5g-a standard-setting processes
Do; take advantage of market opportunities such as GLIG, light transfer 400gotn and so forth in the whole light network, and push out the first 800g in the industry. (2) In the second curve business, represented by “arithmetic”, a network-based, network-based, integrated computing system is developed that is cost-effective, smart, big.
In China News (000063.sz) - 2023, with robust operations, research and development of new technologies such as high-intensity investment models, companies have released a series of servers that are compatible with mainstream internal and external chips, nationwide, China Communications (000063.sz) - three-quarters of sustained growth in R & D investment towards building.
Production of products such as 100g and 200g webcards, high performance storage, booster, 400g/800g high performance data central exchange. (3) The company has also introduced the concept of “aiforaii” in the end area, e.g. China Communications (000063.sz) and net return profits in the first half of 2023 have increased on the same basis.
The world's first 5g+ai naked 3d flat-eye Nubiapad 3dii, with a two-satellite launch for industry, China Communications (000063.sz) — a 19 per cent increase in the net profit from quarterly repatriation, axon60ultra, ai5gfwa product g5ultra from the system's 5g security flagship.
Communications (000063.sz) - Business quality has improved steadily, with 22 years of net return and investment proposals: corporate growth accelerated in 2024, and corporate business as a whole was robust.
The company earned $30.578 billion in the first quarter of 2024 (+4.9 per cent for the same year), a net profit of $2.741 billion for the mother (+3.7 per cent for the same year) and a non-net profit of $2.65 billion (+7.9 per cent for the same year).
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in central communications (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in central communications single season (in billions, per cent)
On the cost side, companies focus on business efficiency improvements, and R & D remains a high-intensity investment. Companies’ revenues from business and consumer activity grew faster in the first quarter of 2024.
Figure 6: Changes in the three cost rates of central communications (in %) Figure 5: Māori rates of central communications, changes in net interest rates (in %)
In the “connection”-based first curve business, the core competitiveness of the wireless and wired areas is maintained, and the new generation of ict technologies, such as 5g-a, full-light networks, and 6g, continues to evolve. For 5g-a, companies continue to invest more in core technologies, such as chips, algorithms, and participate in global 5g-a standard-setting; and on the full-light network, bring
Market opportunities such as a gigabyte upgrade of light access, 400gotn, etc., have introduced an inter-industry first 800g plug-in program. (2) In the second curve business, which is represented by “calculus”, companies have issued compatible technologies through web-based computing, network-based computing, integrated numeracy systems, layout, intelligence, big models, etc.
A series of domestic and foreign mainstream chip servers, national production of 100 g and 200g web cards, high performance storage, training of integrated machines, 400g/800g high performance data centre switches, etc. (3) The company has also introduced the concept of "aiforaii" in the end area, publishing the global first 5g+ai 3d flat-eye nubiapad3dii.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject