Communications in China (000063.sz/00763.hk) Super-profit levels continue to rise, and emerging business such as 5g-a, arithmetic and so on are expected to boost corporate performance
In response to the volatility of the domestic operator-related business cycle over the past two years, the company has increased its investment in 5g-a, arithmetic and other related new business and will continue to grow at the end of the construction of the 5g base station.
In view of the company’s current low valuation, the “buy-in” rating is maintained. In 2023, the Māori rate climbed rapidly, leading to overall profitability excellence: the company’s operator’s business.
Percentage point. As a result of the increase in the share of high-māori operators, combined with the pressure on operations to optimize to 2024q1 operators, overall profitability continues to be positive: corporate revenue grew by 4.9 per cent in the first quarter, net profit on maternity grew by 3.7 per cent, net profit on deductions grew by 7.9 per cent.
Consumer operations are growing rapidly, products such as numeracy, mobile phones, etc., and small-product combinations of domestic operators.
The overall Māori rate for moving companies has fallen by 2.5 percentage points to 42.0 percentage points over the same period; it has benefited from a continuous increase in the company by 4.8 percentage points. We believe that corporate profitability is still on the rise and that it is hoped that the next step will be to build on R & D inputs and increase the business development profile associated with arithmetic: the company has been working on 2023 year-round.
With $25.290 billion, R & D costs reached 20.4%, with 2.8 percentage points significantly higher than the previous year, which is the highest in history. The company builds a web-wide platform around “data, arithmetic, network” that is extremely effective, green, intelligent, and that meets the core needs of the “cloud, edge, end” diversity landscape.
The company servers support end-to-end smart-measure solutions such as isomer acceleration and liquid cooling, building training machines, etc., and develop them autonomously.
The generic big model, the pre-training “n” large-scale model, has introduced a series of new products for diverse scenarios such as ai, high-performance computing, and for variations in deployments at different levels of the centre to the periphery. We expect future arithmetic-related operations to sustain corporate revenue performance over the next few years, and to move forward.
It is clear that “growth is the company's first priority in 2024”, focusing on new and emerging areas such as 5g-a-a-i that provide a new engine of growth for the performance of the public: in its annual address, the president of the company mentioned that “growth remains the company's first priority in 2024”, and the firm judged that 2024 would be the fast-growing one for 5g-a.
During the year, the company was a major contributor to and participant in global 5g technology research, standard-setting and was deeply involved in the 5g-a standard-setting exercise, and the product was released to support multiple scenario technology validations, while the company indicated that the 5g-a technology traditional base site had achieved universal numeracy and intellectual enhancement and was able to identify networks efficiently.
Liners, with targeted network performance security, are expected to “protect” the low-altitude economy. In 2024, we expect the company to rapidly lift up to an arithmetic level while ensuring that the core competitiveness of the first curve, which is represented by traditional wireless, wired, 5g-a-connected products, will continue to increase.
The second curve operation achieves a rapid double recovery and net gain growth.a Shares correspond to a double pe, h shares to eight and seven times pe, maintaining that “the buying curve-related operations do not go as far as expected.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... not by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.