Deeply involved in more than 5g-a scenes, continued embrace of ai waves, communications (000063.sz) 260404
• Sustained performance, sustained improvement in business and consumer business, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. On 25 April 2024, companies issued the first quarter report, 2024q1, which generated $30,578 million in revenues, an increase of 4.93 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $2.741 billion, an increase of 3.74 per cent over the same period.
The net non-mortality profit of 2,649 million yuan, an increase of 7.93%, 2024q1 over the same period, has shifted firms’ speed from full connectivity to “connectivity plus arithmetic” for the operator’s market, and has continued to expand the domestic market space, breaking through large powers abroad, and maintaining growth. Moreover, corporate and consumer business has continued to improve, with incomes back on their fast-growing path.
• Deep involvement in more than 5g-a scenes, continued progress in the area of numeracy in the domestic production of products. In the area of connectivity, for 5g-a, companies are deeply involved in the development of 5g-a standard, and commercial deployments are carried out in collaboration with domestic operators in megabytes of experience, industrial on-site networks, redcap, general intelligence, etc.
The company publishes self-research chips and a global scenario to capture market demand for light access gigabytes, light transmission 400gotn, etc. In the area of computing, the company publishes a series of servers that are compatible with domestic and international computing chips, training machines, national 100g and 200g web cards, self-researching magnetic arrays, 400g/800g data centre switches, etc.
Arithmetic and arithmetic products; digital nebula upgraded to 3.0 to achieve ai model from data cleansing, modeling and reasoning, application development, flexible deployment of multiple scenarios to enable enterprise development.
The Māori ratio of all three businesses has increased, with a link-on-year increase of 0.49 percentage points. The company has developed a large model of the nebula, using the “1+n+x” strategy, and is developing multiple scenarios for development, industry, communications, water, etc.
Solutions are expected to enhance the competitiveness of the main products.