The Māori ratio has improved significantly, and the proposed release of gdr has accelerated globalization, and we believe that corporate bottom-ups are largely affected by increased industry competition and declining profitability of components. The Māori ratio has improved, and asset structures have continued to optimize.
\triangleright 24q3 has a Māori ratio of 11.82%, ring ratio of +4.22 pcts, which has significantly improved profitability. At the same time, the company’s component delivery industry has taken the lead and started to deploy overseas capacity.
During 24 years, q1-q3 q1-q3 achieved a sustained lead in market share with excellent product performance and globalized distribution channels. In January-September 2024, the company achieved a total of 73.13gw sales of photovoltaic products, a group of which reached the end of the year.
In addition, the company announced that it would deliver components in the range of 90-100gw throughout the year.
Wang, for example, plans to cooperate in the development of 10gw high-efficiency N battery assembly capacity in Saudi Arabia to strengthen future-oriented capacity for financing the proposed release of gdr to accelerate the process of globalization.
On October 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, the company issued an announcement to issue gdr and apply for securities trading in Frankfurt.
This release of gdr funds, which does not exceed RMB 4.5 billion (or its equivalent in foreign currency), will be used mainly for the 1gw component in the United States, the 14gw Integration Base in Shanxi II and the replenishment of liquid funds or the repayment of bank loans.
1. Crystal energy (688223.sh) will be implemented only after the semi-annual reporting point in 2024, after the CSRC has agreed to register and file and the final approval of the relevant offshore regulatory authority.
The secondary distribution of gdr, while accelerating the globalization of companies, has strengthened the financial power of companies and optimized their capital structure - 2024/09/03 - and further strengthened their competitiveness in the photovoltaic industry.
3. Crystal energy (688223.sh) Tri-quarter 2023: rating: performance over expectations, n-topcon percentage increase by 2023/10/31
Businesses, offshore markets continue to expand with the prospect of increasing corporate performance and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
5. Crystal energy (68823.sh) 22-year report and 23-year quarterly review: high performance rate, n ratio expected
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.