There has been a significant increase in profitability, a steady position for Topcon, a net profit of 259 million yuan from non-repatriation, and a significant increase in the ring q2 (026 million yuan).
Topcon’s superior production capacity, the global distribution of its channels, supports the industry’s steady flow of goods. In the last three quarters, the company achieved a total output of 73.13gw of photovoltaic products, an increase of 31.29 per cent compared to the previous three quarters;
The output of the components is 67.65w, and the output of the components continues to be the highest in the industry, and the volume of the n components is expected to improve continuously.
Māori rates have improved significantly, and sustained technological progress has consolidated the status of Topcon. q3-light industrial chain prices have remained low, the main industrial chain has become more profitable, and companies have passed totopcon.
Proximity products and the distribution of global channels maintain a high level of profitability, with Māori sales going up from 4.2 pct to 11.82%, and are expected to benefit mainly from higher-profit markets in the United States. The company recently released Tigerneo’s third-generation latest product, the highest component.
With a conversion efficiency of 24.8 per cent and a maximum power of 670w, and given the topcon component efficiency and power advantage, and the cost-optimal space associated with subsequent technological advances, the company is expected to maintain the profit gap against the background of the pressure of the industrial chain and the advantages of the topcon product and technology.
On October 20, the company announced an offer to raise no more than $4.5 billion (or its equivalent in foreign currency) for the 1gw high-efficiency component in the United States and the 14gw integrated production base in Shanxi II.
This publication helps companies to attract incremental foreign capital, to improve their financial structure and to strengthen their long-term core competitiveness.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Deteriorating international trade environment: new technologies are not progressing as expected: RMB exchange rate fluctuations.