When Al-Jan, China, was rising, the medical American gold track, the non-compliance market was fast changing, and the medical American market was a gold track in the consumer market, with a terminal size close to 200 billion, with an overall number of users.
In 2019, when 13,67 million people reached 13,67 million, the continued expansion of the health-care community became a central driver of industry growth, with poor industry regulation, the underwater market twice as high as the water market, and the future acceleration of compliance market transformation as regulation strengthened. Upstream patterns, the bouric acid gel filling product is competitive, lig, Al-Jan, q-med
The dominant position is that complex solution products are approved only in favor of American customers; the meat market Al-Jan, Lanzhou, two points of leverage, market value in circulation (millions of dollars): imports from the world, market segmentation as products continue; foreign brands of photovoltaic equipment dominate, and internal assets dominate.
Businesses are expected to accelerate their entry through proxy + acquisition. Emmett's matrix is rich, and differential positioning opens up space.
The distribution of track dividends has been successful, with high-body panda needles cut into the awakening week rejuvenation track, in a fast manner; the living bubble needles have been upgraded on a 2.5 basis. The paint needles have been approved in June during the day, and have improved considerably on the basis of the transfer of the uniform acupuncture needles, and have been modified by pela-pegs.
The “bi-parent” character of pro-water and pro-fat can be evenly mixed into transparent acids, without resoluminating, without waiting, showing milk white and lowering the threshold for doctors.
In R & D, demand-driven product R & D has a forward-looking vision and has been documented in several “domestic lead” to ensure product differentiation and competitiveness, product precision in demand for beauty and institutional demands, efficient transformation of products from commodity to commodity series, and effective solutions through tying and selling are improved
Institutional viscosity; direct distribution through the main distribution, efficient distribution network, efficient chain of information transmission from upstream drug manufacturers to downstream terminals and doctors to end of c.
The development of the medical and aesthetic sector has fallen short of expectations, market competition has intensified, and overseas acquisitions have not progressed as expected.
The company was established in 2004 and has now industrialized the transparent sodium urinate filler and facial line. In 2009, the company’s first urinate filling product, the Fugitive Acid Filler.
After being approved by Nmpa, which was the country's first-ever medically certified fillup product, which filled the gap in the medical field, the American-Americans introduced several types of urinary filling products such as Bonida, Effrey, Hi, Jumei plus 1; in 2019, the American-American was again the country's first-ever Nmpa-approved nompa-sanctioned nompa-breeding line iii.
In September 2020, Emmett made a successful landing on a stock market; in May 2021, Emmett announced the launch of preparations for the listing of the Hong Kong stock, the acceleration of offshore operations and overseas acquisitions.
Corporate control is centralized, and employee ownership + strategic sales bind core employees. The user is the director of the company, General Chang Jun, with a direct share ratio of 30.96%, and direct and indirect shares of the company through the Danish investments, customer-to-privileged investments, and movement-led investments. The total direct and indirect shareholding ratio is 38.04%. All other shareholders hold shares at 10%.
Corporate control is concentrated. The company binds its core workforce through deep employee ownership, with two employee holding platforms, “Investment in the Watch” and “Invest in the Front”, with shares of 6.41% and 4.28%, respectively; and the company's ipo has a strategic staff distribution plan, with the ultimate strategic sales investors being both senior managers and core employees of the company.
The planned share share ratio was 2.3 per cent. 1.2 The harvest, the high profit growth, the company’s growth boom, and, driven by the boom, the company’s operating income and net return earnings remained high.
High Māori + low cost, and strong corporate profitability. The net interest rate on corporate homecoming from 2017 to 2020 was a trend, respectively, and the cost of sales and management rates were significant, with the effect of size, as shown in figure 5: Māori and net interest rates on American-Americans from 2017 to 2020.
2. Medical and American industries: consumption of gold lanes, accelerated transformation of non-compliant markets, nearing 200 billion US market terminals, the gold track in the consumer market. According to frost&sullivan, China ' s medical and American sector market reached 17.6 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 22 per cent in the same year.
The epidemic has had a chilling effect on demand, while some small and medium-sized institutions are struggling to survive, leading to a decline in the overall growth rate, which is projected in figure 7: the global medical and aesthetic sector is growing steadily, and the population as a whole is rejuvenating, with 13,672,000 users in 2019.
Women account for three quarters of the consumption of women between 20 and 35 years of age, and in recent years there has been a rejuvenation of the consumer population, with a marked increase in the proportion of female users between 20 and 25 years of age. According to Irea, in 2019, the country’s total population of light-care workers is expected to reach 2,354,000 by 2023.
In 2019, the number of visits per 1,000 population was only 16.7 and the number of users per 1,000 population (women aged 15-64) was 2.8 per cent. In 2019, the number of visits per 1,000 population was only 16.7 per 1,000 population, compared with 27.3.8 per cent in Japan/Brazil/United States/South Korea and 51.5/86.3 per 1,000 population.
According to our calculations, the size of the annual medical consumer users/women aged 15-64 in 2019 in Korea, the United States, Brazil, Japan and China is 14.3 per cent, 9.2 per cent, 8.1 per cent, 5.5 per cent and 2.8 per cent, respectively, and will continue to expand in the future as compared to our overall penetration rate in the mature market.
On the other hand, our medical market is a mess, with 2018 non-compliant markets about twice the size of the compliance market, and with regulation strengthening the “underwater” market, there is a great deal of confusion in our medical market, including, inter alia, over-extended operations in medical machines, illegal cross-industry operations in bio-American institutions, “unlicensed medical practices”, large quantities of counterfeits/water needles and light.
According to Irey, in 2019, only 12 per cent of the industry was legally covered by medical institutions, 28 per cent by legal practitioners, only 33 per cent by formal needles, 61 per cent by 2018 by the standard of the informal medical market, and all kinds of disruptions in the health market caused a major disruption to the order of the industry as the industry developed rapidly.
National regulation and regulation have increased, and the non-compliance market has accelerated its transformation into a compliance market. Since 2016, our regulatory authorities have also observed problems in the medical beauty industry, which has been undergoing a process of rehabilitation.
Programme. In the recently published Programme of Work for the Specialized Rehabilitation of the Medical Services against Illegal Medical Beauty Services, the departments concerned undertook a nationwide campaign to combat illegal medical and aesthetic services from June to December 2021, from which they entered through medical terminals, severely combated unlicensed operations, overstretched operations, and severely combated the sale of medicines/medical devices, not mine.
The country’s registered products are not allowed to be marketed, and serious checks are being made on illegal advertising and Internet information. In the future, the country’s regulation of the medical and American industries will be strengthened, illicit drugs and equipment will be hard to move in the market, and the non-compliant market, which was up to 60%, will be transferred to the compliance market, accelerating the growth of the market’s size.
The Ministry, the General Customs Administration, the General Directorate of Market Supervision, the National Drug and Drug Control Service, the National Health Commission and the Central Network are scheduled to launch a nationwide campaign against illegal medical beauty services in June-December 2021.
The Specialized Office for Combating Illegal Medical Beauty Services, the Ministry of Public Security, the General Customs Administration and the Market, including the strict enforcement of illegal practices related to the conduct of medical beauty activities, the strict regulation of medical services, the National Postal Service, the National Meditation Service, the strict suppression of illegal medical devices for the production and sale of medicines, the serious investigation of violations of the law
The light-care US project has a high level of acceptance at the end of its consumption, while at the same time it better caters to the needs of young American users, and the proportion of non-surgery-types has continued to rise and is significantly higher than the global level. The medical-American project can be divided into two main categories: surgical and non-surgery, of which the non-surgery categories can be further divided into injections, photovoltaics, etc.
For new clients, non-surgery-type projects are less risky, low unit prices, higher consumer acceptance, and suitable for first-time experience. For older clients, the repurchase of light-medium projects is very sticky and rich in mixage with other project combinations.
Figure 13: Categorization of medical items — eye orthopaedic (eye combination, eyelids, inner incision bags, inner eye angles, etc.) — nasal orthopaedic (nose mix, snout, shrugs/heads, wide nose correction, stubs, etc.)
Stereotyping of the chest (breathing, hypothermia, nipple orthopaedic, etc.) Absorption of the face (breathing, hip, arm, leg, etc.) Reforming of the face (lower orthopaedic, chinal prosthesis, etc.)
Other (lips fractures, hair implants, etc.) Injecting water light needles, urinary acid fillings, meat poisons, white needles, soluble lip needles, puppies needles, etc.
Uninventive rejuvenation (deep blue radio frequency, hot Latin, hot Marge, ultrasound knife, light skin) Lasers (skin second, spot laser, laser rim, light skin) other (line sculpture, fruit acid for skin, scabie treatment)
The global ratio of botulinum toxin and TAA is the second highest in terms of non-surgery treatments. The global ratio of non-surgery paramedical treatments shows that botulinum and TAA are far ahead of other projects, with 46.1% and 31.7% of botulinum urinary acids in 2019, respectively, the two largest groups of products.
The global growth rate of needles (plla) has been 24.1%, leading the growth. The relative maturity of injections in our non-surgery projects has been as high as 85%, while photovoltaic projects have grown rapidly in recent years, with a larger share of upgrading space compared to American and solar photovoltaic projects.
Injection-type projects accounted for 85-51-69 per cent of the Ben/United States medical non-surgery-American projects, China notation Radiation projects are more mature than photovoltaics, and, from the inside of the injectables, the bourbic acids are relatively mature and below global levels, and are expected to be released gradually as compliance products are granted market space over time, with a certain degree of disaggregation.
In terms of demand, the demand for “combating against early age” consumption has risen most significantly over the past few years, with a rapid growth in the production of photo-electric products that are mainly resistant to early age, with our share of photovoltaic (face rejuvenation) being only 7%, far below 16% in Japan and the United States, with great potential.
With regard to the pattern of the market for medicines, there is a strong competition for gel filling products in the bouritic acid track, with the advantage of lig, Al-Jan, q-med, and the approval of complex solution products only in favour of American customers; the meat market Al-Jan, Lanzhou, with its two-point balance, is imported as the product evolves and the market is re-segregated; and the foreign brand of photovoltaic equipment is dominated by foreign investors, who are expected to use proxy +
In 2019, the top three of the transparent sodium sodium acid products were foreign manufacturers, ig, Al-Jan, q-med. Domestic producers loved American biology, Wah Hee, Wu Hae, 4th, 5th, 7th, and the cities accounted for 14%, 8.1%, and 6% respectively. Currently, the market has been approved for more than 40 doses of uric acid fillings for medical equipment of the ii type, covering large/medium/minus molecules, etc.
Different types of non-combined/micro-connected/single-connected/single-connected, infested/non-falcial, etc. Middle-molecular products are relatively competitive, and small-molecular products receive fewer approvals, of which complex solution products are approved only in favor of American customers, with differential advantages.
Forty-four-56 per cent, and in 2020, the British Quadrill Agency's Lattig was approved, following up on the Merz flag xeomin, the bear drug Nabota green poison, the restar pharmaceutical agent rt002, the Emmett agent Hutox, and the Chinese agent jetema in Korea are expected to be approved over the next two to five years, and market patterns are expected to be re-separated along with new medical products.
The market for photovoltaic equipment, which is about 2 billion in volume, is now dominated by high- and mid-end equipment from overseas, including factories such as Sénoir, Sénoron, medical practitioners, etc., and foreign leading firms account for more than 60 per cent of the market at the mid-to-high end.
3.1 Existing products: a rich product matrix, differentiated positioning and opening the market Existing medical and aesthetic products of the company are divided mainly into the following categories: gel injection products (Bonida, Effie, Amélie, Fumio One plus one), solution injection products (Jummy, Hives, Ashty Bubble needles) and line-laying products (close). Existing products are in the following categories:
The formulas, injections, injections, etc. vary to meet consumption needs in a number of segmented markets. 1) Hi has become a big monolith, product targeting the blue sea market with almost no competition on the neck, plus excellent product strength, which is rapidly released after only one year of cultivation, and the company then introduces panda needles, clothing bubbles.
Bubble needles, serial development. 2) Effrey's target market is highly competitive, and product orientations are not significantly different, but by the fact that the market is more mature, demand is stable, and Effrey's volume and growth is more stable. 3) Bonida's market has a long childbearing period, mainly because bone filling materials are generally more demanding for doctors, and Bonida has been approved for six years.
In 2019, the top three products of single-product income as a percentage of total revenue were the Hive, Effrey, Bonida,
In terms of prices, the company’s products cover low-end price zones at the upper end of the high school, meeting the needs of consumers and institutional diversification: in terms of sales, the overall volume of high-volume sales in 2020 was over 1.2 million.
Flying, hi, Yumi, Fumei plus one at $700,700/1221, and high-end products like Bonida, at $2547. The largest sales in 2019 were of Effie, with more than 700,000 in the year.
The impact of the epidemic declined in 2020, while the overall sales of the Hives have been growing at a high rate in recent years, reaching over 1.2 million sales throughout the year 2020, while the Māori ratio for all products is above 90% and is on the rise in 2019.
The Māori rate is more than 90%, with the highest Māori rate being based on Bonida, followed by U.S.I.A. and U.S.
Evelyn's Māori rate has risen considerably.
The registration of the sodium sodium compound solution (the Hive) was officially marketed in the first half of 2017 and is currently the only three types of medical device approved by the National Drug and Monitoring Service for the improvement of the neck wrinkles, filling the void in the area of neck wrinkle restoration. From 2017 to 2020, the Hive earned $34.1/75.0/2426/447.4 million, resulting in an outbreak.
Figure 24: Incomes and Māori Rates of the Hives, 2017-2019: He's the only and best cure for neck stripes in terms of compliance and product effectiveness. Cervical aging includes neck stripes, skin laxity, atrophy and elasticity, fat mats, glucose beams, and major cervical aging treatments.
The techniques include fillings, photovoltaics, surgical operations, bottox injections, and so on. Photoelectrics improve skin laxity, surgical operations reduce vertical stripes, and carbotine has a significant effect on the giraffe of the girth, all of which have little effect on the giraffe. Before the high-speed market, transparent acid products on the market are mainly complementary to volume and contour plastics.
The aim is to focus on the meso-molecular/micro-combined products, and the adaptive disorders are not specific to the neck strips, although hyper-adaptive phenomena are common, because of the thin skin of the neck, ordinary urinate filling products tend to produce nodes, dents, and so the treatment is less effective.
The high body uses a non-cooperable and transparent acid, which is smaller than the conventional filler, viscous, suitable for injection in the real cortex, which quickly fills the wrinkled wrinkles and does not easily produce the knots. Moreover, the transgenic acid mix incorporates muscles with antioxidation properties, which effectively removes the oxygen free radicals and thus protects them.
The effects of filling have been prolonged by transparent acids, fresh gel proteins, and figure 25: different levels of neck stripes.
Hearts, coupled with multiple nutrients, achieve immediate filling + nutrient regeneration, have the ability to extend well and stimulate the formation of local gels. Unlike the common market, the Hive is a complex solution consisting of multiple ingredients, including sodium membrane, l-septic acid, glyamino acid, acrylic acid, pyridine, etc.
Vitamins b2. The l-septic composition is an adsorptive, metabolic, transformational, modifiable active ingredient that is resistant to skin decay through three main effects: antioxidation, anti-smelting, cellular activation; and, at the same time, glymino acid, acrylic acid, ammonium amino acid are the raw material for synthetic glyph proteins, which supplement skin nutrients and promote the synthesis of the skin itself.
Figure 26: Principles of Hive Injection. Figure 27: Three types of resistance to oscillation.
It's a long-term prospect of more than 3 billion people. We've measured the high-circle product and found that in 2019, the consumer of the neck-circle market had a penetration rate of only 2%, and in the medium term, we're expected to increase the penetration rate to 5%, the same number of billions. In the long run, it is assumed that the penetration rate of the doctor-circumstance population is 10% for women between 15 and 64 and the neck-circle market for the doctor-circumstance population.
The penetration rate is 15%, and the high neck strip sales are expected to reach $3.102 billion. The product series is being developed at different concentrations, molecular sizes, and viscosity adjustments, resulting in a series of products such as 1.5, 2.5, bear, cat needles, winter live bubble needles, etc.
On the basis of product differentiation as a basis for competition, the company has expanded its applications to further commercialization, with the company introducing panda needles (1.0ml) and winter bubble needles to the track of water light and a wake-up week. In molecular terms, the high body 1.0/1.5 is larger than 2.5 molecules.
And the live-bulb needles, in the form of a combination of large and large molecules, have evolved on a 2.5 basis. In the eye, the Hive Panda needles, through low permeability regulation techniques, have increased the stickyness of the product on a 1.5 basis, making it more abundant and filled than 1.5 and 2.5, and more suitable for the awakening week.
Figure 28: High-body derivatives, strong demand in wake-up-week markets, scarcity of tear-crowd and black-eye-filled products, comprehensive rejuvenation of high-body panda needles, q3 launch in 2020. Eyeweek is one of the key components of human beauty and rejuvenation therapy.
In the case of black eye circles and tear trenches, the product has been primed in recent years, but the product is priced at a high price (US$ 2,500 for the factory, retail prices).
In the case of filling materials, the traditional urinary acid, due to its relatively poor material transparency and extension, is susceptible to the dindal phenomenon and the trigonometry of the tear drains when it smiles, while the animal source protein milk whites have a good cover for the black eye, but it has an immune ostracism and inhalation.
Quickness issues. Q3 q3 was launched in 2020. One-stop solution to the problem of static eye stripes, tear ditches and some black eye circles, eye bags, is the currently scarcely marketed multi-weekly rejuvenation project. Hi, well-extended panda needles avoid tear-crowding problems, and vitamin b2 can be maintained in compound fluids.
Cell oxidation is reduced to the original metabolite, improving the local color of the eye, three amino acid ingredients promoting the regenerative regenerative of the gel protein, helping to restore local skin elasticity of the tear ditches, mitigating the mild eye bag problem, and myus can prolong the refilling effect and maintenance. The panda needle was marketed in q3 in 2020, with a rapid start, with q1 sales in 2021 accounting for 16% of the heights.
Panda needles are better than high body-circle products, and the track is larger and longer-term. With regard to wake-up markets, commercial products for black eye rings and tear trenches are scarce, and the market is not enough for them.
Market sales of $181 million are expected to be less than 80,000 in 2020, covering an estimated population of no more than 50,000, and the project has yet to generate a strong consumer mind. We believe that the eye-wake track is much larger than the neck-circle track, and that the rate of transformation of the entire group of healers will be much higher than the neck-circle.
When we look at less than 30,000 in one quarter, we estimate that Panda needles will be sold in 2021 q1 in a single quarter at more than 70,000, starting at a much faster pace than the Hive, with great potential.
Bonida's high-end products, with a long period of market nurturing, have been gaining prominence over the last two years. In late 2012, Emmett obtained a note on the transparent sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose gel (Bonida) for medical use, containing polyvinyl gel microballs, which is a two-dimensional long-acting filling product on the market, high-end product location, and a factory price of about $2,500.
The terminal recommended a retail price of $16,800. In 2017-2019, Bonida achieved revenue of 15.8/33.6/67.5 million, doubled its growth in 18-19, and in 2020 the number of double-digit sales affected by the epidemic declined. Bonida’s Māori rate remained stable at a high level, with the highest Māori rate among American-Americans, and its Māori rate was 2017-2019, respectively.
Bonida is able to achieve long-active bone support with immediate filling + to promote regenerative regenerative gels, with a filling advantage in the nose, chin, eyebrow, forehead, etc. Bonida is in the form of gel, with sodium transparent (10 mg/ml), hydropropyl methyl cellulose (10 mg/ml), polyvinyl chloride microballe (5 mg/ml, 25-40um in diameter) and balance.
Salt solution. After injection, the pva microballs, which stimulate the growth of their own gel proteins, sustain the effects of Bonida for up to 5-10 years. Benida injects deeper into the skeletal layer, with pva microballs with strong support, molecular structures and mechanics similar to joint cartilage.
Yes, for bone filling, there is a strong advantage in the need for bone support in the nose, jaw, eyebrow, forehead, etc. The competitive pattern is good, the product is clear, but the number of injectable doctors is small, the number of co-doctors is less than 100, and the sales are part of the cooperative terminal.
The pmma microballs stimulate the regeneration of their own gel proteins through instant fillings of the gel protein solution, which are similar to that of Boni das, and are equally sustainable for 5-10 years. By contrast, however, the animal sources of the platinum used in Ebeve have a high agility, and beauty seekers need to be sensitized four weeks before injection filling, and the treatment process is therefore cumbersome.
Competing, Bonida's product has a significant advantage. But, as a filling product with a deeper and more effective injection, Bonida has a higher demand for medical life, and currently has fewer than 100 certified co-doctors, thus limiting the amount of product available, with the overall sales concentrated on a portion of 3.1.3 paint pins: it is allowed to be marketed during the day, and the regenerative track is new.
The year 2021 was the year of regenerative medicine in our country. Three products were approved for the first time in Europe, from inert materials to bioactive materials to regenerative medical materials, in terms of trends in medical and aesthetic materials. Sculptra, a “cup” generation, was developed by the French Seineofy Group and acquired by the Gold and American Group, and was approved in Europe in 1999 and the United States of America in 2004
Sculptra is the first to appear on the market, and the products of left-wing ecstasy have been adapted on the basis of sculptra, such as the addition of components with other functions to combine, shorten their configuration time, reduce the size of particles, and so on.
The girl's needles, on the other hand, use pcl materials, with the added cmc to be filled in a timely manner. Both the girl's and the girl's needles have the effect of stimulating the growth of her own gel protein, with the effect of rejuvenation of the face to stabilize nature for a period of more than one year. But their effects are irreversible, with higher demands on the doctor's skills, and the risk of swollen knots, among other things.
Before 2021, the country did not have any three types of needles or needle injections for young girls, and in 2021 two polyclimatic acids (St. Boma, América) were approved for a young girl needle (Watton Medicine) and the Npaiii medical device opened the year of the American and American reproductive market.
Figure 33: Principles of traditional childhood needles. Figure 34: Principles of young girls needles.
In the country, three types of needles and needles are marketed, mainly for primary and secondary medical equipment, including Ribble, Obéna, Cenode, and so on.
According to Isaps, in 2019, the global volume of non-surgery-based meds was 0.7%, and the estimated total regenerative treatment was 1%. Americian-skinner made it possible to redefine the masculinity needles during the day, and the product was simple in its operation, and it was presented through an aqueous ethanol modifier.
The “bi-parent” characteristics of current water and lipopathy, and the milk white products, can effectively reduce the light permeability of the plastic parts. The common needle composition is a single, frozen dry powder of left-wing ecstasy, which needs to be resolved, and the technology may take three hours or more if it is not well developed. Even now, there are immediate or short-term resoluble products.
It's not easy to use it. By daytime, using the sdam patent technology, hemonic emulsions (plla-peg) are distributed among the translucent transparent acids, with no resolutory, no waiting, and the urinary acid achieves the immediate filling effect. The components include left-circulose condensate microballs; an indication content of 18%; transparent qualitative acids.
The product has the following advantages: (1) the injection method is simpler and is friendly to doctors, and it can be injected directly like the traditional urinary acid. (2) the filling effect is immediately engraved. Combination of the urinary acid component can be used immediately, and it can be activated before the later concentration of the left pelvic acid works. (3) the comfort of the injection.
Lidoca's pain reduction content has significantly increased the comfort of injections. (4) Solves the problem of strewn blocks and swelling.
Accumulation and tissue rejection of acute inflammation and swollen problems. (5) Infibulation, plastic effects, nature. By day, composite gels that are milk white can be effective in reducing the permeability of the plastic parts. (6) complete degradation, no residues.
The ring continues to degrade and 100% is metabolized by humans into co2 and h2o, excreted; polyethylene diol can follow the urine prototype and is safely excreted. 3.2 New product: Self-research + expansive layout, product matrix continuously expanding.
In terms of new products, the company ' s self-research + outreach layout includes meat poisons, Lilalu selenium injection fluids (weight management), radiating lines, etc., while also focusing on photovoltaics. The company ' s new future projects include botox (motive wrinkling), Lilalu selenium injection fluids (weight management), multiple models of facial implants (face lift, wrinkled) and so on, while closing them.
At the end of 2023, it is hoped that the products will be approved, and that the future co-benefits will be boulic acids and botulinums. We now have four meats, three of which are imported (procedures, Lattig, Quakers) and one of which is a national product.
Due to the high degree of dispersion, weight is used for a wide range of injections, such as skinny legs, thin shoulders, and Latti's location is between good and good, especially among young consumers, and rising consumption. In September 2018, the company signed an agreement with the Korean company Huonsco. ltd. for the production of a botulinum toxin.
A cooperation agreement with China, under which Emerite is responsible for clinical trials and registration applications in the Chinese region, will be approved, after which Emerician will be granted the exclusive right to sell the product in China. The product is now in the clinical trial phase and is expected to be approved as soon as possible by the end of 2023.
Nabota green poisons under the drug flag, rt002 from the re-star pharmaceutical agent, Hutox from the Americian agent, and jetema from the East Chinese pharmaceutical agent are expected to be approved inland in two to five years, and the market pattern will be re-listed as new products enter and the company will be listed in port for a second time to facilitate the acquisition and export of products abroad.
The Hong Kong stock will be placed on the market, raising the international profile of the company, forming an offshore capital platform, and helping companies to acquire and produce goods abroad in order to lay the groundwork for a corporate globalization strategy.
3.2.1 Barriers to research and development in the light of the four main barriers to R & D, certification, products and channels: precision in market demand and efficient research and development
The Division is demand-driven, and the development of products is forward-looking. Medical equipment and medicines take at least five years from research and development to usually more than five years, and the entire process covers steps such as product design development, declaration of innovative products (where relevant), registration for testing, clinical trials, registration, production permit applications, listing of products, among which iii medical devices are being considered.
When clinical trials are needed, it usually takes 36-48 months to apply for registration. It is therefore particularly important to predetermine future demands and product judgements at the research and development stage, testing the company’s forward-looking capabilities and understanding of market demands.
The company has a management and technology team with an international perspective from the top, following industry research and trends, keeping abreast of the latest developments in international biomedical research, developments and applications, and through its “open cooperation” research and development approach to universities, leading doctors and universities.
Research and development is driven by product power, an elite research and development team, and reasonable incentives for R & D personnel. In terms of R & D costs, the share of R & D personnel in the total number of companies is increasing, with companies having a total of 91 R & D staff in 2020.
In terms of retention and motivation, companies have the following measures: 1) to bind core technical staff through the employee holding platform; 2) to the project.
(c) Encourage research and development personnel to invent innovations and create incentives for workers patented for inventions: 4) Increase the motivation of research and development by providing incentives for project-specific results based on the difficulty and speed of project research and development of new products.
In 2020/12/31, the company accumulated 41 patents, 23 of which were invented. It had eight core technologies, such as tissue biolubide, cellular tissue preparation and multifunctional blood-control materials.
3.2.2 Substantiated Barriers: Multiple “domestic firsts”, the high threshold for upstream certification highlights the company's advantages, the obvious advantage for Americians, and the “domestic firsts” for many products. As of 6 July 2021, Ameris had seven iii-type medical instruments, including a transparent sodium acid injection filled with pva microballs in the country's first paragraph,
The country’s first tranche of composite injection materials for the restoration of neck strips, the country’s first-painted face-planting products, and the country’s first-past halfiller modifier products, which have a clear advantage and proven ability to compete in the market in the area of segmentation.
There are still no successful races for neck stripes, and this advantage is expected to remain valid for 3-5 years. 3.2.3 Product barriers: high commercialization of products, leading domestic manufacturers of pipeline layouts, firm capacity for precision, commercialization, diversification, scalding of products against consumers and medical institutions
Prominent. The Americ product has undergone five phases of product projectization, project commodification, commodity routineization, routine diversification, multi-dimensional scale-up to enhance product operations through stock build-up + incremental expansion.
An effective joint medical-American treatment solution to improve institutional stickyness. Based on the company’s diversity of product lines, love, America’s customers have proposed a number of joint treatments for different efficiency adaptations, providing consumers and hospitals with a package of solutions that enhances consumer and institutional stickyness, and also boosts sales and revenues from corporate products.
Compared to other companies in our medical track, there is a rich and pre-emptive advantage. Compared with China's leading players in the medical market, they have a clear pre-emptive advantage in facial and neck urinary acids, facial wires, pavilion needles, which can be matched only by foreign medical dragons in terms of existing approved product lines and future layouts.
3.2.4 Channel barrier: marketing network is efficient and stable, All-China School addresses industry pains, direct marketing is supported by major distribution, marketing network is efficient and stable, with 160 salesmen in 2020 and a high-quality canal.
The direct marketing model, which mostly covers the larger head and chain ends, allows companies to accurately capture market demand for medical education, improve institutional and consumer satisfaction, and import new and differentiated products into the market. The distribution model covers mostly low or small lines that the company’s sales team cannot directly cover.
In 2017-2019, companies sold directly Māori rates slightly higher than the Māori rate, but the overall difference was small.
By 2020, the company had set up a network of marketing services covering 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, covering about 5,000 health-care beauty services throughout the country, with direct distribution of the network covering the core.
In terms of sales workers, by the end of 2020, the number of company sales workers stood at 160, leading the country’s medical and American manufacturers. With the continued expansion of the Big Bang party, the company achieved better access to the terminal, and high-quality access led to an acceleration in the release of products under the American flag, using panda needles as an example.
Companies are actively involved in product promotion and end-sales at health-care institutions, providing one-stop services. Companies provide downstream medical institutions with comprehensive solutions ranging from products to services: 1) products with rational, product ladders.
(b) In terms of services, the services provided by companies to institutions cover the pre-market preparation phase, the product distribution phase, the continuous marketing phase, the identification of the products of medical institutions, promotion strategies and content development, customer operations and maintenance.
Figure 41: Emmett's services to medical and aesthetic terminals Using empirical design and material production, product video production Exploring marketing of products and agency marketing strategies for end consumers
• Conducting product launches, inviting experts to provide comprehensive information on products from raw materials, technology, applications, dissolving products from medical and aesthetic institutions, and developing marketing programmes with medical beauty institutions to help them manage their clients and reduce operating and shop-making costs through media coverage.
• Training of doctors in aesthetics, dermatology, injection dose and local integration, product application programmes;
• Support for the development of medical beauty services in conjunction with health-care institutions;
According to the Erie consultation, there are thousands of people in need and a huge shortage of doctors in the medical profession. The Emmett has set up the Education Platform for Medical Beauty Doctors, the All China School, which provides a training team of specialists and specialists to continuously export medical and aesthetic skills to a wide range of cooperating doctors that meet the development needs of the time.
As of December 31, 2020, the All-China Academy offered courses of over 3,000 hours.
Figure 42: The shortage of doctors in the medical profession is huge.
It is a global medical giant with two major star products, namely, Conservatives, Joaden, and dedicated to the development, production, and marketing of a range of advanced aesthetic brands and products, such as aesthetics, body plastics, orthopaedics, skin care, and so on. The history of the development of Al Qaeda is a history of mergers and acquisitions.
The company’s income has grown steadily, and the Māori rate has stabilized at a higher level. By 2015, Al built’s income model has been growing steadily, and after being bought by Actavis in 2015, the overall income of the company has declined.
But it remains largely stable at more than 80%. According to the income split, medicine is Al’s most important business block, with the US starting in 2017 to be the second largest operating block, and medicine/methodology/ophthalmology as a share of total income in 2019, at 48 per cent/26 per 17 per cent.
Al has a rich line of medical and aesthetic products, covering several areas of disaggregating medicine. In terms of bottany, Al built in 1991 and subsequently earned a steady long-term contribution to the company ' s ability to maintain a healthy medical and pharmaceutical base, which has continued to grow steadily; and in terms of urinary acid, which was acquired twice in 20062007.
In terms of chest orthopaedics, companies acquired nacial silicon and kellerfunnel breast funnels in 2006 and 2017, respectively.
In terms of plastics, the company acquired kythera in 2015 with kybella/belkyra soluble needles, zeltiq in 2017 with cool frozen resins, fda in 2019 with the cooltone muscle stimulation system developed by zeltiq approved for listing, Al's plastic products are constantly improving.
The two pillars of Conservancy and Joyardon are growing steadily, and frozen soluble fats and regenerative medicine will be available in the future. Among Al's building panels, Conservatives and Joyardon together contribute more than 50% of their income and remain on the market for more than 10 years, 2019.
In addition to these two products, regenerative medical products, frozen resin products also contribute considerable income after acquisition, and there is much room for growth expected in the future. As a result of technological advances and changes in consumer perceptions, Ryu has made it possible to increase the income of the health sector.
The growth in income from chest products has been weak, or even slightly declining. Figure 47: The income split between Al-American and American products ($ billion) 2015-2019.
After acquiring sales rights in parts of Joyardon in 2006, expanding the range of sales rights to the whole world in 2007 (which can be seen to see that Joyardon's revenue grew by 290% in 2007 compared to the same year) and gaining power to produce R & D, Joyardon maintained a steady growth through the ever-expanding global sales plus the rollout of a sub-model.
With an income of $1.24 billion, Joaden is now marketed in more than 100 countries around the world, and the United States has more than 50% of its market revenue. Conservatives have been approved for up to 12 treatments in fda, all of which are curable for slants, eye cramps, cervix stress disorder, lower limb cramps, etc.
Fish tails, forehead heads, etc... In the United States, a first-listed botulinum toxin has a clear pre-emptive advantage; at the same time, with its increasing range of adaptive conditions since the market, its income has grown, reaching $3.79 billion in 2019, of which $1.66 billion has been saved for medical and aesthetic purposes.
Beyond this expansion, seaboarding is also one of the major reasons for its growth, with the ratio of health-carely and well-positioned offshore income remaining at around 40 per cent between 2015 and 2019.
Figure 51: Jojaden has become the second largest market in the world for Al Qaeda in 2019, except for more than 50% of the United States market revenues. Al Qaeda has officially entered the Chinese market in 2009 and has become the first Chinese-sanctioned meat and toxin product to be used by the United States; in 2010, the company opened the market.
• Promotion of the “Stead Tigers Project”, which provides advisory services to medical and aesthetic institutions and provides in-depth capacity-building; introduction of the Choyaden porcelain acid product in 2015, followed by the introduction of various models; establishment of the Al Qaeda Academy (ami) in 2017, which provides tob and toc training in medical and aesthetic education; and establishment of an innovation centre in Chengdu in 2019, which will further improve the digital teaching of the Al Qaeda Academy
Platforms for breeding: In 2020, the cool-frozen refrigerated resin instrument was approved for listing, and future companies will also introduce functional skin protection. From Al’s successful experience in the global and Chinese markets, Emmett, we see the following as an inspiration: 1) Diversity of products and a rich product matrix: through self-research + M & A, Al builds a rich product line that is well-suited + Joya.
Two major star brands, covering the segment of chest orthopaedics and plastic beauty; Emmett now owns a billboard, high-stylish, and is continuously developing a puppies, bottox, facial wires, fat loss products, and gradually improving the product lines, forming a mix of different products in the future.) Blast creation and branding: Al's ongoing branding.
It creates strong brand recognition and awareness on both the consumer and the doctor side, lowers the threshold for consumer purchasing decisions, and builds strong trust mechanisms with doctors and consumers. At the same time, the payment strategy makes full use of consumer-sharing fission mechanisms and benefits from the flow dividend.
Education and direct marketing networks: Al founded the Al Qaeda College in China in 2017, the Innovation Centre established in 2019 to further improve the digital education platform of the Al Qaeda Academy, while direct distribution networks spread throughout the country, with thousands of sales workers, able to communicate efficiently with end channels and doctors; and the All China Academy was established in 2017, and the All China Academy was set up by América.
The approach covers the bottom + line, with direct sales as the central channel. 4) Out of the sea: Al Qaeda's total overseas income is over 20%, Jojadón's overseas income is over 50%, the safeness is about 40%, and our future medical leaders are expected to fully benefit from the foreign market dividend.
We believe that the Medico-American track is the golden track of the entire consumer block, and that the expansion of American-American user profiles will be the driving force of the industry, with thousands of consultations and user penetration at a lower level than in Europe-US-Japan, and twice as many non-compliant markets as in the compliance market, with regulation strengthening the underwater market and accelerating the transition to compliance. America is the country.
Intra-medical leading industry companies, with existing products including bouretic gel injection products, bouretic compound solutions, entomies, childhood needles, etc., in research and declaration projects such as botulinum toxin, Lilalupe (weight management) and leading the overall product-rich industry. In product differentiation, big single highs are the first ones in the country to comply with and effectively address necks.
A horizontal injection product, with a full breakdown of the track dividend. The high body series has been successfully developed, panda needles have been released at a better rate than the high body, 1.5, and into the awake weeks of rejuvenation, the overall prospects are high, the live bubble needles are upgraded on the basis of the high body 2.5, and the concept of dual anti-moleculars building a skin “medically isolated film” is expected to be q4 in q4.
During the day, the needles were approved for June and improved considerably on the basis of traditional childhood needles, with a “bi-parent” feature of pro-water and lipophilic microballs (plla-peg), which can be spread evenly within the inter-transparent acid, without resolation, without waiting, and with milk white, lowering the threshold for doctor's beatings; and with the efficiency that exists in love with Americans.
The distribution network, which is expected to drive the whole of paint needles and regenerative products in the consumer market and doctor-level education, is expected to start next year. In summary, Emmets have developed a stronger advantage in R & D, certification, products, and channels: R & D, demand-oriented product R & D has a forward-looking vision, and multiple “domestic firsts” have been shown to ensure product differentiation and diversity.
Competitiveness, product-based precision in demand for beauty and institutions, efficient transformation from product to commodity to series; direct distribution, supported by major distribution, efficient distribution networks, and an efficient chain of information transmission from upstream manufacturers to downstream terminals and doctors to end of c.
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.