tcl group (000100.sz) buy-in (first rating) allin display panel tcl group
Development of barriers to competition, technology-capacity-management of a three-pronged competitive system that creates a level of industry-wide efficiency: test-line grinding in oled technology for four years, lined in flexible oled pixels, super narrow edges, etc.
New mini-led products open up a new growth space, like a new technology-leading industry like cameras, and companies, as the second global producer with two 11 generations of lines, have significantly increased the efficiency of cutting super-sized products, leading to greater cost competitiveness.
The industry’s highest ebitda rate, leading technology super-efficiency, builds firm’s core competitiveness. Long-term development paths are both growth- and certainty-based, moving from high cash-flow television and mobile phones to high-profit commercials, electric competitions, and vehicle-car-car-car-loading sub-areas: based on high-end products in three stars.
The pulsed hva shows the advanced layout of the technology, the company's large-scale television panel products will penetrate the high-end and flagship television products and the field of electronic monitors, while the medium-sized panel products will add new product categories such as car and electric pens to the base of the cellular panels, and we'll raise it by diversifying the product structure.
China mainland shows that the company is expected to benefit from a new round of industry shuffling in 2017, when the panel manufacturer overtakes the Korean factory to take global voice: the combined growth of the company ' s total capacity is expected to rise from 2018-2023, and the gradual realization of production and volume of t3 and t4 and the expected increase in the size of the company ' s small and medium-sized capacity is expected to rise.
By 26% of the composite growth rate, the industry’s first-highest growth rate was achieved. The Korea factory’s tristar and lg liquid crystal production were able to withdraw from a build-up of the average size of television and high growth in the business sector, driving the supply and demand pattern, and the company was expected to benefit from a 32- "cool" price rebound: a 120-k/3-0.
The best cut sizes are 32, 43” and 55” and the main cutting product of Samsung's exit line is 55”. It is anticipated that the future Korean plant's 8.5 generation exit will result in a more than 20 per cent rebound in the price of the panel, and the LCD panel of HPV will mainly be 32” and 55” will be expected to benefit from a rebound in the price of the wheel.
We're expecting Van Bun-tae with new production lines like company t4 and t7 and a bottom-up rise in panel prices.
The trade war has affected demand; the three stars have made a large drop in prices for soft-led competition; and large-scale price wars have continued.
▪ Technology: Show technological innovation before it arrives, ltps and oled products catch up with the lead, mobile screen displays are changing rapidly, and panel technology behind it never stops. Chinastar optics has been working deep for eight years at the mid-test oled line, has 2,468 open patents, and is ranked fourth in the world.
Bits. The company is now industry-first in the oled pixel sequence, super narrow borders lead industry by 1.5 mm, and has a clear lead on the hole-drawn screen (underscreen camera) that is about to become mainstream in the high-end flag ship.
In addition to remaining in the lead in mobile screen technology innovation, in large size tv panels, the mini-ledontft-led technology route leads the ecology with performance advantages and cost competitiveness.
The lead woled competes in the high-end tv market. The next generation of printing-led (ijp-oled) is also actively deployed, and the current plating-based oled production process is low, especially when less than 30% of materials are used.
The cost of the inch product is soaring, and the print-led advantage is expected to be a new generation of display technology based on natural curables and less than liquid crystal panels. The company is running along with Japanese factory j-oled and Korean factory tristars in the ijp-oled field, and is absolutely ahead of materials and processes in large-scale products in the future.
In a new generation of display techniques, it is possible to achieve a turn-over supercarrying.
It's now fully produced, and as the world's second-generation product, the efficiency of cutting large-scale products has increased significantly, resulting in a significantly higher cost competitiveness than that of Korean producers. With 11-generation advanced capacity, 65 and above, the production of super-sized panels rose directly from 2 pieces of 65 per large glass-based plate to 8 pieces of 65'/6 pieces of 75'.
The early layout of the 10.5-generation line allows companies to expand from the mainstream dimensions of 32, 43, and 55 to the high-end tv market of 65 and above. The company’s first six-generation soft-led production line in Wuhan is expected to be in production by the end of 2019.
Soft-led and folded-led products will be used in the future in the brand of a single-line flagship mobile phone, a soft-led line that sets the company ' s technical leadership in the area of mobile panels.
As a key link to technology-capacity-management of a three-dimensional core competitive system, Chinese star photovoltaics, with its leading role in investment efficiency and management efficiency, have achieved the top ebitda ratio in the panel industry. In investing in capital plants, companies have taken into account the centralized construction experience of the three stars, marketed bids, and invested in the production line.
In terms of management, China Starlight has adopted a big customer strategy, binding large-scale panels with tcl and three-star electronic depths, and selling fees are about 2 percentage points lower than industry. With corporate industrial finance support, financial costs are lower than industry.
Two percentage points, with extreme management and efficiency, have made companies more profitable than others.2 The monolithic shift to product diversification: large-sized expansion to business, small- and medium-sized power to pens and vehicle seepage, and in order to further improve cutting efficiency, the current three main power lines t1, t2 and t3 are currently in place.
After the product was dominated by a single size, with a significant increase in efficiency and efficiency, the company was expanding its product structure, dominated by television panels and mobile panels, to include a larger number of players, electric pens, and vehicle loads. The t1 and t2 lines of PV were selected from the large-scale panel line to match the three-star hva technology.
Lines, with the withdrawal of the I-81 generation line of Samsung in Korea, high-end and flagship items, such as Sunny and Samsung, are expected to be carried by the Sunshine Light, and some of the t1 and t2 capacity will be transferred to the electric monitor, and the average Māori ratio of large-sized panels is expected to increase as the ratio of medium- and high-end television products to competing monitors rises.
Small-sized t3 lines, dominated by ltps-lcd technology, will also be filtered from a single cellular panel to faster speed, higher Maori electric pens, and cars. A more diversified product structure can be effective in upgrading corporate productsasp, further increasing profitability, and the price of a single television panel will drop more.
In 2016, China’s mainland producers showed the first time that they had overtaken the plant, and again in 2017 that they had overtaken the Korean plant.
The transfer of technology and capacity to become the region with the largest share of global display panel output, LCD panel, has been completed. With the production of 10.5 generations of the Boe and Chinese PV (csot), China's mainland manufacturer has taken the voice of the global LCD panel and is expected to exceed its share by 2020.
50%. As one of the country's two main displays, we believe that there are clear differences in strategic positioning between PV and Kyodong, as compared to the main strategy of the entire field of Kyoto, where PV uses a strong strategy in the area of disaggregation, even if market shares and production lines are lower than in Kyodong.
Under the circumstances, higher levels of profitability have been achieved with the most efficient segmented areas, with pre-discounted interest rate of profit (ebitda rate) and net asset rate of return (roe) being higher than in the east of Kyoto, and higher levels of dividends, and we believe that in the process of showing the full transfer of the panel industry to mainland China, China Xing was able to demonstrate that China is the only country in the world to which China is a party.
Since 2018, China has shown a rapid release of panel capacity, with rapid growth in supply combined with low demand at the end of the downstream, which has led to a collapse in the current LCD price of 32'-65.
Ben. With the continued loss of the LCD, Korea's three stars and lg have planned a full shift to a higher profit margin, with the current 8.5 generation l8-1 of Samsung's monthly production capacity of 120k largely closed, and it's assessing a reduction in Korea's 8.5 generation capacity of about 100k/month supply, which will improve the industry's margins after the contraction.
On a larger scale, we expect some panel prices to start stabilizing and rebounding in the third and fourth quarters, 32"-4, and as low-value display panel taps, Chinastar photovoltaics are expected to hit Davis double-click, with an expected 88% increase.
After that, the tcl group’s core business is currently dominated by display panels and material and tcl financial operations. From the valuations of ev/ebitda and p/e, the company’s valuation levels are significantly lower than those of the domestic panel industry, Kyoto East and Deep Heaven.
We believe that, as the prices of LCD panels stabilize, new production lines such as company t6, t4, t7 can be released and the company’s pss can be pulled up, and as the company’s product volumes are produced, the company’s valuation will be gradually closer to that of the industry, and the company’s valuation will be switched from the “family share valuation” to the “panel share valuation”.
The tcl group's transformation and the backlash of the PV1 tcl group's display panel: from tcl's “TV” to tcl's “Panel” tcl's distribution of a restructuring plan at the end of 2018.
After the reorganization was completed in April 2019, the listed company recovered $4.76 billion in cash, and now returns about $1.15 billion. The restructured tcl group will focus on semiconductor displays and materials.
At the same time, with the power of industry finance, it is structured around semiconductor displays of the industrial chain. There is now an emerging business in the listed company, including Hanlin, Auprom education, which is expected to be removed from the listed company system. The current tcl group is no longer based on the tcl colour and laundry machine.
The tcl group, which has been successfully transformed into a semiconductor panel based on “Start Light.” After this restructuring, the tcl group is called “total thinner,” the tcl group debt ratio has declined significantly and profitability has increased significantly: the company’s total debt was raised from the end of 2018.
The $154.7 billion fell to 93.4 billion in mid-2019, a decrease of up to 30 per cent, with interest-bearing liabilities being reduced. The main production line of the company ' s contribution currently consists of two 8.5 generations of t1.t2 and a 6-generation ltps line of t3.
In the slope phase, the production line is expected to rise to 90k per month by the end of 2019. In 2019, the average price for large-sized panels was approximately $67.5, but the area of shipments reached 8.9417 million square metres, an increase of around 4 per cent.
In the first half of the year, small-scale products reached 57.79 million pieces, an increase of 458 per cent in comparison with the previous year, yielding about $7.1 billion, an increase of 415 per cent, with a small-sized average cost of $18 on average. The t3 line’s full output was the main dynamic of this year’s growth in corporate revenue, even under large-sized product prices.
In the event of a fall, it still led to a 33.5% increase in China’s PV camp. In addition to t1, t2, t3 and t6 already in service, the t4 production line of the flexible oled is expected to be produced in the fourth quarter of this year, with a monthly capacity of about 15 k in the first phase of the Quantities project, which is expected to be flexible.
The product of the oled panel and the folding oled panel is dominated. The t4 line continues to climb at a rate far higher than that of its industry counterparts, owing to years of technological accumulation on the ltps line, and to the fact that the company ' s flexible oled has been in stock for eight years in the middle test line.
We believe that the t4 production line at the end of this year and the t6 production at the end of the year will be an important dynamic for next year’s growth in public revenue. For mobile panel products, whether flexible or folded, prices are much higher than the currently mature ltps product. t6 focuses on cutting 65 inches and so on.
These super-sized panels have a value well above the 32 inch, 43 inch, and 55 inch panels that are currently in the mainstream. Another 11-generation line of 2021 achieved t7 is the average increase in company performance in 2021 and 2022.
Year after year, the Chinese PV camp has grown from $7.2 billion in 2012 to $30.6 billion in 2018, with a recovery rate of up to 25%. Given the fact that the panel industry is a high-input asset industry, companies account for nearly 20% of annual depreciation, and the industry has shown a certain cyclicality, the profits have increased much less than the profits.
Quick, at the end of 2018, China's star photovoltaics realized a net profit of 2.32 billion. LCD panels as a heavy asset industry, the reference company ebitda (pre-discounted profits) more clearly reflects the company's ability to operate and profitability, with a compound gain of almost 14% over the past five years, showing that companies do not consider depreciation amortization.
Figure 10: China Star Photovoltaic ebitda, ebitda/harvest and ebitda acceleration 2) Large-sized bg camp collectivity: high-end tv panel with high-end technology cards such as hva and Mini-led.
With the introduction of the 11-generation company line, the 10.5-generation line creates barriers to competition in the area of marketing, on the one hand it can cut into a larger-size television panel area of higher value, such as 75-inch television, which is still close to $9,000, almost three times the price of 55-inch television.
By relying on the efficiency advantages of high-generation cutting of large-scale products, the division moves into a more expensive niche market commercial display (pid, publicFormationdisplay). The commercial product is better than the traditional LCD view, and is adapted to a given display environment, with higher customization properties, to avoid falling into a similar tv face.
During the Red Sea price battle, future commercial products such as house-to-house integration, meetings and educational interactive flats will be the driving force behind the company’s long-term growth of its performance. hva’s ultra-high-level technology route is high-end tv, and it is hoped that three stars will be able to pull out of production line capacity.
The company has chosen to apply a broader hva technology at the medium and high end along the technological route of the large-scale panel, especially in the field of electro-competing monitors, where display panels using hva technology can provide a super-high brush rate of over 240hz, almost four times the high dynamic contrast with the ips panel, and a unique high curvature display plane.
This technology is currently shown to be used mainly by tristars, Chinese star photovoltaics, convectives, and a frienddas, almost all of which use hva panels in flag ships and high-end television products, and by hva and ips in medium- and low-end products. And the 8.5 generation line that the tristar is closing is dominated by 55-inch hva panels.
Once fully withdrawn, HSPV is expected to be the biggest beneficiary of both technological pathways, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, the competitiveness of HSV is far better than that of a plant, so HSPV is expected to take on more three-star high-end and panel usage on flagship television.
The leading onon-tftmini-led ecology, compared to high-end television on the shoulder, the currently mature mini-led backlight product is dominated by the technical route of the led chip that matches the pcbboard, and the starlight has introduced a new technical route that directly binds the led chip to the tft glass backboard.
With accumulated algorithmic advantages and quantum point advantages, a better performance can be achieved while reducing costs. If Mini-led matches on pcb, based on 15,000 chips, the program is roughly a model of $600, of which the panel is about $200 and the backlight module is about $400. The backlight module is about $400.
The cost comes from three components: pcb, lightbuds, and driveric. If the led beads can be tied directly to the tft, the glass base plate will cost much less than the pcb base, while the driveric use can be reduced, thereby significantly reducing the cost, which is currently the leading industry on the technology route.
There are about 2 million high-end TVs in 250 million flat-boards, 80% of which are women's television, and US$-2000 to create a product series, which, for television manufacturers, is more diversified than for women's suppliers, so that Mini-led high-end television will be a new market at a very high price.
2 10.5 generation lines.t-cell fully aligned and super-narrowed collage to build core competitiveness in the business area: The HPV developed a 65-inch fully cozy touch-control panel based on the nimble-touching technology, with a reaction time of up to 10 milliseconds of cocoa, which greatly enhances the nuance and fluidity of the book.
The t-cell fully calibrated technology only took 10 months to leapfrog to the top of the global interactive electronic whiteboard panel, with a 15% share of the city. In particular, of the iwb delivered in 86, with better user experience from the t-cell fully calibrated technique, it is expected that in 2019, Chinese light power will leapfrog beyond Kyoto East to the second highest level in the world.
The reason behind the first q2 run-off of the lcd mix is that the rapid fall in lcd prices has led to an expansion of applications. Currently, 80% of the global model exports in the global trade arena are from Samsung and lg, and national production has replaced the sky.
It's a big deal, with the development of super-scrambling and anti-showing technologies that can provide colorless solutions, and a rapidly rising market share of the future home-set. 3) Small-sized bg camp collectivity: ltps expand to high-end areas such as electric pens and vehicle loads, softness, folding.
The folding and screen camera and the new oleds are being rolled out, and now the company's small-sized primary production line is the t3 line in Wuhan, dominated by the ltps-lcd smartphone panel, with the main clients being the first line mobile phone manufacturers, including Samsung, Hua, Opo, vivo and Mi.
Last year, the q4 line climbed to full capacity, with 24.8 million hits in a single quarter, ranked third and second in a single quarter, with the highest global growth rate. This year, the t3 line is fully productive, and it is expected that it will reach 110 million pieces of itps-lcd, nearly twice as high.
In addition to the active expansion of the lcd panel, another six-generation soft-led line in Wuhan is expected to produce the first product by the end of this year.
Since the year's full-scale fashion, mobile screens have entered a new cycle of innovation, with the 2018 Liu Seascreen, the new water-drop screen again leading the screen. As soft-led manufacturing matures, hole-drawing screens (underscreen cameras) and folding screens are about to become high-end prototypes.
Eight years of deep-farming, with 2,468 open patents from the olid, the fourth largest in the world. Currently, the company is industry first in the oled pixels, super narrow borders lead the industry by 1.5 mm, and has a clear lead on the puncture screen (camera under the screen), which is about to become mainstream in the high-end flagship.
As the cost-side gap between companies and Samsung remains large in the soft-led panel area, the Division chooses to focus its future competition on new products, such as folding the oed screen and camera under the screen. The first volume of output is expected at the end of this year, static bending screens and folding screens, and next year's q1 or q2 release cameras under the screen.
Today, both screens are available to mobile operators in mainland China, and the launch of the flag ship with the cameras on board is expected to take place in the second half of next year. ltps is a global leader, with 30% of future capacity to cut high-end electric pens and cars.
Although the company entered the ltps late, the company has successfully moved into the latest technology’s overall layout.
In the first half of 2019, the world's ltps mobile panels had an average crop rate of only 70%, and China was able to achieve 92%, with a good rate of nearly 93% exceeding industry poles. The company's current ltps focused mainly on mobile panels, and its future plans are to have 30 ltps--
lcd capacity is extended to high-end vehicle and electric pen display panels, further improving the product class of the company. 4 - Profitability is at the top of the industry, and extreme management operations are key to the backlash ebitda leads the entire industry, with net interest rates at
From 2012 to 2018, the Chinese PV camp grew from $7.24 billion to $276.6 in 2018, at a compound rate of about 25 per cent. The panel industry showed a clear cyclicality, the net profits of the company, the cyclical fluctuations of the industry, the company ' s profitability in comparison with the industry, none.
Whether the ebitda rate or the net rate of interest exceeds that of their peers.
The PV clients on large panels are tcl and tristars, which account for 40%, 20%, millet about 10%, Hae-shin, and other customers. Corporate intelligence and mobile panel clients have been imported since the fourth quarter of 2018 and are now the top client of the company's mobile panel.
Three stars, about 40%, followed by China and Mi. Because tcl in large panels and tcl on television and mobile panels are corporate shareholders, the cost of sales is significantly lower than that of their counterparts.
Given the financial management and resource support of the Chinese PV industry, the company’s financial cost rate is also far lower than that of its counterparts.  The ratio of R & D costs has increased significantly, leading by technology
Corporate management costs are slightly higher than those of peers, mainly due to a significant increase in the company ' s R & D costs from 2017 onwards, on the one hand, with more R & D inputs to the t4 t6 production line, and, on the other hand, with a significant increase in the company ' s input into new technologies such as folding screens, hole-deep screens and print-printing processes, on the other hand.
The share of research and development expenditure by the industry has kept the company in the forefront of many displays of technology. Production lines have been built centrally.
The strategy of centralizing the production lines, the four large-size production lines (t1,t2, t6 on the slope, t7 on the construction) are now in the Shenzhen Light Zone, and the two small-sized production lines (t3, already in production, t4 on the first stage of production) are concentrated in Wuhan.
The advantage is that, on the one hand, the supporting facilities such as infrastructure, bulk gas stations, transformer stations, office buildings and staff dormitories are not required to repeat construction, and it is expected that the investment in decentralized plants will be reduced by about 893 million. On the other hand, there is a clear increase in efficiency in management and storage in upstream and downstream industrial chains.
In addition, suppliers of materials upstream in the industrial chain can achieve a concentration package, especially glimmers, glass base and corresponding driveics, which can significantly reduce costs, and the cost of glimmers is expected to be close to 100 million yuan per year.
Savings of $120 million a year.III. Shows how the panel industry will evolve in terms of both competition and technology dimensions1 and how the panel industry will compete.
First, on the supply side, the global LCD panel produced 140 million pieces in the first half of 2019, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the same period, with a volume of 7,734,000 square metres, or 10.4 per cent over the same period, and, at the demand side, since the second quarter of 2019, as a result of plans by the United States Government to export LCD to mainland China.
The collection of tariffs has severely constrained the recovery of demand for supplies from downstream television producers, resulting in demand-side, i.e., the entire LCD television, with only 106.8 million shipments in the first half of the year, a slight 0.4 per cent drop in the same year.
With 20% and 14% of the city’s share, respectively, and as the 10.5 generation line gradually moves to production on China’s mainland, super-high-generation lines like the 10.5/11 generation line, 65” and more large-scale product markets are rapidly increasing. The top three continue to be 32 in 2019, according to the global LCD delivery structure.
55” and 43), with a rate of 31%, 19% and 16% respectively. These three televisions are 8.5 generation-sized slit sizes, and the arrival of Chinese manufacturers has increased the supply of the three mainstream-sized televisions, as the production of the 8.5 generation line of PV from China’s mainland Dragons began around 2012.
With the production of the next 8.5 generation lines, China's current LCD at 55 is now in the top of the industry, Kyoto East is far ahead of the 32nd, and Chinese manufacturers are already ahead of the mainstream.
Once again, we believe that the industry pattern is being disturbed by mainland China's 10.5/11 generation, which started in 2018, and will be catching up in products of a higher value of 65 inches and above. As these high-generation lines correspond to an economic cut size of 65" and above, they significantly increase the size of the super-sized panel.
Cut-off efficiency has become much more cost-competitive than those in Taiwan and Korea, and since the value of the visual panels above 65 inches is far greater than the current mainstream size, China's mainland panel producers will focus their exports on 65 inches and above in the next 2-3 years, with a larger market share in the market over 65 inches.
With the early layout of the 10.5-generation line, mainland Chinese manufacturers are catching up in the area of large-scale LCD panels, and are expected to show their share of panel production globally in 2023, close to 60%. In 2016, mainland China showed the first time that panel production exceeded Taiwan, and in 2017 it surpassed Korea again, becoming the world’s number one.
One large panel output country, we believe, started production of 10.5/11-generation lines in 2018, and the mainland China panel plant is expected to take the global LCD panel voice. We have observed that, with the Chinese mainland manufacturer, Kingdong, the new 10.5-generation line will be launched for Taiwan and Korea.
Some 7- and 8-generation lines have had a very significant impact. Because 10.5-generation lines are much more efficient at cutting than the 7- and 8-generation lines that are currently applied to the cutting process, the future growth in panel productivity in China’s large land and land is projected to increase from 40 per cent in 2018 to 57 per cent in 2023, with global indications.
In the mobile panel area, mainland Chinese manufacturers have taken a full lead, and will compete fully with Samsung over the next five years. According to the latest statistics from the group intellectual consultation, smartphones around the world in the first half of 2019.
The volume of panels was about 840 million, a decline of about 5.2 per cent over the same period, with Kyoto East being the first in the industry, the third largest in the world, the city at 12 per cent, the sixth-placed Chinese star PV at about 50.4 million, and the mobile panel at 6 per cent. In the first half of the year, the amoled panel came out.
About 190 million of them, with Samsung still occupying an absolute leader position in the global volume of uned cellular billboards, have a market share of 89%. With the rapid release of Chinese-led mobile phones, there has been a significant increase in the volume of flexible amoled panels, with the city accounting for 5%.
Different types of mobile screen display techniques can be divided into four categories: acrystal silicon (a-silcd), low-temperature multisilicon (ltpslcd), rigid (rigidamoled) and flexible oled (lexible amoled), which are currently most used on mobile panels.
lcd) The share of total cellular output is close to 43%, and is expected to drop slightly to 39% by 2022. The fastest growing share of mobile panels is the soft-led panel, which is expected to grow from 10% in 2018 to 31% in 2022, and the combined share of rigid-led panels is expected to be close to 50%.
The fastest growing area in the cellular display panel, whether rigid or soft, is currently dominated by a Tristar, which has been producing a single panel since 2013, so technically, the difference between the internal display of the panel tap and the display of the three stars remains two years, and three.
Stars, as a result of years of technological accumulation, are also far more productive than their competitors, and the production cost of the single-lod module is only half that of the east of Kyoto, with a clear advantage at the cost end. The share of domestic manufacturers in the east of Kyoto is expected to rise as the new production line moves into production, and their production capacity is expected to rise from 2019 by 2023.
12.6% to 27.3% will then be the second largest soft-led panel supplier in the world. The most visible drop in mobile panels is the non-crystal silicon a-si panel, which is used mainly for low-end products of less than $1,000, and the future medium- and low-end panel will gradually be replaced with a better performance.
Lower power, lower-temperature, silicone-lcd. Deep Tian Ma is ranked first in the world, with 20% in the world, followed by Japan's display (jdi) and about 17% of the global output of ltps-lcd, and with t3 output this year, it will be global.
The third-highest panel manufacturer. Jdi is the leading in the ltps-lcd field, producing 93% of the best products. Sub-country producers, Chinese PV and Deep Steam, both over 90% in the product area, are the main suppliers of future ltps-lcd panels.
Figure 30: Different technology smartphones delivered as a proportion of 2, the impending business landscape, with a 25 per cent compound acceleration (cagr) over the next five years, showing that the screen has infiltrated all aspects of life and that the demand can be expressed according to the product of different scenarios
Disaggregated by: television, notebooks/platforms, monitors, mobile phones, commercials, vehicles, and others. According to ihs, LCD is the largest area of consumption display panels, accounting for nearly 67%, and the next five years, 9% of the panels are required to increase at a rate that is second only to the commercial applications. Second, the monitors, in general, show panel requirements.
This represents 13% of the area. Cellular consumption is in third place. With the upper average screen size of the cell phone, the ratio of cellular panels to the total display panel is stable at 7%, and the pen panels are also important applications for the panels, but the volume of their shipments is shrinking, so it is in total.
The area of demand fell from 5 per cent in 2017 to 4 per cent in 2023. The fastest-growing area in the display panel was in the area of business, which, on the one hand, was further widened by the significant reduction in the price of 65 inches and supersized panels due to the 10.5 generation line in mainland China.
On the other hand, due to the development and maturity of new interactive technologies such as touch control and voice, large screen demands in areas of specialization such as education and conferences have begun to emerge, and the total demand for commercial panels over the next five years is close to 25 per cent, and the market share will increase from 3 per cent in 2017 to 7 per cent in 2023.
It's an increase in the penetration rate of the vehicle monitors, and the need for the vehicle medium surface screens and bend screens will be met, as soft-led displays mature, and as car intelligence increases further, the load displays a composite 8% increase in the size of the panel over the next five years.
The area of business displays is now much less competitive than LCD panels, because of the high degree of customizing properties.
The iwb (Icd interactive electronic whiteboard) in the field of education and the conference industry has begun to use a large amount of super-sized liquid crystal panels of 75 and above. For example, in the educational whiteboards, smart blackboards, etc., there has been a rapid growth trend, with Iwb's total cargo in China in 2018 amounting to 1.08 million.
The same year, 22.6% grew, and mainland China accounted for about 72% of the global iwb market. Both the smart blackboard and the meeting tablet share a common feature: they're super-sized, 65' and 86' inches in the domestic iwb market, 343,000 and 270,000, respectively, in 2018, and the main sizes of overseas markets are concentrated.
In 65' and 75. These new areas will consume a large number of large-scale liquid crystal panels and further increase the demand for liquid crystal display panels, which are expected to produce more than 2 million products globally in 2019, driven by the rise in demand in overseas markets and the upgrading of product technology.
By 2022, more than 4.5 million units are expected to be consumed, showing a panel capacity of close to 7 million square metres, and nearly 70 per cent of the capacity of a 10.5 generation line.3 Catfish from the molding panel industry: Mini-ledblu (blacklightunit back)
Mini-ledblu is a lifesaver for the liquid crystal panel, and the large-scale LCD television industry is at a critical stage of technological change, and the emerging technology layers are different, and we think Mini-ledblu can be the lead in technological innovation for the high-end tv panel.
In the high-end tv display panels launched by the major panels, the more representative major groups are the following: first, Korean-owned lig and Samsung-led olid TVs, and the other, the national-owned pioneers Kyoto East and Huasung.
The mini-ledblu backlight of the PVC. Because of the relatively low speed of the large-scale oled panel, which makes television prices much higher than the same size of lcd LCD, the focus is now mainly on high-end televisions such as Japan and Europe and America, which account for only about 1 per cent of global television output.
In terms of the product technology route of the terminal electronics manufacturer Apple and Hwa, Mini-led shows a much better-valued display in the current high-end tv panel area. Apples are expected to be released in the second half of 2019 using the mini-led backlight group techniques of 31.6 inches, 6k resolution monitors, leading large-size screens.
Technology innovation in curtain technology, as technology matures and costs decrease, is expected to lead to future iPads and macbooks using mini-ledblue displays. Uniquely, China is also planning to launch the use of mini-led backlight technology as a smart screen product in three seasons this year.
Mini-ledblu and unled show the Chamber ' s resistance: 45% lower performance than shoulder. 45% lower cost. Mini-led shows that it is still essentially the area of lcd, and Mini-ledblu is a backlight technology that controls the darkness of led independently through tft.
Here is a left-hand picture of the light that shines through the side of dozens of led beads as backlight sources, and then through the conductor's plate through liquid crystal material, through the rotation of liquid crystal molecules and the close-up of the shell. Unlike the traditional backlights, a switch backlights source, the use of a mini-led backlight is the use of tens of thousands, if not more, of led beads (normally).
The chip size is 50-200 μm and becomes a direct back light source that allows the sub-region to regulate the brightness of the light source, achieves a pixel-level back light modulation, and the combination of lcd shows a contrast of over 100,000 degrees, which is almost the same level as the oled.
In terms of overall performance, the icd panel of Mini-ledblu has been able to do this and the Chamber has resisted, not only with respect to contrasts, peaks and high-coloured areas, but also with a 20-30 per cent reduction in power compared to the market flag ship oled panel, while the mini-led shows that there is no oled panel.
The problem of sarcastic “burn screens”. Even if there is a gap in black-field homogeneity, it can be improved through the process, and gaps in perspective can be bridged through the rgb and image algorithms, while the grey scale is expected to improve significantly through the process.
In terms of application range, the mi-led backlight displays a clear advantage, with the corresponding product being found in almost 1 inch to 100 inches, and the pi being able to do between 5 and 500, greatly expanding the use scene. By contrast, the current oled display shows only a small and medium foot within 10 inches.
The inch panel has an advantage, while the extra-large outdoor display of 100 inches or more is more applicable at a small distance between led, and Micro-led, although the most ideal display technology, is still difficult to commercialize because of the inefficient transfer of the led chip.
Mini-led has a greater advantage on the cost end, for example by displaying the panel 65, which is 45% lower than the cost of the woled. The led chip is still contained on the pcb main route, and it is expected that tomorrow year, the display panel plant, led by the HPV, will begin to operate directly on tft-lcd.
On the one hand, because the tft uses a glass base plate, the flatness is better than the pcb, and on the other hand, the size stability of the tft-lcd is such that it is not easy to deform when it is large in size, and the tft can combine to drive the circuit, without the need to add it separately like a pcb.
Motions, the cost of using tft matches is more than 20% lower than pcb, which could further reduce the full integration of the mini-led product, the screen display and the led industry, and the new round shows the closer commercialization of the mini-ledblu in the new cycle and the near maturity of the industry chain.
The global mini-led market is expected to reach 97 million mobile phones, with 6.4% penetration, and 5.4% penetration is expected to reach 12.5 million in the field of large inches of tv. In the area of mnt commercial visibility, 470,000 mini-led monitors will be used, with 0.35% penetration.
One of the most advanced areas of technology is Samsung, which shows that Chinastar photovoltaics, conglomerates and Yoda photovoltaics, and Apples and China will be launching their respective mini-ledblu end-products in September 2019. From the supply chain, Apple's stand-alone monitors and future suppliers on the tablet and laptop end of the computer are in Korea.
China and Taiwan are dominated by mainland Chinese manufacturers and show panels supplied by China's starlight, backlights sealed by Sre light, and Sanam and Hua Chan provided led chip particles.4 Two opportunities for China's panel companies to bend overcarriage: flexble and printable
In the area of display panels, the two most valuable applications are television and mobile phones, and in the next few years they are the fastest-growing areas of technological upgrading. Although the various types of display technologies are still competing, in the long run mobile phones show that the technology options for display panels are becoming too flexible.
The best technology for the television panel should be a print-based oled display. The technology that currently leads the oled display is still represented by the Korean manufacturer Samsung and lg, and in smartphone panels, whether rigid or soft, there is still a huge gap between domestic manufacturers and Samsung, as in the case of soft oled.
Land vendors are at least two years behind, and in the large-scale display panel, the difference is even greater, but at least the speed with which the technology has evolved and the overlap has given mainland Chinese manufacturers the opportunity to catch up with the Korean factory, i.e., the mobile panel area folds the old display screen and the printing oed manufacturing technology.
Even if the powerful three stars show problems after the roll-out of the folding cell phone, through the industrial chain, we expect that the continental manufacturer is only 10 months to 1 year apart from the three stars on the folding of the cell screen. In the technical field, the world’s firms are all running on the same starting line, and the main players are now Chinese.
Photovoltaic, tristar displays little difference between j-oled, the Japanese factory j-oled is far ahead of the medium-sized olid printing process, the tristar is better at material patenting and material preparation, and the mainland Chinese manufacturer, Huaxing, is ahead of the big-sized equipment process and materials, and each of them has a great talent.
hdrwcg wide colour area curable
qledtv premium (qled)
lefttv (ij-led) high-end
LEADTV (distillation-wide) IV. Corporate profitability forecasting and valuation pricing
1. Subsistence profit projections and key assumptions of the financial model 1) Panel price trends: specific producers ' supply exit tempos show that the current three-star monthly production capacity of 8.5 generation line capacity of 120k has now fallen in the cash cost of most companies, followed by the second half of the year
We expect 32-inch panel prices to rebound from $43 for q2 to $49 for the end of the year, and 55-inch panel prices to rebound from $127 for 2q to $155.
The t1 line is currently mainly cutting 32-inch television panels, and the company is currently adjusting some of its capacity to enter the field of electric monitors, which is expected to have a positive upward effect on 32-inch panel prices. In addition to the negative price of the panel, product restructuring helps raise the average price of the product.
The main product of the t2 production line is a 55-inch television panel, which is expected to take orders from higher-end television panels of more three stars by supplying more three stars and Sony's high-end and flagship products, as the company's 8.5 generation line and the tristar's 8.5 generation line closed in Korea are consistent on technical routes and products.
4) t3 lines are currently full of ltps mobile panels, followed by plans to import ltps electric pens and car-borne products. The unit price of the product is expected to increase, and the number of cuts per large piece is expected to decrease, but the overall collection is expected to increase steadily.
5) t4 Quantified in the 4th quarter of this year, with a projected volume of 4 million soft-led screens in 2019, with a flexible-led static bending and folding of screens in the first batch, with a screen-screened camera module coming out in 2020, and company softness projected for 2020 and 2021
The output of the oled module is expected to be 7 million and 10 million, respectively.) t6 production lines have been increasing steadily since the q1 production was achieved this year, and it is expected to increase in November.7 ) Hanlin Exchange operations, dominated by electronics logistics and sales, are light asset operations, with an increase in comparison.
More stable, with the rapid growth of the PV display panel collection, it is expected that the proportion of Hanlin's contribution to the panel will be less relevant and will be removed from the listed company. (8) Other operations will come mainly from the tcl industry finance, which will be provided mainly to upstream and downstream firms.
About $3 billion. The 2019 collection included a quarter of about 17.7 billion in reorganised operations, which was on a q2 scale and would not contribute to the total in the second half of the year. (9) As the price of panels, especially LCD panels, fell by more than 40 per cent, it was observed that the price of the panels fell by more than 40 per cent.
Photovoltaic panel operations dropped to 14.6 per cent in the first half of 2019, and the total product of the panels was able to outperform the Taiwan manufacturer in 2016, again in 2017, owing to the retreat of some production lines in Korea.
South Korean manufacturers jumped to show the largest share of panel production worldwide. In 2017 they became watersheds, and Yoda and lg's p/b valuations began to divide with the continental panel plants represented by the Tokyo East. The market's differentiation of panel valuations was based on a reflection of the market's expectations of the future sectors showing panels, on the one hand, liquid crystals.
Showing that panel production has been transferred to mainland China, while Taiwann producers, because of their lack of investment in and layout of the source, amount to abandoning the next phase of competition, show that the valuation systems of panel producers such as Tokyo East, Chinese PV and Deep Sky Horse are more comparable.
In the pb-roe valuation system, the reasonable p/b valuation level of PV should be higher than that of the peers, taking into account the levels of PV/b over the past five years in Kyoto East and Deep Territory.
▪ Pre-tax profit valuation (ev/ebitda) shows that the panel industry is a heavy asset industry, with a production line moving up to $20-40 billion, and that in recent years new production capacity has been realized by large land and land producers, while most of the depreciation of Taiwan and South Korean manufacturers has been taken into account
After that, ebtida/harvests are a better measure of the management and profitability of the panels. For example, two of the country’s top-value panels, the highest value of the country’s v/ebitda in the last seven years was more than 15 times, the centre of which was about 11 times, and the peak of the v/ebitda in the last seven years.
It's close to 20 times, and the central value is about 15 times. The ebitda/campaign ratio of Chinese star photovoltaics is a leader in the industry, and it's been higher than in the Tokyo East and Sunshine for the last five years, and we think that the company's rationalev/ebitda says that the company's valuation is clearly underestimated, and that the large-scale capacity of Chinese light power will grow at full speed over the next five years.
First, the ball is at a high growth stage, so we think that the company's reasonable valuation level for the next 12 months is about 1, that the industry cycle is clear, that downstream demand continues to suffer from the effects of the trade war, and that the panel industry has a clear cyclicality, on the one hand, due to the availability of new supplies and the backward capacity of the industry.
The cyclical nature of the sector is exacerbated by the cyclical nature of the demand side, which, in the past, is still in a state of swarms, and the prospects for some electronics to face tariff collection remain unclear. When the trade war deteriorates, the demand for downstream electronics will have a greater impact on the need to show the downstream of the panel.
The negative impact of the rebound in the price of the panel. 2 - The Chinese star light-power soft-led production line is about to come into operation, and the Samsungs have hit their competitors with a significant reduction in their productivity and cost advantage from the mobile-led panel.
The soft-led product of Chinese PV is expected to come into production in the fourth quarter of this year, and the firm ' s t4 soft-led product collection will be hit by a significant reduction in the price of Sam ' s mobile phone panel, which has a clear cost lead.
3. Large-scale liquid crystal panel price battles persist, which are not conducive to the company’s performance. The 65-inch LCD panel price has fallen significantly since mainland China’s 10.5 generation production, exceeding 40%. If the price fight continues, it will generate a larger income for the new 10.5 generation production line of the company.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment