The rising China “Applied Materials” Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre – China’s high-end equipment giant ship is expected to rise to the Chinese version of the appliance.
The vulnerability gap is so large that, at the heart of the semiconductor industrial chain, the domesticization of semiconductor equipment is accelerating. This year, the Seven Stars of China and the Northern Microelectronics are formally combined, with the mission of “high-end Chinese-made” as an absolute feature of the nation's massive integrated circuit manufacturing equipment and suites.
Mainly, it has completed a number of projects such as etch, pvd, scrubber, oxidizer, lpcvd (low-air pressure, scientific gas deposition), ald (atomic sedimentation) and gas quality flow controllers (mfc) and has become the most extensive high-end equipment platform in the country with the largest product variety, the Chinese version of the “Application Materials” first set of tools.
• The number of companies in the North that create semiconductor equipment in the country is growing rapidly, both in scale and in capacity. The demand for semiconductor products and the third transfer of semiconductors, which benefited from the industrial chain, have exceeded last year’s total volume of corporate output in the first half of 2017.
Production lines, washing machines, and transmission equipment have entered the 8.5 generation line in the east of Kyoto. In addition, 6 nm process equipment has been submitted to customers for certification, and it is hoped that the 14nm process equipment market will be seized.
• Vacuum equipment, lithium power equipment, electronic components, and a three-point conglomerate that together shapes high-end brands of national production. Photovoltaic industries have grown steadily, with a higher than expected number of photovoltaic machines in 2017, and a six-fold increase in the amount of materials in the North’s first-ever single-volatile furnace, resulting in an exponential increase in the sales of new energy vehicles from 2010 to 2016.
Uttar Pradesh, with its advanced lithium power manufacturing equipment, is expected to make a profit in the future lithium electricity market at a high point; high-precision electronics have led to a sustained increase in operating income, accounting for more than 30% of total turnover, and the Māori rate has remained stable at over 30%. With the rapid growth of the artificial intelligence and property networking industry, the precision is high.
The business income of electronic components will also increase steadily. Yuan, taking into account the high temperature of the semiconductor equipment industry in which the company is located, the company, as the industry’s rare target, gives a North China-based invention: a rising Chinese appliance.
1.1 Reorganization of the company: Seven Stars Electronics and Northern Microelectronics' strong alliance.