Material and materials, conch cement: performance is still bright, value-award in the cement stock incident: 3-quarter report from the company in 2019, yielding $11,756 million in the first three quarters.
q3 sales growth drives robust growth. We measure that the company ' s q3 cement clinker is self-producing about 86 million tons, an increase of about 12 per cent compared to the previous year, trading about 27 million tons, maintaining high sales growth, followed by new start-up in real estate and continued over-expanding construction, while capital investment in the third quarter begins to reverse expectations.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) to support cement demand, with a cumulative increase of 6.87 per cent in national cement production in January-September, including 12 months of maximum/minimum in East China
With a cumulative growth of 9.34 per cent and a continuing high profile in the industry, we believe that the company's beautiful performance alone is underpinned by an increase in integrated competitiveness, and conch cement is becoming more and more powerful in the market; from one ton of conch cement (600585).
According to the situation, the average price of q3 self-produced cement clinker was estimated at about $310 per ton, increasing the same rate.
Conch Cement (600585), Conch Cement: A Fall in Price and q3 Sales High, Reduction in Fixed Cost amortization, 143 ton Māori, Pre-Performance announcement meets expectations, Four Seasons Cement Good
A decline of about $3 per ton over the same period; $23.43 per ton, with management levels remaining a leader in the industry. - 2019/01/10 Normalization of the middle-sea pattern and fluctuations in the ironing cycle: about 84 million tons of company trade in the last three quarters.
Three-quarterly reviews: q3 outperforms expectations, with cement for about 27 million tons, an increase of about 55% over the year, and a gradual normalization of the middle-sea model. The expansion of trade not only contributed to a steady growth in the size of corporate collections, but also significantly reduced the size of China’s economy.
The sale of clinker by large regional enterprises further strengthens and reduces the regional control of leading firms, and the contractual liabilities reflect supply and demand. We note that the “dealing model of the back-up” at the end of the reporting period reflects the supernegotiability of cement companies and the excellent cement industry.
:: Cash received by the company during the reporting period was $14,933 million, significantly higher than revenue ($10,1.7 billion), and by the end of the third quarter the net operating cash flow of the company was $26 billion, slightly higher than the net return profit: cash in hand was $44.55 billion, the asset liability rate was only 20.53 per cent and the same figure was 2.2 fewer
As a percentage point, debt structure continues to optimize. We believe that conch is an enterprise that makes the flow of cash extremely high, with sufficient cash flow to ensure the orderly conduct of operations and the extension of the industrial chain for future M&As, and that it is expected to increase in the future, even at a rate of 30 per cent over 18 years.
Billions of tons, 40.7 million tons of bone production capacity, 1.2 million cubic metres of commercial hybrid capacity, accelerated integration of the company ' s upstream and downstream production chains, and the complementarities of the industrial chain. Corporate skeletal sales in the previous three quarters were over 30 million tons, maintaining rapid growth, with a combined Māori rate expected to reach over 65% and a high level of profitability;
Environmental protection is becoming more intense, the scarcity of mineral resources is becoming more evident, and corporate backbone is dependent on its own high-quality mining operations, which are growing rapidly and will become a new growth point for the company’s performance.
There has been a steady rise in demand for cement everywhere, and from the track track track, large firms have made good deliveries and demand has remained strong, and we believe that this round of real estate has a longer life cycle, short-term real estate investments and new start-ups are resilient and still support the demand for cement, while infrastructure is at the bottom of policy and recovery has improved certainty.
The demand for cement is expected to rise steadily throughout the year. With the start of the third round of price increases in the East China region, the start of the fourth round of price hikes in Fujian and Jiangxi, and the rapid recovery in the season, Liaoning has recently significantly reduced the flow of southern clinker due to the accident, and therefore the low stock levels in the East China region have led to a decline in the supply of clinker.
The decline in output shocks does not preclude the re-emergence of the 1804-high-scenes climate of price increases. As expected, the fallback of production capacity slows down and supply and demand patterns deteriorates; and the rise in prices of coal, ore, etc., bring to the Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.