Seal cement (600585); profit level is still conch cement - 3-quarter review 2019
Cow cement is mainly involved in cement, clinker and bone materials incidents: companies publish quarterly reports for the first time in the last three quarters, which exceed 100 billion dollars in operating income, and produce and sell materials, with cement clinker production capabilities in the country.
11,756 million yuan, an increase of 42.37 per cent in the same year, and 23,816 million yuan in the net return to the mother, a rise in the same year.
In the next three to six months, we've got business income of $39,113 million, an increase of 22,04%. We've measured the company's revenue from self-production of cement clinkers in 2019q3, an increase of about $27 billion, or only 9%, q3, the same amount for the rest of the season.
This represents an increase of about 12 per cent and a decline of about 3 per cent in the average ton sales value of the same year. The revenue from trading operations of the company 2019q3 continued to increase at a rate of $12.8 billion a single season, which is over 65 per cent of the total of 209h1, with less than 1 per cent lower for Māori, with the aim of enhancing market control.
The overall Māori rate continues to decline as a result of higher revenues from trade operations. The Māori rate for sales of 2019q3 conch cement dropped by 5 percentage points in the same year, and 9 percentage points in the previous three seasons in the same year.
The increase in sales remained relatively positive, with companies maintaining higher rates of growth in volume and trade earnings. Net cash flows from conch cement operations continued to grow by 26.05% over the previous year’s high base in the first three quarters, and net cash flows from companies’ operations in the first three quarters were 11,511 billion yuan, which is the same increase.
The currency is $44,549 million, which is a historicly high amount, while the size of the company’s debt has been low in recent years. The cement industry is still at an all-time high, and the main factor determining the temperature is demand, and we judge that the demand for 2019q4 property will remain stable, if not.
The industry is going down the cycle, and a strong cash reserve and greater leverage space for conch cement will create strong financial security for the Division in the next round of industrial M&A consolidation. The skeletal business and overseas markets are expected to become new growth points for companies.
The mud mill project, one commodity concrete project and two bone projects, with limited capacity to add new cement to the country, the company actively promotes overseas market construction and the expansion of the cement industry chain, the conch being China's pole for cement out of the sea, overseas cement clinker production has reached 1,0168,000 tons, and overseas production capacity is on a scale of 10.68 million tons.
At the same time, the company is actively expanding its new business along the cement industry chain, and the construction of bone production capacity is accelerating. The offshore market of 2019h1 received $893 million, a significant increase of 85.32%.
The chain expands its new business, and the process of building bone production capacity is accelerating, with the Osteoporium Operations Camp of 2019h1 receiving 461 million yuan, an increase of 33.45 per cent over the same period.
Dogxingsecurities maintain the company's “very recommended” investment rating.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports conch cement (600585), which is still highly profitable and has a high potential for expansion.
The research assistant in the East has a brief view of his research.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related. The source of financial prosperity in the East, conch cement (600585); the level of profitability is still high and the potential for financial expansion is high.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.