It's the first time it's covered with a "buy-in" rating.
The company, as a coal blowhead in Shanxi Province, is the only public platform under Shanxi's main state-owned coal company, the coal-spilling company, which receives a 15% tax discount on the coal industry through advanced coal-smoking technology. The coal industry has the highest capacity in the metallurgical coal industry and has a flexible product structure.
The low ton of coal costs create a preponderant Māori advantage in the industry; as the supply of coal continues to deepen, the economy recovers, and warmer demand rises, the company’s leading advantage becomes more pronounced, and performance rises to new levels. With regard to the cokering industry, new production is expected to continue steadily with the exit of existing production capacity, with increased capacity for the cokering industry being expected to complement it.
New growth in industry. At a critical time of improvement in Shanxi, the Tsichlin coal industry has become the first asset injection in Shanxi, with a relatively low rate of securitization of the assets of the Xianxian group, relying on the group to gain a further core asset focus, coal masters are strong, and industry can improve performance as a driver of change.
The size of the company’s capacity is in the lead in the metallurgical coal industry, and the Tzulin mountain coal industry’s injection has further expanded its capacity advantage. The unique coal-spilling technology creates a flexible product structure that seeks the best profit mix by adjusting the ratio of coal power to coal-spill sales. Ton coal costs are significantly below industry averages, creating jobs.
The industry continues to deepen, with coal production growing to the level of large production in the tri-western region. Economic warming is expected to lead to an increase in demand for smelting coal, and companies are expected to benefit from blowing coal as Shanxi taps.
As Shanxi state-owned coal companies, which are well-placed in coal and non-coal businesses, the company, as the only listed company under the umbrella of the consortium, is a platform for integrating the group’s quality core business. The group’s asset securitization rate is currently only 30%, and there is still a significant amount of high-quality coal production and coke production that is not securitized.
The change has continued to deepen, and the group’s high-quality asset injection is expected to increase further, driven by policy initiatives.
Sanxian Environmental and Energy Development Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company” or “the company”) as a priority coal industry in Shanxi Province, which focuses on coal production and marketing, is a domestic coal-blowing dragonhead enterprise established in July 2001 in Sanxi Prefectural, led by the Xian Group, United Shanxian Engineering Co. Ltd.,
Launched by four companies, including Sky Ridge Chemical Group Ltd., and held at the Shanghai Stock Exchange in September 2006