Huatai Securities (601688.sh): Technology-enabling wealth management
In 2009, the company was listed on the Hong Kong Federation Board in June 2009. The company actually controls the Jiangsu State Treasury Board, 2018.
The corporate ownership reform pilot master plan was approved with an increase of $14.2 billion in equity in the closed-issuea shares, while strategic investors, such as Alibaba and Suning, were introduced to further deepen Internet operations.
During 2016-2018, each of the top five firms in terms of revenue and profits were ranked as net capital, but it was still significantly higher than the stock industry as a whole (3.52 per cent), reflecting its ability to generate capital gains.
Walter Bond, one of the country's first to roll out a mobile trading terminal, developed a "Stand Up" mobile client in 2009, and after taking the lead in commission reform in 2013, the market for corporate brokerage was very high.
Upgrade, 2014-2018. Companies apply financial technology to upgrade smart marketing services, actively push on-line technology upgrades and integration of whole business chain resources, speed up intelligence services online, build and upgrade functionality, drive network smart transformation, re-establish business site location and value, and see.
The future of wealth management services will become more digital and intelligent, with companies increasingly investing in science, technology and innovation, using digital channels to build new models of platformed and systematized wealth management services. Technology-driven business development and wealth management will shift.
With significant results, in addition to the continued leading role of brokerage companies, financial product sales and capital intermediation have also been well developed, with companies leading the international marketing of their operations, and with the liberalization of foreign access policies in the securities sector and the cross-borderization of securities companies.
A series of policy measures, such as release, a steady increase in the two-way opening of capital markets, an acceleration of the process of internationalization, and the future arrival of the first single gddr in Washington, D.C., will lead to the development of Hong Kong-United States cross-border Europe, with a steady increase in corporate revenue from international operations over the past three years, with a year-on-year increase of 18 per cent in 2018, accounting for revenue.
The company also has a variety of business features, and the investment industry has continued to pursue its capitalization strategy, leading up to 18 years of parallel growth in equity financing. Self-investment has diversified, increasing investment capacity and product creation, and moving towards “larger self-employment”.
Real-change proactive management, capital-management structures are constantly being optimized. The profit forecast and investment rating of the country is a very strong business profile, and the Roe industry is well advanced and deserves to be valued above the industry average in 2019.
In addition to the fact that they rank first in the brokering market share industry, the M & As restructuring, the management of the business are also in the vanguard of the industry, and the international business has grown steadily in terms of its multi-distribution revenues. The company’s portfolio has developed in a more balanced way, with some in the future.
The stock market returns to its leaders in good wealth management, and the implementation of the board is ahead of expectations, and the first gdr issue will accelerate the expansion of corporate international business while increasing capital strength. The securities industry is concentrated.
Top bond dealers with a strong combination of profits. Offshore operations are not growing as expected, securities markets are at high risk of volatility, stock pledge risk, liquidity risk, government (i) capital expands rapidly, and high-quality contributions to development.
The company, formerly Jiangsu Portfolio, was established in 1990. In March 1999, the company changed its name to “Wattau”