Half-yearly reporting double-digit growth in profits realized, balanced development of network computing operations \triangleright \triangleright 17/08/2024
Communications reached $12.51 billion, an increase of 2.1% over the same period, network intelligence reached $43.5 billion, same-year penetration over 80%, and integration users arpu reached $103. Broadband subscribers reached 117 million over the same period, with a dry magnified broadband penetration rate of 25%.
24.3 per cent; data centres achieved revenue of $13.1 billion, or 5.0 per cent, over the same period; data services generated revenue of $3.2 billion, or 8.6 per cent, over the same year; and intellectual applications generated revenue of $3.7 billion, or 13.5 per cent over the same period.
The goal remains robust income growth, double-digit profits growth, and the company’s winning performance meets the medium-term target.
The interest-bearing liability of the company is $3.05 billion, a decline of 3.8 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 0.6 per cent in the cost-of-business rate, and a decrease of 3.4 per cent in the management cost of the same year.
The company will continue to develop network innovation, technology innovation, service innovation, and promote service innovation based on networking and technological innovation, and networking and communication at the level of 1. China Connect (600050.sh) in the first quarter of 2024.
Assessment: Double-digit growth in net profit deductions, quality of company operations 10,000 stations, low-frequency base stations 780,000 stations, 4g medium-frequency base stations more than 2 million stations and growing network capacity; continuous upgrades - 2024/04/21
More than 100 cities have achieved commercial deployments of 5g-a key technologies, such as redcaps, wave polymers, etc. The second is to speed up the construction of high-speed broadband Internet.
Business leads; 50 gpon technology pilots to help build a mega-mega-cities. In the area of computing intelligence, the company will improve the integrated layout of the cloud edges by 3.
Review: Good performance, industry Internet operations sustained up to 10 eflops; more than 20 large arithmetic central parks with full coverage of the “East and West” hub node. Speed up the construction of the “New Eight and Eight” national backbone network and deployment of super-high-speed connectivity between the Arithmetic Centre
4. China Connect (600050.sh) semi-annual 2023 portal to create a network of high flux, high performance, high-intelligent Arithmetic Intelligence Leagues.
High-quality development results are evident, with innovation building core growth multiplied and “recommended” ratings maintained. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.