Telecommunications operations iii China Connect (600050.sh) maintained double-digit growth in performance and “three to new” built robust operating bases
On August 19, 2024, China Connect released its semi-annual report for 2024. 2024h1, the company realized its operating income of 1973 billion, and its networked communications business was stabilized, and its users were “double up” in size and value. 2024h1,
Corporate networked communications operations (including mobile connectivity, broadband connectivity, television connectivity, exclusive connectivity, communications operations and information operations) generated $12.51 billion, compared to 2.1 per cent, of which 339 million mobile users, representing a net increase of 6.09 million users, a net increase of up to the same period in the last five years; and 5g package penetration rates.
In the future, companies will insist on new integration, new scenes, new values, business integration, product integration (making several revenue lines of 10)
Billions of class products, such as connecting clouds, video colouring bells, full house wide guidance for family clients, extension of smart homes, basic data: wisdom security, super-cleaning content, 30 June 2024, and terminal integration.
The network’s smart business has increased efficiency and actively developed a new blue sea of intelligence. The company’s smart business includes the six main pieces of cloud connection, data centres, digital integration, data services, smart applications and network information security, 2024h1 generating $43.5 billion, or +6.6 per cent, of which the network’s smart business has generated $31.7 billion.
+58.2 per cent of the same year, the company continued to target arithmetic investments in the numeracy business block, the first half of which went to Gowooyang, where the annual full-network smartness count reached 10 eflops, and in 2024, the size of the ai server was 2503 and it's going to land.
The second is the continuous enrichment of the system of intelligence-based products, and the company has officially launched the metascope 2.0 platform, with 20.4 billion model parameters, 35+ industry models, a future deep-farming landscape, a unique ability to promote the high quality of artificial intelligence and add value to computing intelligence.
Zhao Tianyu has invested 23.9 billion yuan, compared to 13.4 per cent. The company focuses on three networks, the Internet, the Arithmetic Network, and the Data Network, of which over 1.31 million are mobile Internet medium frequency base stations, and 780,000 are low frequency base stations in the future.
The commercial deployment of redcap, 5g-a will continue to be promoted in more than 100 cities; the Arithmetic Network will build the Shanghai port of embarkation, Hu and Huttung Vanka centres of intelligence, and will accelerate the construction of the “new eight-to-eight” national backbone network, with a focus on the dci high-capacity network of intelligence networks, with data networks based on broad access advantages and 10 m to 400g elasticity.
Bandwidth carriers continue to enhance the power of the connectivity block chain. Reflected in cost control, company network operations and support costs have remained stable, depreciation and amortization have declined slightly over the first half of last year, and we believe that the company’s Māori rate will improve steadily throughout the year.
Future outlook: Continued growth in double-digit profits and decline in total capital expenditure. For the 2024 \triangleright business performance outlook, companies strive to achieve robust income growth and pre-tax profits double-digit growth.
The Division’s performance growth is expected to remain high in the industry, with a sustained increase in future roe-score ratios and a “buy-in-a” rating. The risk of a decline in the value of mobile, broadband operations arpu.
\triangleright completes the penetration of high-value 5g users, and the rate of increase in moving arpu values will slow down in the future. If the 5g flow increases less than expected or if the integrated information business does not develop as expected, arpu will have a downside risk.
The risk of an increase in the growth rate of new and emerging operations such as Connect Clouds. The addup of \triangleright revenue to the network is more than 50% in 2023, and the increase in connection cloud revenue is 42% lower in 2023 than in the previous year, if the cloud calculates the market.
There is a risk of a decline in the pace of new business growth as a result of intense competition and less-than-expected expansion of data services. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or trust in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.