Cross-line operations have continued to grow, and financial cost savings have contributed to rising performance, as reported in the mid-2024 reporting of the mid-2024 reporting of the mid-2024 reporting of the mid-2024 reporting of the first six months of corporate operating income of $20.860 billion.
This represents an increase of 8.2 per cent over the same period and a net return to the mother of $6.36 billion, or 23.8 per cent over the same period, of which 10.76 billion, or 4.0 per cent, was earned by the company in the second quarter, and 3.39 billion, or 16.6 per cent, over the same period.
The volume of on-line traffic has declined, and cross-line operations have continued to grow by a million times, down 1.1 per cent from the same year, with trans-line vehicles operating 485.02 million miles, an increase of 7.9 per cent from the same year, and the JFK-controlled line train operating 1.884 million miles from the same date.
The growth in corporate operations in the first half of the year was largely driven by cross-line vehicles, which increased the volume of cross-line operations.
Costs include only energy expenditures and commissioning fees associated with cross-line vehicles, with relatively limited incremental costs, with corporate operating costs of $10.98 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of only 1.83 per cent over the same period. At the cost end, companies have significantly reduced their financial costs to only 9.3 per cent as a result of reduced borrowing and lower macro interest rates.
The highest/minimum price in 52 weeks was significantly reduced by JFK, thanks to an increase in business volume and a significant increase in JFK's revenue, along with a cost base.
The decline in financial costs, which together contributed to the further recovery of the profits of JFK, is very close to the balance of gains and losses. China’s Railway Investment Group is limited.
We continue to appreciate the trend towards growing business as a core of political and economic centres, against a backdrop of growing railway passenger flows, as well as the fact that the company will gradually lose its profits in the future, which is expected to be the net return of the company in 2024-2026, respectively.
The increase in passenger traffic has been less than anticipated, the associated transaction costs have been higher than anticipated, and the data used in this report have been derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, has sought to be independent, objective and equitable. The findings of the report are not shared with other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.