In the first half of 2024, the Kyoyotaka announced that it had achieved business income of $20.86 billion in the first half of 2024.
In the first half of 2024, there was a strong domestic recovery in rail passenger traffic, which reached 2.10 billion passengers in the country, an increase of 18.4 per cent compared to the steady recovery of the country’s railway passenger demand.
High, with greater macroeconomic impact, has led to a 1.1% drop in the number of passengers on the front-line train in the first half of the year, ranging from a maximum price of 52 weeks/minimum prices to 24.790 million. The volume of cross-line train traffic has continued to grow steadily, with Kyogi in the first half of the year.
Cross-line train operations were completed by 48.502 million miles, an increase of 7.9% over the same period last year; the JFW train operated by 1.8984 million miles, an increase of 10.5% over the same period last year. Mäori rates continued to improve in the second quarter, and JFK continued to contract losses.
Significant repairs to passenger traffic and train traffic were made at a fixed cost, and corporate profitability continued to rise, reaching a gross profit rate of 48.5% in the second quarter, an increase of 3.0 pct and 2.3 pcc over the same period. The cost end, the size of the long-term borrowing, led to a decrease in the financial cost rate of 1.8 pct.
In the medium-to-long term, Kyoto is the nuclear asset of our railway group, with greater profitability, robust operation and low risk, and the gradual marketing of high-priced irons opens the way for future growth in the performance of the public administration. In addition, the location of the subsidiary, Jingfuan's Insignia, is highly superior.
"Kyoto Iron (601816.sh) - Rapid repair of high iron passenger transport needs, three-quarter performance.
The intersection between the roads and the east and west routes has a good passenger flow base, and future profit growth is still significant.
In the first half of 2024, domestic railway passenger traffic recovered markedly, with a national railway passenger traffic of 2.10 billion people, an increase of 18.4 per cent over the same period.
Against a background of steady recovery of demand, the high number of business people travelling along the line in Kyoto is more affected by macroeconomics, resulting in a 1.1 to 24.790 million drop in the number of passengers on the main train in the first half of the year. The volume of cross-line traffic is still growing steadily, with 48.502 million miles in the first half of the year, compared to last year.
During the same period, there was a 7.9% increase; 18,984,000 miles of line train operations were completed by JFK, compared to 10.5% during the same period last year; Mäori rates continued to improve in the second quarter, and JFK sustained a narrowing of losses.
At the end of the cost side, long-term borrowing has been reduced by 1.8 pct, which has led to a decrease in financial cost. The subsidiary, JFK, has lost about $148 million in the first half of the year, resulting in a loss of about $148 million.
In the medium-to-long term, Kyoto is the core asset of our railway group, with greater profitability, robust operation and low risk, and the gradual marketing of high-tech pricing to provide scope for future growth in the company's performance. In addition, the location of the subsidiary Jingfu Ang is significant, with long triangle lines.
The significant transport support of the chemical demonstration areas, which are at the crossroads of the “eight-and-eight” north-south and east-west corridors, has a good passenger flow base, and there is still greater potential for future profitable growth.
Figure 4: Performance of high-speed iron quarterly rates Investment proposal: maintenance of a “better than the big city” rating Railway passenger flow growth below expectations, price adjustments below expectations, security incidents
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject