General computer equipment, purple light (000938.sz)
M & As costs affect short-term profits and 2025ai kinetic energy continues to be strong Market data: 22 May 2025, the ratio of financial costs to server operations of the three Xinhua minority equity acquisitions resulted in 2024q4 and an increase in server operations.
\triangleright's Māori ratio is 17.39%, mainly due to the continued increase in the revenue of the i server, the structural increase in the income of Internet customers and the decline in the Māori rate of overseas operations.
The city, which has now passed a Board of Directors resolution, is expected to optimize the capital structure and reduce the debt burden. Moreover, the size of Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua has continued to expand, and overseas operations have increased at a remarkable rate. In 2024 Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua achieved a revenue of 55,074 million yuan, compared to 6.04 per cent, and China ' s internal affairs businesses received $44,239 million, compared to 10.96 per cent.
In the first quarter of 2025, Xinhua III achieved $15,295 million, or 26.07 per cent.
Of this amount, 1.2255 million yuan was earned by domestic enterprises, compared with 37.49 per cent, and the demand for server procurement by domestic Internet clients and government enterprises increased significantly: 1,051 million yuan was earned by international operations, compared with 71.83 per cent, and the number of certified overseas partners exceeded 2,900 in each country and region.
In terms of inventory and contractual liabilities, the revenue growth of the 2025 server is either dynamic or strong, and the company needles are well-placed for national production. In the first quarter of 2025, the company’s inventory was valued at $43.7 billion.
The uncertainty of the policy is that companies and downstream customers are actively engaged in chip preparation and order advance payments, and don't make reserve movements and order advance payments. We remain optimistic about the growth of domestic ai servers and the investment of government clients, and on the one hand, we have a new version of the chip that is being rolled out as soon as possible, or the main one, in line with the state-of-the-art compliance requirements.
To locate the price of reasoning, on the other hand, as countries such as 910c produce chips, home-grown numeracy ecologies accelerate to mature, with huge future replacement space. In 2024, the company’s United Nations production cpu, gpu partners took full advantage of the National Production and Construction Agency’s opportunities and successfully landed in several nationally produced Vanka smart clusters.
Market opening has a unique competitive advantage because of the company’s ability to package soft hardware such as the “Big Model of the Peripheral Pulse” and the “Aiinfra” platform. After spring 2025, the company introduced new products such as the linseercube single machine (deepseek version), covering a full-parameter version of the model.
Government, education, health, finance, and multi-sector privatization of enterprises are now on the ground. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment proposals: We believe that companies operate well and benefit fully from domestic arithmetic investment, and that the short-term debt burden of M & As may affect profit release, and recommend that attention be paid to h-stock listing progress.
Risks: High performance gpu chip import controls have led to a decline in server revenue: the ratio of non-operator operations has led to a decline in the Māori ratio as a result of an increase in the ratio of business; exchange rate fluctuations, extension of purchasing options or additional borrowings have resulted in a reasonable basis for financial costs. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not, for no reason, nor will it be recommended specifically in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.