q1 Xinhua triple income up, short-term income pressure \triangleright \triangleright \
Growth of 19.30 per cent; net cash flow from operating activities - $841 million, a significant improvement over the same period last year: \triangleright billion yuan, an increase of 6.04 per cent over the same period, and sub-operations: 1) revenue from domestic enterprises increased by 44.239 billion yuan, an increase of 10.96 per cent over the same period;
The company speeded up the deployment of overseas markets, with H3c branded products and services in international business earning 959 million yuan, an increase of 69.35 per cent over the same period. The company’s income of 25q1 grew faster, Xinhua and Xinhua earned $15.295 billion.
The stock, contract liabilities and short-term performance have continued to grow, and the company ' s liability for 25q1 contracts has increased by $18.7 billion, compared with the increase in inventory over the 24-year period. We judge that the contract liability has increased significantly, mainly as a result of the company ' s downstream customers.
We have a strong demand and a strong customer stock under a chip blockade, and an adequate number of company-ai server orders; an increase in stock, and we've judged that the company is actively preparing to counter chip supply chain uncertainties and demand expectations. The company's short-term industry, 1. Purple Light (000938.sz) is expected to report on the third quarter of 2024.
q3 performance growth robustly, “calculus-by-connection” deepening net profit burden, mostly due to financial costs, etc. The company's Māori rate for 24 years is 2.23%, a decrease of 2.21pt compared to the previous year;
410.87% long to 386 million yuan, mainly due to increased interest costs and exchange losses, plus reduced interest income. Xinhua reported a round-the-clock evaluation in 24 years: robust performance, enhanced financing by operators and international promotions. To deepen the corporate globalization strategy, speed up overseas business development.
To strengthen the company ' s capital, the company ' s board of directors adopted a bill on the listing of h shares.Investment proposal: the company is expected to benefit from the arithmetic needs of the company as the ict leader, while accelerating overseas expansion of 5. Purple shares (000938.sz) in the semi-annual 2023 reporting point
Assessment: steady growth in performance, rapid growth in Xinhua III operators and international operations - 2023/08/27 Research findings in methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.