Purple glimmers (000938.sz) q1 registered a 22 per cent increase in the same year in 2025, continuing deep-farming “calculus and connectivity” Purple glimmers total operating income of $79.024 billion in 2024, an increase of 2.2 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers
The company’s main business, which has grown steadily, has been in step with the domestic international market, with product markets continuing to outpace. (1) In 2024, the company’s revenue from its infrastructure and services operations was 54,459 million yuan, an increase of 5.73 per cent, or 68.91 per cent.
The company speeded up the deployment of overseas markets, with a number of internationally traded H3c branded products and services consistently leading the market (idc data). The company's share in the China Enterprise Net Park Exchange market was 38.2%, ranking first, and in China's Ether Net exchange 31.1%, ranking second;
The market share of China x 86 servers was 12.6%; the market share of China ' s blade servers was 54.4%; the product structure changed with a slight decline in the Māori rate; companies began to reduce efficiency gains. The ratio of white brand products that companies worked with cloud producers increased, resulting in a 3.3 pct decline in the Māori combined rate of companies in 2024.
The Division continuously optimizes its organizational structure, strengthens cost management, and improves operational efficiency, in 2024, corporate sales/pipes.
(1) In the application of aigc, the company actively promoted the integration of large models into industry scenes, resulting in multiple scenes such as "ai+ Purple Shares (000938.sz) - Increased Overseas Outreach, Deployment of the I-Industry Digital Government", "ai+Digital Medicine" and "ai+Data Enterprises" in government, government, government, government, etc.
In the first half of 2023, the net profit from the return of purple (000938.sz) was increased by the same year, and the breakdown of business, medical care, media etc. was demonstrated. (2) In terms of arithmetic, the success of the firm Purple (000938.sz) - the acquisition of 39% of Xinhua shares has progressed.
The company's “aiinall” program helps companies to continue to benefit from the industry.
Investment proposals: the company acquired Xinhua ' s 330 per cent equity in 2024 (81 per cent of current holdings). Bank loans and a single-season revenue of $20.79 billion in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 22.25 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $349 million, a decrease of 15.75 per cent in the same year.
Figure 3: The share of purple light is attributed to the mother ' s net profit and the rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) The company ' s main business of ict continues to grow in double digits, domestic and international operations go hand in hand, and the market position continues to be ahead. (1) Corporate ict infrastructure and services revenues in 2024 amounted to 54,459 million yuan, an increase of 5.73 per cent.
The primary operator of the ict operation, Xinhua San (the Utility Holdings subsidiary), contributed to the increase. Xinhua collected Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua shares Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua shares Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua shares Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua
The company speeded up the layout of its overseas market, and the international market for H3c branded products and services continued to take the lead (idc data). The company's share of the market in China's enterprise net garden exchange was 38.2%, ranking first; the market share in China's Ether exchange was 31.1%, ranking second; and China's server city x86
The market share of China ' s blade servers is 54.4 per cent, and the market is the largest in the United States.Figure 5: Income structure of the company ' s main business (in billions of yuan) Figure 6: Contribution of the company ' s domestic and overseas operations to revenue (in %)
Changes in product structure have resulted in a slight decline in the Māori ratio; companies have started to reduce efficiency gains. The increase in the white card production ratio with cloud producers has resulted in a 3.3 pct decline in the combined Māori ratio. At the same time, companies have continued to optimize their organizational structure, strengthen cost management, improve operational efficiency, and sales/management/research and development costs have fallen by 3.3 per cent/26.3 per cent (9.6 per cent) compared to the previous year.
Overall cost for the three periods decreased by 7.2 per cent over the same period, as shown in figure 7: Māori ratio of purple shares, changes in net interest rates, Figure 9: Operating cash flow of purple shares
Figure 10: Utility share asset liabilities The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future