(for the first time) Income and profits have increased steadily, and the Māori rate has risen continuously
Income from video surveillance products from liurunming@dgzq.com.cn has grown steadily and innovation has grown rapidly. The company achieved income of 2.540 billion in 2017, an increase of 75.06 per cent in engineering work; and income from smart household (fluorite) businesses of 1.09 billion, an increase of 1.09 billion.
114.87 per cent long, becoming the company ' s first profitable innovation business; robotics, auto electronics, storage, $936.5 million, an increase of 32.95 per cent over the same period, with the overall business growing faster. As companies maintain high levels of input in R & D and marketing networks, the cost of companies rose continuously over the two reporting periods, 2017.
The annual and first quarter of 2018 net return profit increases by 26.77 per cent and 22.64 per cent respectively, respectively, are lower than the rates collected during the same period. The increase in the cost of increased R & D, distribution of network inputs and exchange losses has been higher. In 2017, the total M & A rate was 44 per cent, an increase of 2.41 percentage points compared to the previous product.
In terms of cost control, the company’s sales rates, management rates, and financial fees increased in 2017 and its research and development inputs increased at a higher rate, while losses on corporate exchange increased significantly. “aicloud” broke through the cloud computing architecture bottlenecks, creating a network of intellectuals.
It's seminal to suggest aicloud structures for cloud-side integration, consisting of three levels: marginal nodes (data capture and front end processing), marginal domains (data compilation, storage, processing and application) and cloud centres (data integration and big data analysis). The architecture allows for both marginal calculations and needs-based concentration.
The weight isomer data, based on meeting the rapid operational response needs, significantly reduce the traditional cloud racks, which are under enormous pressure in terms of network bandwidth, storage resources, computing capabilities, etc. Corporate cameras, products that are important data portals in the network, combined with the new advantages of the aicloud architecture, are expected to be available.
According to the ihs report, Heiconway is the world’s leading video surveillance industry for six years, with 21.4% of the market share of global visual surveillance, and as the leader of the security industry, the company has not confined its development layout to video surveillance.
The fluorescent Internet operation for smart families and smart businesses reached more than 1 billion in 2017, making the first profit, and by the end of 2017, the equipment connected to the fluorescent cloud reached 28 million, with more than 20 million users. In addition, in 2017, the company released two machine products (automatic forklifts, grab robots) and several industrial drones; in the electronics of cars, video, millimeter radar, etc.
Backloading of stand-alone products and smart driving of adas preloads are rolled out consecutively; in storage, multi-sector and consumer-level storage products are fast breaking the market. The rapid growth of many of the company’s innovative operations is expected to add value to the growth of the company in the future.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.