Video security taps are growing healthy, and the fluorescent business is profitable for the first time.
Gross operating income rose by 31.22 per cent over the same period by $41,955 million; net profits by $9,411 million, and by 26.77 per cent over the same period.
The same-year increase of 32.95 per cent: net profit of $1,816 million, or 22.64 per cent, was recorded. Business income continued to grow, and the Māori rate continued to rise.
The front-end products continued to perform brightly, growing by 32.80 per cent in the same year, and became one of the biggest drivers of corporate performance: back-end products and central control products grew by 18.35 per cent and 27.21 per cent, respectively, further supporting the video security industry following the country's introduction of the Snowlight Project.
We believe that the company will continue to grow in the coming years as a global champion of video security, whether based on the policy environment for the better or on domestic and foreign city ownership. The overall Māori ratio has increased by 2.41 over 17 years.
The company’s business strategy has shifted from the size of the assessed income to the quality of the tested income; (2) increased sales revenue from high-end products such as the ii, slower growth of products such as low-morigin hardware, and changing the structure of the Māori ratio. We believe that the company has a leading scale effect and is responsive to security of intelligence.
The growth of innovative business has accelerated, and the first profits have been realized. The company’s five major innovations in 17 years have accelerated, bringing total revenue to $1,655 million, an increase of 151.57 per cent.
The company will continue to grow in the future, and it is expected to become a new profit-making growth point. The share of R & D investment will be stable, and marketing networks will be increased.
1. 2018 Computer Investment Strategy Report: 37,000 people, with R & D accounting for 7.62% of revenue, the same period as the previous year. The company continues at the top of the tide and continues to look at artificial intelligence for 18 years.
Acculoud-based product R & D layout, which will continue in the area of solutions and algorithms 2. Galaxy Securities Computer Industry Weekly Report: Ai Innovation has maintained a leading position. Sales costs have increased by 48.10% over the year, mainly because companies continue to do so.
Companies have been concerned about cloud-side integration of artificial intelligence from the domestic distribution market to the project market, and about expanding and increasing investment in the foreign project market. We expect that the cost of sales will remain high for some time to come.