An industry-wide chain expands, with acrylic tap having a 52-week maximum/minimum price. The company is a domestic acrylic industry leader with a full-chain advantage.
Listed companies with an integrated chain of c3 industries are also the largest producers of acrylic acid in the country.
Supply-side reforms, environmental additions, and increased industrial concentration. The implementation of domestic supply-side reforms, the strategic positioning of national eco-civilization, the phasing out of low-yielding capacity in the chemical industry are imperative, industry concentration will increase further in the future, and leading firms will continue to benefit from industrial restructuring.
Zhejiang Satellite Holdings Ltd. Technology innovation, precision farming, downstream product flowering results. Companies not only reduce costs for continuous technology development in acrylic acid and related downstream industries, develop sap materials autonomously over the years, fill them up.
Domestic voids, domestic front-line brands, sales in 2017 increased by more than 300% on a year-on-year basis. Investment in the ethylene chain is expected to lead to a two-way development of acrylic ethylene, no company will complete a 2.5 million tons annual ethylene fission device, coupled with polyethylene,
Downstream devices such as ethylene oxide/ethylene diol, acetylene acetylene, etc., are expected to invest $19.5 billion in one phase and are expected to become operational by 2020. The company ' s production capacity has expanded steadily over the years and has grown well.
Li Dynasty Song, 18 Angkor Maesan Road, Anhui Province, China. Part 1 of the domestic acrylic acetylate tap, focused on the c3 chain of industry.
The Zhejiang satellite petrochemical was established in August 2005 as a high-molecular emulsion, followed by the construction of a set of 40,000 tons of acrylic acid upstream of the industrial chain in the textile industry based on the Lake Hangja plains in the 1990s.
Installation, construction of an additional 160,000 tons of acrylic acid devices in 2009, ipo on the market by the end of 2011, company start construction of 30,000 tons of sap phase units after listing and start production in 2014, and another 21,000 tons of paint intermediates project, company active innovation and technological adaptations, and modification of the traditional pigment intermediate process
In 2012, a 450,000-ton pdh device was purchased with over-funds, the country ' s first pdh device using uop technology, with 320,000 tons of acrylic acid and 300,000 tons of acrylic butyl ester. After several years of accumulation and development, the company became the country ' s leader.
Listed companies with a c3 industrial chain integration and the largest Acid production enterprise in the country have now achieved ' coverage of acrylic, polypropylene, acrylic and esters, high molecular emulsions, pigments intermediates, sap whole-chain production capacity for products of: acrylic 450,000 tonnes/year; acrylic acid 480,000 tonnes/year; acrylic acid 450,000/year; high
Molecular emulsions 210,000 tonnes/year; sap (high-sorting resin) 90,000 tonnes/year; pigment intermediates 21,000 tonnes/year. Zhejiang satellite petrochemicals Ltd., controlling shares in Zhejiang satellite holding 43.62 per cent of shares in Zhejiang satellite holding shares, and companies actually controlling Yang Weidong (21.81 per cent of shares) and
The second part of the income is growing steadily, with a steady expansion of production capacity, which is 77% and 602%, with a return of 0.81 yuan per share. The company benefits mainly from a significant improvement in its performance.
Downstream demand has grown significantly, along with supply side reforms, environmental regulations have become more stringent, industry concentration has increased, 2.1 businesses have been growing steadily year by year, and from financial data over the past eight years, there has been a steady increase in satellite petrochemical revenues for two reasons, on the one hand.
As a result of steady domestic economic growth, downstream consumption also showed a steady trend of steady growth, on the one hand, and as a result of the gradual expansion of new production capacity and new projects in the past few years by satellite petrochemicals, on the other, which ensured stable growth in output at the supply end, on the other hand, there was an orderly expansion of the capacity of 2.2 enterprises and a gradual extension of the industrial chain.
Satellite petrochemicals have largely benefited from the initial phase from the well-developed market in the textile industry in the East of China, starting with acrylic acid, entering the chain of fibres upstream, and maintaining the capacity of 160,000 tons of acrylic acid until they are listed. After the 2011 market, businesses have started a steady expansion of production. The acquisition of polycylene in 2012 acquired 450,000 tons of acrylic capacity and started production in 2014.
The product structure was also enriched in 2012 with acrylic acids, methylpropyl acids, high molecular emulsions and pigments. Three projects (propylene, acrylic acid, acrylic esters) from the flat lake base were gradually put into production in 2014, so the company’s operating income increased considerably when the company’s operating income could see a 14-year drop in the price of chemicals.
In 2016, there was an increase in the production capacity of high molecular emulsions and pigments intermediates, and 16 years of income, driven by rising chemical prices. The polypropylene project, which entered the company ' s foreign fund-raising campaign in 2017, was launched. The tons of dioxygen water project will be produced in 2018.
In addition, the pilot industry park project for the annual production of 4 million tons of acrylic hydrocarbons is in the process of approval of the project, and the investment in the project shows that satellite petrochemicals are being used to stabilize the chain of the strong acrylic acid industry while actively expanding the horizontal industrial chain development, which will significantly increase the size of the enterprise and move the company to a new level.
2.3 Crude oil is highly volatile and corporate profits are affected. The main product of the satellite petrochemicals is the acrylic industrial chain product, which is important in petrochemicals, and the price is fine-tuned by oil prices. At the macro level, profits in the chemical industries are closely linked to crude oil prices, and the price of crude oil is rising.
Demonstrating that demand is better than supply, and that companies benefit from better profits for their chemical raw materials producers. Conversely, the fall in the price of the original oil shows that supply is surplus to demand, that the start-up rate of the enterprise is low, that the inventory is impaired and that the profits of the enterprise are reduced, so that chemical industries are often cyclically characterized by the effects of commodity prices.
The state of business is influenced by the level of corporate governance, the industry position of the company, national industrial policy, etc. Satellite petrochemicals are clearly influenced by crude oil prices, as can be seen from historical profit and crude oil graphs, with firm net profits growing during the five-year cycle of crude oil rise in 2008-2013, and oil prices falling sharply in 2014 and corporate profits in 2015.
In 2016, the price of crude oil at the macro level stabilized and resumed rising. After 15 years of losses, micro-based companies experienced a combination of a 15-year deficit, and a two-fold reduction in the company’s stock of upstream raw materials and downstream products.
The Ministry has strengthened fine management by establishing a coordinating group for acrylic acids and esters and decision-making groups for the procurement of bulk raw materials to ensure that acrylic acids and esters are efficiently coordinated across the procurement, production and marketing chain, that marketing strategies are developed and adjusted in a timely manner, that decision-making rates are effectively improved, that costs are minimized through a rational allocation of production and marketing, and that spaces are seized at low points in the industry and that cities are raised
Field occupancy rates. At the same time, cost controls at the source of the procurement were captured, market trends were analysed through large-scale material procurement decision-making groups, and procurement costs for propane and butol were effectively reduced through a combination of contract and spot purchases. This led to a significant recovery in net profits by the company in 2016 and 2017.
In the third crude oil recovery cycle, the Acrylic industrial chain benefits 3.1 Acrylic prices follow the cyclical changes in crude oil prices: propane, tricarbon hydrocarbons, chemical type c3h8 and structure simple ch3ch2ch3.
When crude oil or natural gas is processed, it can get propane from the finished oils. Protein is used as fuel for engines, barbecued foods, and domestic heating systems, and can also be used as a feedstock for the production of acrylic. Protein is mainly from crude oil and natural gas, from geological detection, exploration and production to refining, transport to storage, and then to final consumption.
Like other commodities, the oil industry is generally divided into three main areas: upstream, central and downstream. The main task of “upstream” is to extract underground oil, which includes three main links: surveying, development and production; and “midstreaming” is primarily for oil storage, which includes transportation, storage, etc.
The bulk of the chain: “downstream” consists mainly of three main components: refining oils, chemicals, and sales, in which chemical light oils, which are high molecular synthesis materials, are an important pillar of the materials industry and provide the vast majority of organicization.
The impact of crude oil prices on downstream chemical products is evident in large industrial systems and chains. The trend in crude oil prices is clearly cyclical, with several major factors influencing, firstly, the state of global economic development, the state of economic development, which directly determines the demand for crude oil downstream, and is the main driving force behind changes in crude oil prices. Second, upstream supply.
Other macro-factors, such as geopolitics, financial markets, can, in the short term, exacerbate the cyclical volatility of oil prices by temporarily affecting the supply and demand of crude oil. Global economic development is uneven, and economic development itself.
There is a certain cyclicality in which crude oil, as the most important commodity, is driven inherently by conflicting supply and demand, where the primary consumption of crude oil is determined by the cyclical changes in the demand for crude oil in the cost country's economic cycle, and the geopolitical complexity and variability of the oil-producing country also influences changes in supply and therefore combines the two sides.
The price implications for downstream chemicals are significant, and the following graph shows that the price of acrylic is highly correlated with the price of crude oil. 3.2 Shale gas revolution raises the production advantage of pdh (1) Acrylic profile
Acetylene is the basic raw material for three types of synthetic materials, mainly for polypropylene, acetylene, isopropanol, acetone and epoxypropane. Acrylate is a non-colourable and slightly sweet gas at the temperature. Ice point - 185.3 °C, boiling point - 47.4 °C. Insoluble water, organic solvents are a low toxic substance.
Acetylene is a high concern in the market. It is produced through a range of important acetylene derivatives, including polypropylene, epoxypropanes, acrylic acids and esters, butoconeol, acetone, acetylene, acetylene, acetylene and ethanol.
Acetylene derivatives are used as intermediates or basic raw materials for new materials and fine chemical products, through further processing, for the production of synthetic resins, synthetic fibres, synthetic rubber, polyurethane and a variety of fine chemicals, and end up being widely used in all aspects of industrial production and people ' s lives.
One of the most effective ways to improve the economic efficiency of relevant petrochemical enterprises is the production of polypropylene, with acrylic acrylene, isopropanol, phenol and acetone, butanol and octanol, acrylic acid and its lipids, as well as the production of epoxypropanes and propylene, chloropropanes and synthetic glycerine.
(ii) Procylene production process Current processes commonly used to produce acetylene include: a, traditional pyrocephalic oil fission or lpg fission ethylene, acetylene;
b. Coal (methanol)-based acetylene (cto), methanol-based acetylene/propene (mto/mtp); c, propane dehydrate acetylene (pdh); d, refinery acetylene (fcc).
Both propane dehydration and coal-based acetylene have increased by 2% in 16 years. The pdh, pdh phase used in satellite petrochemicals has a clear environmental and cost advantage over coal-based and oil-based routes and is currently breaking traditional energy patterns, gas production has risen, prices have fallen, oil and gas prices have fallen, and low prices for liquefied gas are low due to innovations in shale gas technology in the United States.
The cost of low-cost propane raw materials will be lower in the long run, making the pdhpropane dehydrate route less expensive than the graphite oil route. 3.2 Acid downstream applications are widespread, and consumption upgrades demand space Acid is an important organic synthetic material and synthetic resin monomer, a propylene monomer with a very fast rate of polymerization.
Pure acrylic acids are non-colour-clarified liquids, soluble with water, alcohol, ethers and chloroform, prepared by acrylics, with extensive applications and good applications for the future. Acrylic acids and acrylic acids can be concentrated together, and their polymers are used in industrial sectors such as synthetic resins, synthetic fibres, high-sorbent water resins, construction materials, paints, etc. Acrylic acids are important for water solubility polymers.
One of the raw materials, a super-high water absorbent produced in conjunction with the starch branch, the country ' s ability to produce acrylic acids has increased significantly in recent years, but the rate of start-up has also declined overall, so that the development of the industry as a whole has remained stable.
The rapid development of domestic construction, textiles, and packaging materials has been the driving force behind the development of the Chinese market for acrylates. As the chemical fibre and textile apparel industry has developed and the ability to consume products has been enhanced, high-end textile masts, coatings and glues for processing have been used for acrylic esters.
China’s packing materials industry is growing rapidly, and its demand for acrylic glues is increasing. 3.4 Economic recovery improves the supply and demand of acrylic acids, and the supply side reform support industry is concentrated.
3.4.1 Global economic recovery + the decline in production contributed to a return to the upward cycle of crude oil The impact of crude oil prices is complex and varied, the internal power of commodities is influenced by the supply-demand relationship, the supply of crude oil from the supply end-opec organization takes the lead, as can be seen from the relationship between crude oil production and crude oil prices, the production of open-source oil to prices
The impact is clear, with the significant increase in crude oil production starting in 13 years, crude oil has been on the rise until the end of 15 years, after which crude oil production has begun to decline in the same year, and crude oil prices have recovered. As the world’s second largest oil consumer, China’s demand is also critical to the impact of crude oil prices, from crude oil production to crude oil production.
The curve in relation to China ' s demand is more consistent, reflecting in part the direct impact of China ' s demand on production in the primary oil-producing areas, while China ' s demand is determined by the economic fundamentals of China. From the correlation between the demand for crude oil and the relative increase in China ' s secondary sector, gdp, the general trend in China ' s demand for crude oil is broadly similar to that of China ' s secondary sector, gdp.
With China, the United States, the euro zone gdp, and the BRICS, with the exception of India, are growing better than in the same period last year. Trump’s coming to power will boost the recovery of the United States, which is the main force of the global economy. With China’s Internet, artificial intelligence, etc., booming industries, high-speed railways, etc.
The network promotes urban mobility, and the structural transformation of the economy will become more smooth and lead to high-quality growth, which will help China maintain stable growth in the medium to long term. The World Bank expects global gdp to grow at a pace of demand in 2017/18/19, crude oil prices will continue to favour a rising cycle in the future, and domestic chemicals will continue to be in the process of industrial recovery.
3.4.1 Supply-side reforms + environmental additions to promote concentration of production capacity to leading enterprises (1) Supply-side reforms contribute to higher-quality growth in production from the supply side and, as the domestic economy grows in recent years, production of acrylates has also increased steadily, but from acrylic prices
Gradually, the price impact of production is not obvious, mainly because prices are at the end of demand in addition to supply. But the gradual growth of production suggests that firms are expanding their capacity in a profitable manner, which affects industry profits to some extent, so that, in the larger cycle, as production rises, the production of acrylic is profitable.
Ryo also moved out of the low shock, but at the same time there was a need to focus heavily on the country ' s macro-regulation policies, supply-side reforms and environmental policies that began in 2016, which significantly improved the profits of the chemical industry, and why production was increasing in the supply-side context, because official statistics mostly consisted of production data for large and medium-sized enterprises, and for small amounts scattered around the country.
Data on types of enterprises are difficult to include, and often the poor environmental performance of small enterprises, concentration of products at the lower end, irrational product structure, excessive competition in an irregular manner, resulting in low profits for the entire industry, which is inconsistent with the country ' s promotion of improved real economic quality and efficiency, and the larger orientation of the real economy ' s transformation, so that the backward capacity of large numbers of small enterprises is a demand for supply-side reforms.
The phase-out target, with an unprecedented 16-year 17-year supply-side reform and implementation of environmental protection measures and effective policy implementation, has resulted in little change in production data, but significant improvements in industry profits. In terms of price differentials between acrylic acid and acrylic acid, the period of acrylic acid decline was mainly in 2014-2016, on the one hand, and internationally on the other.
Oil prices fell sharply in the country in 2014-2015, mainly as a result of the growing production of oec while the technological innovation in shale oil in 2014 led to lower costs of shale oil mining, a sharp increase in production capacity, and a change in the pattern of oil prices in countries that used to be led by oec. On the other hand, it was also a period of rapid expansion of domestic production capacity, supply between 14 and 16 years.
There is a serious excess. As the supply side reform in 2016 left the market behind, the acrylic acid industry gained profits. Figure 20: Acrylic acid - acrylic price differentials (2) increased concentration in the industry, leaving the king.
Over the past few years, as a result of large supply growth, intense industrial competition and the country’s increasing environmental protection, a large number of backward production capacities have gradually been withdrawn from the market, industry concentration has gradually increased, and the first seven major enterprises have produced more than 70% of the sector’s output. In the future, industry concentration is expected to increase further as supply-side reforms continue.
The continued implementation of environmental policies has also led to a gradual rise in the threshold of additional capacity, leaving the future with the best and the best of the best, with the remaining high-quality companies enjoying both market opportunities and policy dividends. (3) Building eco-civilization, environmental protection, and high-quality production capabilities.
When Xi presented his eighteenth Central Committee report to the Party's nineteenth session, the term “ecological” was mentioned 39 times, “ecological civilization” was mentioned 12 times, integrating ecological civilization from a top-level perspective into the “Five Ones” general layout, with a constant emphasis on the promotion of the ecological environment and the protection and development of ecological civilization.
In 2016, 130.8 million cases of environmental offences were investigated, 12.47 million fines were imposed, 6,633 million yuan were fined, an increase of 34%, 28%, and 56%, respectively. Chemical enterprises that failed to manage the environment would be subject to strict State and social supervision, which would be used for some production purposes.
Low-level, poorly equipped, well-managed industries and small- and medium-sized enterprises will face significant regulatory pressures and business risks in the future. With continued structural reforms on the supply side, several chemical industries are likely to face a decline in output and supply in the near future.
Qualified firms will gain a comparative advantage in this process, exclusive access to the external benefits of poor-quality output exit, and rising product prices. At both the institutional and policy levels, environmental protection has become a priority for the present and the future, and the chemical industry, as a highly polluting industry, has fundamentally failed to return to the age of poor-quality production, and the industrial logic of the future is superior.
Competition between quality production capabilities, how to reduce costs and refine production on the basis of environmental compliance, technological innovation is not a necessary route to chemical industries, and satellite petrochemicals, as the domestic acrylic industry leader, will have a long-term industrial advantage.
Precursor Acrylic acid is acrylic, which is used downstream mainly for acrylic acid and other polyesters. Acrylic acid is used mainly in industry for the production of acrylic esters (lipids), which account for about 60% of total Acrylic acid consumption, and is used in such areas as construction, paper, leather, textiles, plastic processing, packaging materials, solar chemicals, water treatment, oil extraction, metallurgicals, etc.
Polypropene and acrylic co-polymer produced with acrylic acid are used as dispersants, condensants, and so on.Sap, coatings and building materials, glue demand account for the bulk of the acrylic acid demand.
The sap material is used mainly in the health supply sector, such as paper diapers, sanitary towels, etc., and with the implementation of the second-child policy, it will grow in 2017 as the number of newborns returns briefly. Our current daily use of paper diapers is only about 3.2 per day, compared to an average of 4.9 per day in Japan and 5.6 per day in developed countries in Europe and the United States.
As consumption habits change, per capita per capita penetration will continue to increase, with a 20-30% gap between our paper diapers and developed countries, and as penetration increases, so will average daily use of baby diapers, with great potential for future development. As people ' s living standards and disposable income rise, high-end brands will become more popular, baby.
The size of the mayor of baby paper diapers is expected to reach $48.5 billion in 2018. As the current policy of second-borns is liberalized and the country’s ageing population is large, the demand for baby paper diapers and adult urine is rising year by year, and future market demand for sap will increase indefinitely.
The sap industry is highly concentrated, mainstream suppliers are concentrated in foreign-owned enterprises, market patterns are not expected to change in the coming years, and mainstream international producers continue to expand their production capacity, indicating that there will still be high market demand at the high end of the future.
Domesticly autonomous research and development and production of materials, after several years of technological accumulation and innovative research and development, companies have reached international standards, and products have become suppliers to mainstream domestic and international paper-weeding companies, such as Hogen Fujian, Baby Shuba, and Beekon. In the future, companies will continue to position high-end companies into the European and American national standards system, and they can predict that they will become satellites in the future.
Good profit growth points in petrochemicals. (2) Glaciant demand analysis. Since glue is mainly used in various man-made panels, furniture, wood products, etc., the country has maintained an average of 7% per year in the past.
Growth at a rate of about 8 per cent at the end of demand, with future development objectives being to maintain an average annual production growth rate of 7.8 per cent, as planned in the 13th and 13th editions of glue, with a steady increase in production of downstream glue contributing to the price of upstream acrylic acid. (2) The paint market is supported by a steady increase in production.
Paints are another major demand market for acrylic acids, and our market production for paints has largely been increasing on a year-on-year basis, and while production of paints has declined over the past two years, attention can be paid to market structures, acrylic acids are used as water coatings, environmental stress and consumer health awareness have gradually increased in recent years, and water paints are about to rise at a high rate.
During the period of growth, water coatings were environmentally friendly, with markets in Japan and the European and American countries accounting for more than 60%, while our share was significantly lower, at less than 4%, so there is much room for future development. In recent years, the state has been struggling with environmental pollution, national environmental awareness, consumer behaviour changes, and energy-efficient and environmentally friendly paint paints are developing at an unprecedented rate.
For example, the Sunyang Group invested 1 million tons of new hydropaint industrial gardens, the Yunnan Paint Industry invested 1 billion yuan in new water paints, and Shandong in new 600,000 tons of water paints.
Both paints and glues are related to building materials, so the demand for real estate has a greater impact on acrylic acid. The price of acrylic acid and the graphics of real estate investment are clearly linked, and these are two aspects, first of all,
Building-related direct demand determines the size of upstream raw materials, and, secondly, the impact of real estate on overall commodity prices is evident today as the backbone of the country’s housing sector. So future trends in Acid prices can also focus on the pace of domestic real-estate investment.
The first publicly listed company in the country that owns the C3 industrial chain, and the largest producer of acrylic acid in the country. Acrylic acid and esters are the main point of view of the company’s profits, and the whole industry chain layout is the stabilizer of the company’s profits, the future.
Developments and bright spots lie in the expansion of productive capacity and the expansion of downstream high-value-added products.
At this pace, a new part of the production capacity is added every two years, gradually increasing the company’s size to become the country’s largest producer of acrylic acid.
The 220,000 tonnes Doxywater Expansion Project, which is slightly different from the existing plant processes in the company, will be less costly to produce, using improved processes. The project will result in a 67% increase in the capacity of the company acrylic acid and acrylic esters, further entrenching the domestic tap status of acrylic acid. As the company uses the propane dehydrazine production process, the production process will generate a significant amount of production.
Helium, helium dioxyhydrate devices can effectively use the waste hydrogen generated by propane dehydrocylene devices to increase corporate profits. Moreover, the company ' s additional high-value-added production capacity is further planned, with 60,000 tons of sap 3 and 200,000 high-molecular emulsions produced annually.
The market for acrylic acid will remain optimistic in the years to come. 4.2 Downstream product diversification, whole-chain advantages Corporate products are now distributed vertically along the industrial chain from upstream acrylic to intermediate, acrylic acid,
Polypropylene then goes downstream to high-molecular emulsions, sap, etc. The whole chain of products is organized in such a way as to protect against price fluctuations, the company can maximize its profits on the basis of the profits of the chain, and the whole chain of production can be arranged in such a way as to ensure that the raw materials are supplied without loss of production due to external supply.
Potential risks are high, and corporate profits will be significant if there is an excess supply of a single product. Satellite petropropylene is now used to produce polypropylene in addition to acrylic acid, and polypropylene projects can be well delivered as a regulatory valve for acrylic production, which can be used more for polypropylene production when the profits of acrylic acid are not ideal, so satellites are not.
Only production can be regulated between acrylic acid and acrylic acid, and production between acrylic acid and polypropylene. When it can be seen from the income structure, as a domestic acrylic tap, acrylic acid is the company’s main income, and in terms of the Māori ratio, downstream products have a higher profit margin for high molecular emulsions and pigments intermediates, but in the past, sap I
Directly unprofitable, mainly because the Sap project has a very long evaluation period, and it takes some years to get into the top-end client system, and the satellite has adopted a top-down strategy, sifting out a segment of the dispersed client base in 2015, leaving large and medium-sized high-quality clients, starting at the top, where the company's product is now on the international line.
In Germany, Bavov, Fortune, Japan's three most elegant, tactile, friend, and five universal production companies are only Baasf and tactile with their own acrylic acids, Bassov's saps are mainly supplied to Europe, and Japan's tactile saps are all supplied to the United States of America. Satellite petrochemicals have their own acrylic chains, and the products will be cheaper and more product-intensive.
The sap market has great potential, first of all, to open a second-child policy, to increase the number of new babies and children, to increase the use of children’s diapers, and secondly, to increase the prevalence of adult incontinents as a result of the ageing of the population.
The more older people need to use adult incontinents, and again, domestic market coverage is still low, compared to Europe and the United States and Japan, and with the rise in living standards and changes in attitudes, there is still a huge domestic market.
Cards, such as Fukugi, Baby Shuba, Bekang, etc., have been better sold in the United States, South America, South-East Asia, Europe, etc., and global distribution networks have been established simultaneously. 4.3 Focus on technological innovation and high R & D inputs
Satellites aim to be the best diversified chemical industry in China focused on technology and services, with companies focusing on technology and innovation, which are the main drivers of future development. Companies, on the one hand, have effectively reduced production costs through technological optimization and high start-up rates.
Material and technical problems, lack of quality and stability of products, and difficulties in accessing large domestic and foreign suppliers of health materials. The company has started sap research and development in 2008 and has been working through years of intensive research and development, financing, and has finally made breakthrough progress on sap products, working with mainstream national brands of paper diapers.
Two production lines are already in the decomposing stage. Research and development center sap-Bureau has made new progress, step by step with the Ministry of Drilling, which has developed products such as pulp, waterproofing agents, and thickening agents. The company’s technological upgrading and improved research and development will be the driving force behind the company’s subsequent development.
Chemical construction, on the one hand, to capture the leaders of the downstream fine chemical development and to actually build the satellite into the c3 industry chain. 4.4c2 industry horizontal layout, cross-cutting development.
The framework agreement provides that the company plans to invest a total of $33 billion in expanding production capacity to the c2 industry chain while further expanding the c3 industrial chain and achieving a horizontal breakthrough in the company’s industrial chain. The company will build 2.5 million tons of ethylene fission ethylene per year, equipped with downstream devices such as polyethylene, epoxy ethylene/ethylene diol, acetylene acetate, etc., and a 1.5 million tons of propane dehydration per year.
Hydrogen acetylene devices, accompanied by downstream devices such as polypropylene, epoxypropane, acrylene, acrylic acid, and esters. The project will be phased in.
The second stage of production consists of acetylene devices, ldpe devices, lldpe devices, eo/eg devices, etc. The second phase of production consists of acetene devices, ldpe devices, and eo/eg devices.
Given the company's 18 years and 19 years of new plant capacity, products such as downstream sap are on track, and in the future.