Building materials in the North (000786.sz)
“One”: Increased gypsum consumption properties, sustained downswing + amplification + seaboard market sizes of about $15-20 billion, with companies accounting for nearly 70% of the market (product calibre). In recent years, companies have been working to strengthen gypsum consumption properties, increase the layout of channels, and increase publicity.
The lead business continues to focus on: 1 drop, with a unit cost of 3.71 yuan per square metre in 2024, a decrease of 0.19 yuan per square metre in the same year; 2 expansions, “paste plus” operations such as light-powered steel bones, powder slurry, to be invested
The gypsum fibreboards built can be used for internal walls and partitions. 3 out of the sea, the company launched the global layout in 2017, accelerated in 2023, focusing mainly on the four major regions of South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe and the Mediterranean Sea, 2501 internationalized business income, net profit splits.
In 2019, the company set its strategic objective of “One Wing” and entered the field of waterproof materials operations through a joint reorganization. The company's waterproof rolls have earned up to the top 3 of the industry.
The bulk of the M&As were in construction coatings, and at the end of 2023, Gabriel was jointly restructured (share-share-to-ton industrial paints base). The total operating income for 2501 paints was $908 million, an increase of 111.44 per cent over the same period; the net profit was $44 million, an increase of 48.17 per cent over the same period.
The company introduced a restrictive equity incentive scheme based on a 2023 deduction of net profit from non-repatriation, risks, receivables fluctuations, etc.
1 One: Increased gypsum consumption properties, and continued future drops + amplification + seaboard 1.1 gypsum boards: companies account for nearly 70% of the market size of the gypsum in the country, about 15-20 billion yuan in the market, and companies account for nearly 70% of the market (production caliber).
In 2023, according to the Pasifika branch, the national production of cast boards was 3,213 million square metres, of which 2,165 million square metres were produced by companies, with 67.38 per cent of the corresponding municipalities. The average price of the sale of cast plates by reference companies in 2023 was $6.34 per square metre, with a national market size of approximately $20.370 billion. Given that North New is dominated by high-middle-end and high prices, the cost of the cast board industry is lower than the North.
New, so we estimate the market capacity to be between $15 billion and $20 billion. In 2024, the company's cast board produced 2,166 million square metres, figure 2: the company's and the country's cast board production compared to the rate of increase.
The gypsum industry is highly correlated with the need for and the completion of buildings. The lower gypsum boards are used mainly in commercial and public buildings such as writing buildings, hotels, hotels, sports houses, industrial plants, and residential buildings, accounting for about 65% of the total, while the housing sector accounts for about 35%.
Since 2024, the construction of houses has continued to decline, with a cumulative decline of 16.9 per cent in April 2025.
The growing size of the new market will partly affect the impact of the flushing of new houses, and according to the Creary study, in 2024, 30 priority areas were sold in urban second-hand houses amounting to 230 million square metres, an increase of 6 per cent over the same period.
Figure 5: The main application of the cast board in our country is in the field of ceilings, where the wall is created in the field of ceilings, where the profits of the cardboard unit have declined slightly in recent years and are relatively stable. In 2019-2024, the combined rate of income of the cardboard increased by 3.56 per cent.
In 2024, cardboard revenues amounted to $13,107 million, a decline of 4.79 per cent over the same period. Prices fell mainly as a result of competition in the market.
The non-Thai Hill series of gypsum boards (with oem tags) is 0.3/m2, the decorative gypsum is 0.3/m2, and since March 5, 2025, with regard to consumer attributes, companies have raised the profile of their products by increasing their channel layout, raising the share of high-end products, increasing publicity, raising consumer awareness downstream, and accelerating the transformation of their products into consumer-type building materials. On the one hand, branding can be upgraded.
The premium, on the other hand, can increase market access in the domestic area (especially in retail, where foreign investment is more deeply embedded) (1) Strategicly: Companies attach great importance to the transformation of “public to domestic dress, city to county, base material to face, product to service.”
“Team climbing” programmes, etc., to boost the share of products at the end of the scale. (2) Channels: strong efforts to expand the domestic and county markets, in close collaboration with home-dressing companies, steady growth in retail sales in 2022 and in sales in counties: 144 per cent in 2023 and equal increases in sales in 2024.
(iii) In the category of goods: in order to expand home-loading channels, Tarzan launched the "Thai Hill bricks nine fully capable high-end gypsum boards"; in the joint design of the world's top fashion brands and the launch of the natural high-strategy Ivina series; in the full exploitation of the natural culture of Tarzan and the introduction of the "Thai Mountain Series" product; inspired by China's unique Xiao culture and Xiangxiangi, and inspired by the traditional paper cutting arts in China.
Launch of the high-end gypsum boards of the Twelve-Short Series. Chart 10: The 12-Short Series. Chart 9: The Imaging Mount Tarzan Series.
(4) At the end of 2020, Tarzan cast and China's well-known scheming company, Zhang, worked together to upgrade the corporate logo and recoup the core selling points of Tartar cast, using "two high-end gypsum boards for each sale in China, one is Tarzan" as a completely new ad and "China's super-line high-end gypsum".
In addition, and in full conjunction with the culture of Tarzan, an ad entitled “Safe with Tarzan,” has been introduced to accurately express the quality and occupancy of Tarzan casts, emphasizing their safe use by consumers. The company is synchronizing its efforts to expand the online channels below the line, which are designed to advertise large public spaces for human flows, a highly targeted construction market, customers' faces, outdoor walls, etc., while expanding.
On the cost side, raw materials and fuel power accounted for nearly 80% of the cost of the gypsum. In 2024, the cost of the gypsum was 53.34%, 24.90%, 9.47%, and 12.29% respectively.
The raw materials required for board production are mainly industrial by-product casts and face paper, the main energy sources being coal, power plant steam, natural gas face paper, which account for about 40% of the cost, and are a central factor in the cost of cast sheeting. The facepapers are used for cardboard production and are mainly made from secondary fibres (i.e., pulp from scrap paper), with oligopolistic patterns in the industry, with the top four enterprises.
Over 90% of total production capacity. Since 2023, the price of paper protection has declined as a whole, as a result of reduced domestic demand for paper products and adjustment of import policies.
On the other hand, the company produces 600,000 tons of cardboard protection paper for its own paper factory, the Thai and paper industry, and, in 2019, the company purchased 54.6 million tons of sheet protection paper, which corresponds to about 0.3 kg per square metre, according to which the annual production capacity of the Thai and paper industry is estimated to be about 2 billion m2 of what should be needed to meet the cost of the cardboard, which would guarantee most of the self-supply supply of Tarzan gypsum.
In the case of gypsum, the company uses the industrial by-product of the power plant to replace the natural gypsum, which not only reduces costs, but also pollution emissions, and the company's new production lines since 2003 have all been based on the industrial by-product gypsum.
By the end of 2023, the company deployed more than 100 production bases throughout the country, with close purchasing capacity and general procurement within a distance of 100 kilometres.
With regard to fuel, standard coal consumption in 2019 was about 0.55 kg/m2 for Thaksin spaste units, while electricity consumption was about 0.35 kWh/square m, and the company continued to reduce unit energy consumption by such means as fine management, improved processes, etc., such as a reduction in coal consumption of 0.01 kg/m2 in 2022 for dragons through the adaptation of the thermal wind system processes and reduced evaporation.
In addition, coal prices have continued to decline since 2024, and natural gas prices have declined. Chart 17: Coal prices have continued to decline since 2024 (in yuan/tons) Figure 18: Ing prices have declined since 2024 (in yuan/tons)
The cost of raw materials per unit is 1.98 yuan per square metre, or 0.20 yuan per square metre per year; the cost of fuel power per unit is 0.92 yuan per square metre, or 0.07 yuan per square metre per year per year. For example, China and the United States are major quartz-plating producers, and as of 23h1, there are 63 plaster-plating plants in the United States.
In Japan, Russia, and Korea, the annual gypsum capacity is 7.75, 483 and 413 million, with global cities accounting for 5.4%, 3.4%, and 2.9%, respectively. Sub-enterprises, as of 23h1, the global cr3 is 64%, and international giants are experienced in overseas competition.
New materials (China), Kneifor (Germany) and San Goban (France) together accounted for 64 per cent of the global market. Of these, Nawafu was involved in the production and sale of gypsum and related building materials, with a global share of the gypsum business reaching 25 per cent, \triangleright
The range of operations is spread across more than 90 countries and regions around the world: North-North, where the cardboard industry accounts for more than 60 per cent of the domestic market and 20 per cent of the global share; \triangleright
San Goban, a major multinational supplier of building and industrial materials, has a global share of the cardboard business of 19 per cent, and has more than 130 plants in more than 70 countries. In terms of per capita consumption, North America has the highest per capita consumption of the cardboard, reaching 10 square metres per year: Northern Europe, Western Europe, Day.
The per capita consumption capacity of Korea and Australia is 5-10 square metres/year; Russia 2.5-5 square metres/year; and China 1-2.5 square metres/year levels. Some countries in Africa, Central Asia, South-East Asia, and South America, owing to a lack of productive capacity, have globalgypsum levels of gypsum consumption as of 23h1.
In addition to international competition, “water and soil”, we believe that other difficulties in getting out of the sea include low investment thresholds, the risk of excess capacity and exchange rate fluctuations. Large enterprises may therefore be more advantaged in combating these risks.
Ping's cast board project has a planned investment of 19 million euros (about $9 flat investment). Reference is made to the 92 million flat sheet project in Texas, United States of America, in 2023, with a planned investment of 325 million United States dollars (about $25 flat investment). Africa and Central Asia have a low investment threshold for cast board production lines.
Foreign exchange controls & exchange rate fluctuations. For African markets, for example, there are countries with more liberal foreign exchange controls, such as Ken.
Niña (no exchange control), Tanzania (no exchange control policy is loose, foreign exchange under current projects is self-convertible), but there are also some countries with very strict foreign exchange controls, such as Ethiopia, Sudan, and Egypt. In recent years, Africa’s multinational currencies have continued to depreciate, with Nigeria’s largest economy in Africa’s currency, Naira, against the United States dollar since 2022.
The Egyptian pound, the second largest economy, fell 74 per cent in March of the beginning to date, and the Egyptian pound against the United States dollar fell from about 8:1 in 2015 to 50:1, the black market exchange rate at one time reached 70:1 and the currencies of large countries, such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo, remained in a depreciating downwards path, with investments in parts of Africa accompanied by greater exchange risk.
In 2017, the company launched globalization, in 2019 it incorporated globalization into its corporate strategy, in 2023 it accelerated progress, and in 2017 it established a joint venture in Tanzania to create a new gypsum production line with an annual capacity of 6 million squares.
The strategy, which was to change the production capacity of new cast boards in Tanzania from 6 million square metres to 15 million square metres in the same year, also decided to invest in the establishment of a subsidiary in Uzbekistan and the construction of an annual 40 million square metres of cardboard production line 2021: completion of the first phase of the layout of five cardboard production bases in Asia, Africa and Europe abroad;
2023: Accelerating globalization and strengthening international markets around emerging markets such as Africa, Central Asia, the Middle East, and South-East Asia. The 40 million m2 of cardboard production line has been put into production in Uzbekistan; the Thai company has been set up in 2024.
The company's overseas focus on the four regions of South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe and the Mediterranean Rim, and its offshore operating income and profits are fast-tracked by 1.4-extension categories: upgrading the skeletal accompaniment rate to the wallboards, floor space, on the one hand, the company's operations with light steel bones, powder slurry, etc.
The market for light steel bones is expected to be more than 30 billion, slightly higher than the gypsum. Light steel bone is a thin-wall steel made of cold-rolled, continuous-heated zinc belts and made of cold-boiled steel, which is used as a absorbent component of the wall and the ceiling structure and as a link to the building structure.
The plate production was 3,213 million square metres, assuming 100 million square metres of glycerine with 160,000 tons of light steel bones, corresponding to 51,408 tons of bone production and a unit price reference company selling 6,548,000 tons in 2023 (assuming 100 per cent of production), corresponding to a market size of 33,667 million yuan for young steel bones.
In 2021, the company became the world's largest group of light steel bones, growing to 2,287 billion yuan in 2024, with a compound growth rate of 8.07%. But the output caliber, with the company's light steel bone matching rate in 2024, is only 23:2024 young steel bones.
On the other hand, the company has not abandoned the expansion of the fence, and has made gradual progress at the end of the product and market in recent years. Approximately 70% of our gypsum plates are concentrated in the ceiling area, with little application in the wall area, while, by reference to developed countries such as the United States and Japan, about 80% of the gypsums are used for wall construction, and the gypsum walls are thick, low-cost, low-walled, low-cost, low-walled, low-walled, low-walled, low-walled, low-walled, low-walled, low-walled, low-walled, low-walled, low-walled, low-wall-walled, low-wall-walled, low-wall-walled, low-wall-walled, high-walled, high-walled, low-wall-walled, low-walled, low-walled, low-wall-walled, high-walled, low-wall-wall-wall, high-wall, high-wall-bed-wall-wall-wall-scale-of-of-site-site-of-site-site-of-of-of-site-of-of-of-life-of-of-of-of-of-life-of-of-life-of-life-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-life-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-life-life-life-life-of-life-of-of-of-of-of-of-life-of-life-life-of-of-of-of-of-life-life-of-life-life-life-of-of-life-of-of-of-life-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-life-of-of-of-of-of-life-of-of-of-life-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-life-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-
High-efficiency construction, with low penetration rates at present. Wall thickness: the normal wall is about 230 mm thick, for example, with a dragon-separated gypsum, which is only about 130.8 mm thick, about half the thickness of the traditional wall, and the addition of sound-sorting materials, such as rock cotton, to the empty cavity of the wall.
Increase soundproofing performance. Price: Based on the White Paper on the Application and Development of Plasmodium Walls in Fine Houses, published by Neptune in 2023, and on traditional walls, the combined cost savings are close to 8 per cent if cast wall partitions are considered from the design stage.
m2/workday, whereas the gypsum wall works up to 25 m2/workday, with low process requirements and less building waste generated from the construction work.
Figure 26: Our cast board is used mainly in the field of ceilings. Tarzan's introduction of the gypsum fibreboard product is expected to match Chinese consumption habits, adjust to the trend of dressing, open the wallboard space. The gypsum is a new building board with a variety of fibres as booster material, with good fire protection, flood resistance and resistance to shocks.
The company announced in March 2025 that it would invest in a project to build 20 million m2 of cast fibre plate production lines, located in Greater Bruneitown, Taian District, the site of which is used for the existing idle industrial use of Tarzan cast.
The target market is mainly the East and North China region. The total estimated investment in the project is $395 million, which is expected to be 12 months from the start of the construction work.
Figure 28: The size of the dress market has been increasing continuously since 2022 Chart 29: The penetration rate of the dress has been increasing continuously since 2022
Two wings: waterproof + coatings are expanding in reverse scale 2.1 waterproof: the company set its strategic goal of “One Wing” in the first three industries in 2019, and then recommenced in the area of waterproof materials operations through a joint reorganization that year.
In 2019-2022, during the peak phase of the acquisitions, the pace of the acquisitions slowed down since 2023. 2019: Sichuan sheep were acquired in August, with four industrial bases: Sichuan Chengdu, Sichuan Headbow, Xianxi Xianyang, Jiang Xi Xijijiang; and in October, they were jointly reorganized to protect against water, Sichuan King, An Xiang Xing, Hu Kitaki King, Guangdong Xiang,
Eight companies, such as the King's Engineering, the King's Rubber and the King's Wives, owned five waterproof materials production bases: Henan Kim in October.
2020: In December, the China-China Suzhou Water Protection Centre, the only specialized scientific and research service in the construction of waterproofing industries in China, was jointly reorganized, joining the company ' s central research institute for waterproofing industries. 2021: in February, the Shanghai Water Protection Plant, which had a waterproof product production base in Shanghai, and its “Moon Emperor”, was jointly reorganized.
The brand products have some visibility and influence in Shanghai and in the east of China: eight remaining stockholdings from the clan were completed in March; Tianjin Otae was jointly reorganized in September to fill the location of the new North Water Protection Area in Kyunjin; the combined composition in September Sett was enhanced to enhance the competitiveness of the new North Water Protection Operations in the areas of orbital transport, highways, etc., by segmenting the market;
In September, the surplus stock acquisition of the Sichuan sheep was completed.
2023: In October, the acquisition of a small shareholding in the new North Water Protection (Henan) further boosted the integration of markets in the Central African region. The M&As ranged from scientific and research services like the Chushu Water Defense Institute in China to the Sichuan sheep and the Qing dynasty in Sichuan.
In financial terms, more than half of the firms bought 10% of the net interest rate in the previous year, and nearly half of the firms bought Pe at 10x for waterproofing, focusing on the whole country. In terms of regional distribution, companies acquired the labels in Sichuan, Hubei, Henan, Anhui.
Jiangsu, Shanghai, Guangdong, Liaoning, etc., are not limited to a region, but focused on the whole country. By the end of 2023, the company had completed a plan for the deployment of 16 waterproof materials production bases throughout the country.
Billion yuan, representing an increase of 9.47 per cent in the same year; $4.3 billion in net profits, representing an increase of 19.89 per cent in the same year; and 7.69 per cent in net accounts receivable. In terms of brand power, the North New Waterhead won the honour of “the top 500 supplier of China's real estate development enterprise” in 2020, with a 14 per cent preference in 2025; North New Water Protection was placed in the Chinese electricity and construction platforms, in 2022.
In comparison with the major listed companies in the water-proof industry, the company's revenue from water-resistant rolls has reached the top three. In 2024, the Eastern Rain Rainbow, Co-Soon, the North and Karen's shares of water-resistant rolls earned $117.90, 35.55, 33.22, 1.262 billion.
The difference between the division and the second place is even smaller than in the previous year. The Māori rate, influenced by the industry, has declined in all households, and the company and its other businesses have largely converged.
Figure 35: The Māori rate of water-resistant rolls in major water-resistant enterprises converges in 2.2 coatings: accelerated layout industrial paints, large-scale paints, high-consumption properties, and high-quality building materials. According to the Chinese Paint Industry Association, 2024
The total annual production of China ' s paint industry was 35,341,000 tons, a decrease of 1.60 per cent compared to the previous year; the total revenue from the main business was 40,89003 million yuan, and more services were obtained from the cleaning code, such as three trees in 2024 (the precision industry business), the Orient Rainbon business, and Mona Lisa.
Figure 36: Maintenance of high levels of paint production in the country
(b) In 2021, North New Paints Ltd. set up and consolidated its coatings, with 100 per cent ownership and 49 per cent ownership of the lighthouse coatings;
At the same time, in 2024, the joint reorganization of Gabriel was completed, with the extension of paint operations from the north to the whole country; the end-of-year painting of bridges further enriched the system of industrial paint products and expanded the Chinese market.
(b) In 2025, at the end of February, the Zhejiang Bridge was listed as an investment in the construction of 20,000 tons of industrial coatings produced by the new North Paintings for the Year, using a combination of “New Projects + Joint Reorganization” in the following areas:
On 29 December 2023, the company announced a joint reorganization of Gabriel, the acquisition of the former company ' s paint business year, with a capacity of 103,000 tons and a regional concentration of more than 1.3 million tons in North China, the acquisition of which will result in an increase in the production capacity from North China to a national level, and the expansion of the construction paint business into a leading position in the domestic industry.
Reference Performance Commitments. In fiscal years 2024, 2024-2025, 2024-2026, the deductions were net of $336 million, the performance commitment completion rate was 81.27 per cent. The main reason for the low demand for real estate was a 12 per cent decline in the revenue from paints for construction works compared to the previous year, while civil and industrial paints increased by 4.2 per cent and 6.1 per cent, and did not completely offset the market for hedge works.
According to the agreement, as Gabriel failed to meet the performance target for the year 2024, the company will withhold directly the sum of $77 million in compensation from the agreed transfer price of $407 million due to the original shareholders in 2025.
The market share is about 70%. Industrial paints are less concentrated than conventional paints, and companies are more likely to break out, with industrial paints cr 10 in 2024 (income caliber) at 18.11%, while overall paint cr 10 (income caliber) at 21.58%. There are eight foreign firms in industry.
On the acquisition side, in September 2021, North New Paint acquired 49% of Tianjin Lighthouse shares, in April 2023 it acquired 51% of the remaining stock, and lighthouse paint had a new line of production of 50,000 tons of industrial paints a year for 20,000 tons of resin.
In December 2024, North New Paint acquired the Zhejiang Bridge, which, when completed, will enable industrial paint to be marketed in the East China region, expand industrial paint production capacity, and further enrich the company’s paint product system.
With regard to self-construction, in April 2025, the company announced that its subsidiary North New Paint was to invest in the project to build 20,000 tons of industrial paint production bases in Ancéon, which, when completed, would focus on the production of industrial equipment, petrochemicals, bridges, etc.
The project plans to invest $171 million, with an expected construction period of 18 months from the start of the civil works. 3.1 Incentives & Credits: New Incentives Scheme, with a continuous increase of up to 344 persons, including company directors, senior managers, and core cadres.
Marked as: A composite growth rate of net profit from non-repatriation in 2025-2027, based on the net profit from non-repatriation in 2023. Figure 42: Corporate cash fractions and shares as a whole show an upward trend.
However, taking into account the positive downturn of the company and the strong expansion of its stock and overseas markets, a modest increase in the sale of gypsum boards is expected in 2025-2027; on the price side, the company’s market share is close to 70 per cent, with some pricing capacity, but taking into account market demand; Waterproof rolls: an increase of 19 per cent in the same revenue in 2024, although the demand for the water-proof sector is weak, taking into account the small base of the business, is expected to be taken into account.
Depending on the company’s business attributes, we have chosen three trees, an Orient Rainbus, and a rabbit baby as comparable companies. By 5 June 2025, the collection data compared to the company’s average perpen for 2025-2027 were 21x, 16x, and the company’s one- or-two-wing continued layout, with better revenues, higher profits, and a focus on subsequent potential M&A opportunities: 2 major stones.
The market accounts for nearly 70 per cent of the total, the drop capital expands profitability and the internationalization of the layout creates additional amounts. 3 equity incentives to develop higher increases. Real estate policies do not have the same impact as expected: they are more affected by completion, and if property policies are not in place, they will affect industry demand, and companies may face the risk of falling revenues from their main business;
(b) High volatility in raw material prices: the company's main raw materials are industrial by-product gypsums and face paper, and if prices fluctuate significantly, the company's main raw materials will have to be used for the production of gypsums and face paper.
(b) The risk of fluctuations in accounts receivable: the continued increase in the size of the company's accounts receivable and its high quarterly fluctuations may affect future profitability.