Tianky Pinocchio, head-strengthed integration advantage, continued layout industry,
The company is a global titanium industry leader and currently owns titanium. The company is dedicated to research and development of new materials such as titanium, titanium, and lithium, with a powder capacity of 1.51 million tons, and a sponge capacity of 80,000 tons, which is the world's leading double position. The company is a titanium industry.
The company ' s titanium chlorination group, mainly in titanium powder, sponge titanium, titanium products, lithium.
The technology for the production of powder has been able to effectively reduce production costs, achieve production and marketing of products such as electric positive and negative-polar materials, and increase the share of corporate production of chlorinated titanium powder in China and the global market.
The company has the advantage of integrating the titanium industry chain. The company has access to high-quality mineral resources and deep processing capacity.
The company's titanium industry is connected to the entire chain of titanium. The company has a number of mining rights, which ensure the supply of titanium concentrate for stable production, the base of the Bodang, Sichuan, Hubei, Yunnan, Gansu, etc.
The Division uses home-grown titanium concentrate and extra-purchase titanium concentrate to produce titanium sulphate powder, titanium-rich material (including six cities in High Five Provinces, which initially formed titanium slags, synthetic gold red stones) and raw iron, and titanium-rich material to further produce titanium tetrachloride, sponge titanium, chlorination)
Workers, to titanium powder and titanium metal manufactures, derivatives combined Green industrial chains used: titanium powder is controlled by the company’s stockholders. The company’s whole-chain advantage allows products or by-products produced upstream by the company to be used directly below.
The company’s integrated industrial chain production process allows the recycling of waste by-products and reduces the company’s combined production costs. The titanium industry is currently at the bottom of the cycle, with marginal improvement expectations.
The 52-week inter-share price range, which has been declining since the second half of 2024, is now profitable in the industry, the demand for titanium is expected to rise, and the level of long-term profits in the industry is expected to return to the bottom.
The company continuously deploys upstream mineral resources and strengthens the advantages of industrial chain integration. On the side of upstream raw material mineral resources, the company is actively building joint two-mine development projects to significantly increase the amount of iron ore resources controlled by the company.
In addition, the company has signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with the Sichuan Natural Resources Group to cooperate in a number of areas, such as the selection of red glands, the industry, the trade in titanium concentrates, equity, technology, etc., which we believe will help to deepen the upstream resource configuration of the company.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: The company is the leading industry in titanium powder, with titanium powder and sponge production capabilities at the top of the world, and while doing a major major job, the company continues to deploy upstream and downstream resources in the industrial chain and is actively developing new energy materials and developing a diversified and synergistic business model.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Yong-Bing Group (00201.sz): titanium powder dragons strengthened their integration advantages and continued deployment of industrial chain resources.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Yong-doo Group (00201.sz): Titan Plum Plum Plum Plum Plums for Enhanced Integration, with the continuous deployment of industrial chain resources. Liu Woo-duk's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.