Corporate depth report — computer industry, industrial software voluminous, idc resource integration plus Treasure letter software (600845.sh)
The firm is the only company listed on the BMW Group, with a stable equity structure and adequate managerial incentives.
Wu Xing's product matrix is rich, covering 12 major categories, enabling more than one industry, and the company is now moving in in an orderly way into the development of related technology components such as plat and iplat under the xin3plat brand, and completes the human being.
It's an industrial intelligence center. The development of plc software, breaking overseas monopolies, and promoting the national production of autonomous control systems to scale and industrialization.
Industrial interconnection: The growth of companies is driven by the expansion of the steel industry to various industries. The current global industrial Internet development is at an early stage, with the domestic industrial Internet market at its core.
The company has been able to expand its potential by deepening the iron and steel industry, optimizing industrial soft products such as mes, developing and developing plc products, and enhancing the overall advantages of the company's products. The company has now largely covered all the components of production control and management of process-type industries.
The company expects to maintain a high growth trend in 2021 in trading money with the BMW Group and associated subsidiaries, as a result of the overall digital transformation of the BMW Group, and the ongoing expansion of BMW Group integration into the public sector.
Operations idc: The industry is an absolute leader, and the resource integration capability cannot be replicated.
With more than 90%, the company, by its own ability to replicate it, has a steady level of profitability at the head of the business. It is expected that the number of Bosinoc hangars will continue to increase over the next three years, with a doubling of the number of cabinets expected to increase over the next three years.
The company is expected to benefit in the long term from the deepening of the supply side of the iron and steel industry, and from the BMW as a leading company in the domestic steel information, industrial software and idc industries with a relatively deep 300-percent pattern.
The group has accelerated the process of digitizing the iron and steel industry to achieve the goal of "doubt carbon." New industrial software products are being developed, breaking the monopoly of overseas industrial software products and moving from the steel industry to the 100% industry.
All right, Idc's business is beginning to grow steadily, and the Treasure is based on its own strong cost control, location, advantages, resource cards, industry pole customers, and so on, increasing the company's profitability and capacity. We expect the TreasureS software to earn its income separately in 2021-2023.
Less than expected: slow pace of industrial Internet operations: less rapid integration of the steel industry Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: Industry level: the supply and demand gap for idc remains large in the country, leading companies will grow in certainty in the beneficiary industries over the long term, in the meta-cosmos
The data centre is expected to see a new round of high growth as a new generation of large-flow and high-speed, long-term benefits for the idc industry. The supply and demand gap for the Shanghai data centre is clear, reaching $14 billion in 2020, 21% in 2014-2020, and up to the end of 2019, Shanghai is using the data centre grid.
In response to supply-side reform trends, rapid integration of the BMW group and continued expansion of the business base will bring additional information.
Since 2016, the Soldier and the Soldiers have joined together to form the Soldiers Group, whose total output has risen to the second highest in the world, while the Soldier's arsenal