We know the new S.I.S., the five-dimensional value release, the S.I.S. software, as a leader in a number of areas in the country, such as iron and steel information, industrial software, idc and industrial Internet platforms, is well-resourced, well-run, well-executed, well-managed, well-treatted, well-treatted and horizontal.
In view of the company's past development experience, the complexity of current business layouts and the visibility of future horizontal expansions, we try to interpret the certainty of investment treasure letters from a much higher-dimensional system, in terms of industry dimensions, group dimensions, corporate dimensions.
Five values, product dimensions and growth dimensions, to deconstruct the investment value of the Treasure. In short, the Industrial Change Bureau: Optimizing the transformation and green development of the steel industry brings great opportunities for the Treasure. The supply side structural transformation of the steel industry, which is experiencing decapitulation, merger restructuring, transformation upgrading and greening.
The price of companies compares with the trend of 300 depths, and many historical big changes, such as growth in colour, have made the task of “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” difficult, with cr10 rising from the current level of 39.38% to 60%, and industry concentration still has almost double the growth space.
The trend is that improved profitability in the industry has led to a sustained increase in the ability to pay for information, a growing size of the business, a demand for digital transformation, and an attempt by the “mate class” giants to promote integration through the industrial Internet. On the other hand, the continued information, automation, and intelligent product services of the Treasure Letter over the past 43 years has led to a steady increase in the volume of information, automation, and intelligence services.
Iron and steel energy use increased by more than 10 per cent, labour efficiency increased by 30 per cent, steel consumption decreased by 15 per cent in ton, integrated pollutants by 30 per cent, and contributed significantly to industrial optimization and green development. • Group integration: stock resources and new demand are growing on both the supply and demand side
On the supply side, the Treasures used and exploited the Group's land and hydropower stocks, actively promoting industrial transformation, upgrading and developing the idc business map to host the largest single data centre in the East China region, and starting to lay out the Chinese and North China markets. On the basis of planning for the construction of 50,000 cabinets in 2023, the future will remain.
There is room for growth in the number of more than 10,000 cabinets, and the new generation of infrastructure services with cloud numbers, as the second-largest growth curve in the public sector, has become the basis for the digital economy and the performance of the Treasure Letter. On the demand side, the BMW’s “three-step” development strategy has accelerated M & As and Wisdom.
This has created a huge demand for orders, which has caused company-associated revenues to rise in recent years, with the sum of 3,781 million yuan in associated transactions in 2020, an increase of 27.18 per cent over the previous year, which is an unprecedented increase and has great potential. The industrial Internet platform empowers the group’s “one-headquarters multi-base” management model, some of it.
A third growth curve opens up a trillion-degree market space.
Tons/years, smart hair reports from domestic head steel companies (only 1,800 tons/year of steel produced per capita by Treasure Gang) (i): using the wind of software development, industrial intelligence is created to display at least three times the lift space.
A self-research plc product of the Spirit 2020-09-07 is expected to unlock the "crack neck" technology, break the foreign monopoly and advance into the rest of the world.
How can industrial software rise strongly – from a high-dimensional perspective, with more than 200 billion dollars in national production alternatives? Industrial software investment opportunities: production regulation?
Out of the BMW, with the combined advantage of many years of sedimentation, the BTW has taken over the external steel markets of saddle steel, sturgeon steel, and solar steel companies, and has entered into a strategic partnership with the steel industry to carry out the first steel project on a scale of nearly $300 million. Out of the steel, the BTW has received more than 50% of the revenue in other industries, successfully covering transport and medicine.
Eighteen cross-cutting industry applications, such as pharmaceuticals, colours, and so forth, have opened up borderless expansion by empowering thousands of businesses. As leading firms in various areas of domestic iron and steel information, industrial software, idc, and the industrial Internet, Bosin software is expected to benefit in the long term from structural changes in the supply side of the steel industry, “carbon peaks, carbon.”
The company itself is too strong and in a number of high-quality lanes, and its future growth is not as visible as expected.
3) Industrial Internet platforms are not as advanced as expected; 4) idc cabinets are loaded and follow-up needs are not as high as expected.
Looking at the company’s development history and related research, we find that the market’s general awareness of it has three values and three omissions. One is the long-standing emphasis on the resource endowment of the Treasure Group, while ignoring the management of the company’s operations.
For 16 consecutive quarters, two-digit growth in profit indicators (including operating profits, total profits, net profits and net parent profits) has been maintained, with a compound growth rate of close to 30%, and its stability in the science and technology unit has not been right. Second, over the past five years, the importance attached to the idc business development of the Treasure, while ignoring the company’s legacy of industrial software.
Business as a whole. It may be difficult to clarify, understand and eat software-related business simply as a company in the communications industry, to understand the company's important role in the “one-headquarters multi-base” management model, and to understand how companies can successfully cover 18 cross-cutting industry applications such as transportation, medicine, colour, etc.
Third, in recent years, attention has been paid to the performance of the Treasure in such hot spots as idc, industrial software, the industrial Internet, and “cricket” technology, while ignoring the logic and intrinsic connection behind each of the company’s positive trends.
From iron and steel information to industrial software, from erp/mes to plc, from idc/bold cloud to industrial Internet platforms, the above changes in product services have a reasonable evolutionary pulse, technical relevance and business coherence, and the message is constantly echoed by a keen insight into, and an accurate grasp of, technological and industrial trends.
These, in the final analysis, are due to the fact that Bo-Sin has become a cross-cutting leader in a number of business directions in the country, such as iron and steel information, industrial software, idc and the Internet, and will also benefit in the long term from structural changes in the supply side of the steel industry, “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality”, the autonomous control of key links, and the accelerated digital transformation of the country's industries in various fields.
A certain trend. For a company that is so complex and diverse in its strategies, operations and future layout, we want to systematically interpret the certainty of investment letters from a higher dimension, using the industry dimensions, group dimensions, company dimensions, product dimensions and growth dimensions to disassemble their investment value.
Corporate value: Started with a gift, an executive, and a pro-optimal leader in China's intelligent services industry in 1,143 years.
Department, established in 1978, with an initial focus on industrial software, was responsible for product development and technology services in the field of steel automation, informatization. Shanghai Steel Information Industries Ltd. was listed in 2001 through an overall asset replacement and renamed Shanghai Bosin Software Inc.
In 2020, the company released an autonomous Chinese military engineering Internet platform, xin3plat, to provide full capacity for the digital transformation of the manufacturing industry. In 2021, the company released an autonomous industrial control system core component, large-scale plc products, to further deepen its capacity for soft and hard integration.
The company has a stable equity structure and a strong resource endowment.
As of September 2021, the share of Treasure Steel was 49.5 per cent. The Treasure Group held 48.56 per cent of the Treasure Steel and 13.39 per cent of the Treasure Steels indirectly through the Armour and Steel Group. The Treasure Software, as the only information technology service provider under the banner of the Treasure Group, was the Informationization, Automation, Networking, Intelligibility,
Development of a new generation of core information technology suppliers, such as big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence, thus enjoying a natural advantage in the acquisition of related resources and project orders within the group. The BMW Group provides strong support for the company’s business expansion and growth.
This has led to the gradual expansion of Treasure Software to other steel companies under the umbrella of the Iron and Steel Industry; the expansion of its capacity to respond to the digital transformation needs of large corporate steel companies, based on the powerful combination of power, the size of its capacity and technological advantages, the increasing level of its services in the field of Iron and Steel Informatization; and the continued increase in its capacity to respond to the digital transformation needs of large corporate steel companies, which is outside the Treasure System.
The Iron and Steel Industries have built a solid foundation. On the other hand, Bo-Sin has integrated the original information under the banner of the steel industry associated with the Treasures, the automation sector, the consolidation of mergers, the strategic alliance, the successive acquisition of the Shanghai Meisan Industrialists, the Engineering Design Institute, the Military Steel Industries Group, the Ph.D. and Industry Information Corporations, and the expansion.
Focusing on the two major markets of the City of Wisdom and the City of Wisdom as leaders in China’s intelligent services sector. In recent years, Bo-shin has pursued a “intellectual” development strategy, actively engaged in “new infrastructure” and “new online economy” and, on the one hand, has used its resource endowments rationally, and has managed to build up a new economy.
Development of the data centre industry, provision of third-party idc services outside the Sword, enhancement of large data and cloud computing capabilities within the Sword system; and, on the other hand, leveraging of industrial software to strengthen industrial Internet platform development, with the aim of promoting new generations of innovation in the integration of information technology and the real economy, promoting deep interconnectivity between the industrial elements, the whole industry chain and the entire value chain.
At the same time, companies continue to push for new intelligent cities, using intelligent transport, smart parks, urban emergency management as entry points, and exploring new models and new business patterns for intelligent cities. The Treasure 4 software focuses on two major vision areas: intelligence creation and intelligence creation.
1.2 Industry-based software to expand new business areas Deep-farming industrial software, informationization, automation, and intelligence. The core business of Treasure Software is to provide production control, management industrial software, and associated hardware and software systems solutions to the industry in its immediate future, which have been in service for many years.
The iron and steel industry has built up deep industrial software-related know-how. The company started out in the Bounty Automation sector, and has long been responsible for parent information construction, innate automation, information-based dual genes, and in recent years has been active in creating intelligence-based businesses based on new generations of information technology, so its software development and engineering services cover information and self-covering.
(a) Three broad product categories of dynamic, intelligent: informatization: at the core of the mes and erp systems, providing various types of production information and information-based manufacturing operations management solutions for enterprise upper management systems.
2) Automation: control, scheduling and maintenance of production lines, including iron and steel package tracking management systems, quality analysis software, casting steel forecasting and crystallization software, chilling process control software (crgs), etc.; and intermediate platform software, such as process control platform software, iiplature, external communications intermediates, etc.
ixcompcs, basic automated communications intermediate IMultilink, for process system control and system-to-system communication 3) intelligentness: including intelligent cities and intelligent traffic, characterized by integrated regulation, integration of services, and the introduction of intelligent corporate solutions for city-oriented construction-related industries, “product-engineering-services”.
In keeping with the transformation of the steel industry, the idc-based resources are being used to open the second growth curve. Iron and steel companies have large amounts of industrial land resources in the first and second-line cities, with well-developed distribution systems and high energy consumption targets, and are able to provide the land, electricity resources and emission targets needed for idc on the one hand, and are under pressure to produce and protect themselves from environmental pressures on the other.
idc, Embracing digital infrastructure. The domestic steel industry has not yet entered the downward cycle in 2013, energy compression and transformation are under way, and the demand for cloud computing infrastructure in emerging economies, such as the Internet, has increased dramatically.
Specialized cloud service providers from idc hosting to laas, paas, saas, customize and deliver public, private, mixed, disaster-prepared clouds, etc., depending on the client's personalized needs End-to-end solutions, with a full life-cycle service of “advisory design, cloud transfer, cloud operation”.
The matrix of the cloud products in figure 6 takes on the wind of digitalization, the transformation of the platform, and the ecological development of the industrial Internet-enabling industry. From late 2017 to early 2018, the State Council issued guidance on deepening the “Internet + advanced manufacturing” to develop the industrial Internet.
See, for the first time, the report of the Government on the work of developing a “platform economy”, the growing demand for digital technologies in the continuing transformation of manufacturing from large to strong, the growing dominance of the platform business models of large enterprises in the vertical field, the digitalization, and the strong voice of the platform transformation on both the supply and demand sides. It is against this backdrop that the Bosin software was launched in 2020.
The Internet platform xin3plat, based on two major platforms, focuses on three thematic applications, creates 5s data ecology in four quadrants, forming six features and seven core technologies, and became the national “cross-practice industry cross-cutting industrial Internet platform” that was advertised by the Ministry of Trade and Industry in the same year as a central force for advancing new digital infrastructure.
For two main sub-platforms, the industrial eco-platat, which meets the application of smart services, and the industrial interconnectivity platform, which meets the application of smart, which together provides systemic solutions for a variety of industries, such as steel, medicine, and agriculture. Large-scale plc solves the problem of “crack necks.”
Software releases in Shanghai the core components of the autonomous industrial control system - the large-scale plc (programmable logic controller) product - which is designed to address the current problem of the industrial control system and the “crystal” of industrial software, which is of widespread interest to industry.
Successfully validated, it is hoped to break the long-standing monopoly of high-end intelligence-based large plcs on foreign automated giants such as Siemens and Mitsubishi. In the future, companies will plan for the design of a new generation of control systems – clouded plc – covering all aspects of traditional plc, dcs – based on international standards for iec61499 distributed industrial control software and defined ip network technology.
and mc, etc., to achieve the development environment for software and hardware decoupling and multi-language integration to achieve the true location of the int/ot data in production Figure 8plc North direction: data source for the production information
plc editable logic controller South direction: control brain of on-site equipment
1.3 Business is robust and optimized, key indicators are breaking out. Steel-in-information-related transactions and idc operations drive rapid growth in corporate profits. In 2015 and 2016, the public administration was affected by supply side reforms in the steel industry, resulting in a decline in revenue collection.
The wave of acquisitions has led to a rapid increase in intra-group information-based demand and to an increase in the blow-out of related transactions, while the idc I to IV rounds provide a steady income for companies. The two major operations have led to rapid growth, with companies earning 95.18 million yuan in 2020 and 4,598 million yuan in the first half of 2021, respectively.
By product, the outsourcing of software development and services provides companies with more than 95% of their revenue, with performance again in 2020 1) software development operations, including mainly information, automation, and intelligence. In 2020, corporate software was opened with an increase of $1,354 million.
The increase in inflows has largely benefited from the increase in revenues from smart urban operations, such as rail transport; moreover, the automation of non-connected parties and the simultaneous growth of trust-based operations are expected to increase faster in the future, along with the high demand for intelligence generated within the BMW Group, as well as the progressive application of the industrial Internet.
Outsourcing of corporate services received 2,616 million yuan, an increase of 27.31 per cent over the previous year, and benefited mainly from a steady increase in corporate idc operations, of which Treasure Windc experienced a significant increase in the previous year, with income from idc increasing by $523 million. Income grew by 11 per cent in the first half of 2021 compared to the same period last year.
In our view, the company has responded positively to the call of the “new infrastructure” to keep moving forward with the five phases of construction and the country-wide layout in Shanghai, and future revenues from outsourcing of services are expected to grow rapidly. The company’s revenue collection structure has continued to be optimized, its profitability has improved, and its gross profit ratio has stabilized.
The Division has gradually reduced the share of revenue from low Māori operations, such as systems integration operations, and the share of other business sub-project operating income has been driven by a two-fold increase in corporate profitability, with corporate Māori rates and net interest rates of 34.41 per cent and 20.52 per cent, respectively, in the first half of 2021, with new highs in both cases.
Corporate software development and service outsourcing rates are 27.82% and 51.53%, respectively. Cost effectiveness controls are clear and financial.
In recent years, the Division has been increasing research and research inputs into technologies such as the Internet, artificial intelligence, and big data. In 2020, the cost of research and development in companies was 949 million yuan, representing 9.97 per cent of revenue; and the number of research and development personnel has provided a long-term and solid endogenous impetus from product overlap and innovation over the last three years.
As a result of the company ' s trend towards continuous addition technology research, companies have made a continuous breakthrough in industrial Internet, ai, and 5g technologies in combination with industry applications. To date, the total number of company patents stands at 34,347, of which 1940 (56.44 per cent) are new and functional, 1,462 (42.54 per cent) are inventions, 35 (1.02 per cent) are outward design patents.
The total number of successful patents is 1576, which is far higher than the average number of industrial patents 624. And the company’s research and development power is growing rapidly, with the value of top 5 patents amounting to $12.918 million.
The company’s cash flow is good, and the expansion of its investment and idc operations is more robust. To benefit from the continued profitability of the idc operation, the net operating cash flow of companies has been higher than net profit since 2016, the operating cash flow is good, and it is expected that the future expansion of the idc operation will be gradual, with a steady increase in the ratio.
Three issues of non-public distribution, four issues of Treasure Cloud, and the rest of the year are negative, indicating that companies rely mainly on their own funds earned from their operations to build their idc operations, that they are less dependent on external financing, and that their operations expand more robustly.
The company operates with great stability and great enforcement power. As a State-owned enterprise, it is scarcely capable of operating and implementing, and has maintained double-digit growth in profit indicators (including operating profits, total profits, net profits and net parent profits) for 16 consecutive quarters since 2017, with a compound growth rate of close to 30% and steady.
In addition to maintaining steady growth over the years, the executive power of the company’s management has been more direct in reversing the profit side, with martial arts and steel being the information company under the flag of the original weapon steel, with a loss of $229 million in 2018 and a loss of $12,248,500 in 2019, after being bought by the Treasure.
These include the ability of Treasure Letters to implement the integrated transformation of their business management.
2.1 Supply-side structural reform 1.0: Full de-productivity + information technology mitigation efficiency. Our steel industry has been driven by economic growth and has been growing at a cyclical rate over the past 20 years. Since the twenty-first century, the country has seen rapid economic and social development, rising levels of industrialization, high growth in manufacturing, construction and steel production.
The financial crisis of 2008 led to a sharp decline in steel production in the short term, but the stimulus policy of $4 trillion enabled steel production to continue to rise, driven by demand and liquidity, reaching a low level in 2009 and 2010.
In 2016, the steel industry officially promoted supply-side reforms, and production resumed growth, reaching 1,065 million tons of crude steel in 2020, an increase of 7 per cent compared with the previous year.
The rapid growth of the iron and steel industry has brought about two major problems, namely, overcapacity and structural disorders, and reform is imminent. In recent years, as macroeconomic growth has slowed, capacity utilization in the iron and steel sector has continued to decline, overcapacity has increased, and capacity utilization has continued to decline, leading to an overall loss in the steel industry in 2015.
The low concentration and structural imbalance in the steel industry, and the fact that the steel industry is “not strong and not weak” have not only led to a loss of standard economic efficiency, a decline in bargaining power over imported raw materials, but also to an increase in excess capacity. Supply-side structural changes have been called for, and five means have been used to solve both problems.
Figure 23 Three major initiatives in the domestic iron and steel sector. Governments at all levels are responsible for the issue of local excess capacity, with provisions in place; and the principle of one-off reduction is used as a complement to support structural change on the side.
(a) The effective implementation of capacity-building and the provision of clear policy guidelines;
The financial sector has given policy preferences or resources to areas where surplus production can be handled well.