2023q2 performance exceeded expectations, and domestic and foreign competitive advantage continued to rise.
50 million yuan (+73.5 per cent). q2 revenue was over-expected, with over 40 per cent growth in the entire territory of China, the United States, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, with over-the-ground sales rolling out of multi-pollution clearing machines, continued wide-banding of prices, and market share grabs; the United States market continued to push up prices and capture the share of the high-end market in irobot; and for Europe.
q2 Profits are expected to be fully spent in Europe and beyond, and the market share continues to rise under high-end positioning and the same-quality price strategy of internal sales abroad. Companies have established middle-end brand positions abroad, with stone technology in the United States exceeding 20% in Amazonia.
Second, and above the irobot in high-end markets, it looks like it's going on. The European market is doing well, with the German city at over 40%, and it's hoped that the regions of Germany, Northern Europe, and other regions, such as Southern Europe, and Western Europe, will be strengthened, and that they will be sold, but that they will compete differently with their friends' products over the same period, and that they will be made available to consumers at the same time as they do.
We're looking at the new p10pro based on a functional upgrade point for "intelligent dynamic robotic arm plus hot water re-cleaning" and the 3999 pricing advantage, which keeps up the share. The q2 net interest rate rises significantly, with the cost added to the price, and the net interest rate at the strict rate being more stable.
Q2 net interest rate q2 net interest rate + high profit-earning capacity to boost external sales.
The dilemma of irobot, the offshore machine of stone technology, the wide price belt, which promotes the release of sales, the strict regulation of tariff overlaps and improved competition patterns in the industry, and the maintenance of stability in net interest rates.
The rate of increase is negative - company depth report 1, 2023q2 over-expected revenue, domestic and foreign competitive advantage continues to rise.
Bringing and stealing market shares; introducing new items such as S8pro to the United States market, continuing to promote high-priced, high-policy, high-end market shares in irobot; and gradually warming consumption demand in regions of Europe that are more affected by the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, and launching new products to boost the resilience of distributors, with high growth elasticity below the low base.
The profits of 20232 grew faster than revenues, the main distribution model regions of Europe, Asia and the Pacific, where the profits of companies were higher, continued to recover, the regional structure continued to be good, and the product structure of the new products was continuously upgraded.
2. Outsourcing: European fundamentals are restored, with middle- and high-end positioning for the share of irobot 2023h1 as a basic business, accounting for about 60% of the total. In overseas markets, companies focus on developing markets in the United States, Europe and Asia and the Pacific. Companies have gradually developed global distribution networks, so far, their products are all over the world.
More than 10 million families in more than 100 countries and regions have used stone-scaved robots. Meanwhile, companies have established local branches and offshore companies in major overseas markets to improve their market position and provide better after-sales services, and companies have now established overseas companies in the United States, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, Germany, the Republic of Korea, etc.
American online platforms such as Amazon, Homedepot, Target, Bestbuy, and Walmart, which were launched in 2017 as the founder of industry lds, began with medium- and high-end branding to Europe and America, and quickly opened channels through the channels available in Muming. In recent years, product research and development has taken care of overseas use.
Household pains are also the first to be used in the country as mops and lifts. Since 2021, overseas channels have gradually taken control of themselves. Companies have set up high- and medium-end brand positions abroad, deciding to establish long-term positions and spaces in overseas markets.
In January-July of 23 years, sales of US$ 500 or more were at 41%, while sales of US$ 800 or more were at 62% of the priceday. The sales of 2022m11 were at 18.0%, the second highest. Price day (7.12-7.13) continued its excellent performance, with more than 50% of America's gmv according to third party data.
Europe’s market has been under pressure since 20202, but with the completion of the new overseas April-July and the warming of the end demand, the region of high net interest rates has been recovering. Other markets in Europe are expected to replicate Germany’s success stories.
The market share of the stone-scanning German market in 2022, 2023h1, was the highest, with the same share at the top of the list, rising by 244/37 per cent. Germany’s entire channel city accounted for nearly 40 per cent. We believe that residents of France, Spain, etc. have a similar level of expense to Germany, and that companies are expected to replicate German success stories and continue to raise the company’s local market position.
The U.S. and China are direct electric companies, with net interest rates expected to exceed 10%. So, when Europe and Asia and the Pacific have higher income ratios, the higher the net interest rates for companies. From 2021 to 2023q1, Europe’s Asia and the Pacific share continued to decline, dragging stone net interest rates, starting with q2.
Product structure upgrades, break-through channels: companies are expected to strengthen European markets in regions such as Germany, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, Western Europe, etc., and take up further market shares through European Amazon line openings. Intra-market sales: a new strategy to promote homogeneity is maintained, and market shares continue to rise.
On the other hand, companies are increasing their own branding and promotion, increasing their brand visibility through traditional power providers, new channels, and so on. Intra-firm sales account for about 30%.
In the first half of 2021, Coves launched a visual-guided mop product, n9+. In September 2021, the company launched lds-guided mop product,g10, which achieved product quality when consumers generally recognized the performance of moped products.
According to data on the Ovi cloud network, after the launch of g10 in September 2021, the sales of stone brands reached 19.2 per cent in October 2021, an increase of 8.5 pcts compared to the previous year. In the second half of 2022, Kovos launched a full-scale station product x 1mni and invested more in a costly education market.
In March 2022, the company launched a full base station product, g10s, at a price of $4799, reducing the full base base product purchase threshold. According to the Ovi Clouds online data, after the launch of the g10s in March 2022, the market for the sale of stone brands in April 2022 was 33.7% higher than in April 2022.
In the new product cycle of 618 in 2023, the company continued to introduce lower-priced full-power base-station products,p10 using the main brand.In 2023, in the context of the industry's “price-for-value” industry, the company launched the full-power base product,p10, with a continuous outreach of friends, to educate consumers to rotate drag.
The fabric is not high-end, and the company does not offer 3,000-priced products in the main brand, resulting in a larger share of the market for stone p10. According to the Ovi Clouds online, in April 2023, the sales of stone brands reached 30.8%, and the Ringbitty was up by 9.1 pcts.
On August 28, 2023, the stone launched a new product, p10pro.
The product is targeted at a friendly shop, with a “dynamic mechanical arm plus hot water re-cleaning” that is powerful but only 3999, with a high value for money. Figure 17: Rediscount history, where each round of the company’s push has led to a significant increase in the market share of sales.
Differential competition, or improved functionality, or lower prices, offering better product use experiences to consumers at the same time that they use their power, continued to be hot for sale, and the construction of a single bomb created a virtuous circle of monolithic accumulation, with the company’s share continuously rising. We look forward to the company’s new p10pro based on “Intelligent Dynamic Mechanic Arm + Hot Water Rewashing”.
At the end of the year, the price increases, as well as the price advantages of 3999, the heat sales performance of the repeat g10, g10s, and p10,4 and the profitability end: cost plus pricing, the level of net interest rates under strict control, the cost plus pricing of new stone technology, which ensures stability of the Māori rate, are not the same as that of other manufacturers.
Pricing, companies use a cost-+50% Māori pricing strategy to price new products, and Māori rates are stable. When new products are introduced, older goods will not be subject to significant price reductions, but will compete through the introduction of new products to cover lower prices, so that the profitability of the original products will not be significantly affected.
The bottom-line ability to introduce new low-cost products with no loss in profitability stems from the company’s continuous technological downgrading capability. By technology research and development, the Department achieves the same or even better functions while using fewer components, and better matches the consumer’s needs.
The rock’s new product, g10pure, reduced by two cliff sensors compared to g10s, has achieved gross interest rate stability at the same time. According to Ovi Clouds, p10 and g10pur have a market share in the product’s delivery line, not 6.62 per cent or 10.36 per cent, showing a high level of market recognition.
In terms of production, the company has built its own plant, the construction of 2023h1 has started, and the company’s production model will gradually be transformed into a combination of autonomous production and extra-programming, which is expected to benefit from an increase in the Māori rate. The company has strict control over the proportion of sales costs invested, direct access to electricity in China and the United States, and the cost is set at 10%.
Net interest rates are the bottom line, Europe’s Asia-Pacific distribution channels, with spending at the bottom of 20% or more, and more modest, with continuous improvement through the abundance and efficiency of the product matrix. With regard to channel structures, the company’s internal sales are dominated by better-profited steroids, traditional Kyoto platforms, and the ratio.
It is 80% and stable, while tremors, sub-lines, etc., are relatively low, stone technology sales are consistently lower than industry, conversion rates are more important, low net interest rates are less vibrating, lower line channels are lower. The decline in Māori 2023q2 in Coworth is mainly due to lower prices and lower Māori channels, and lower net interest rates include losses on new business, among other things.
These factors are not industry-specific. Competition patterns in the domestic land sweep industry have improved, and the environment for domestic land sweep marketing costs is expected to improve. (1) The Kovos newspaper has revealed that the increase in sales costs of 2023h1 is mainly due to platform uniforms as a result of increased revenue from live broadcasts.
As a result of the increase in fees and commissions, there has been a significant increase of 65%, while marketing promotion and advertising fees have increased by only about 12%, which has subsided. (3) The market share of cloud whales has continued to decline, with only limited space for projected investment.
Prices, and companies are expected to continue to spread the price bands while maintaining the Māori rate, contributing to higher industry penetration rates. In addition, net interest rates remain stable, driven by improved competitive patterns in the tightly controlled industry.
5. Profit forecasts and investment proposals. Sales of new products are below expectations; raw material price risks; and demand for high overseas inflation is below expectations.