Irobot's dilemma, the opportunities of rock technology overseas, stone technology (688169.sh) and irobot's dilemma.
Irobot, a former offshore sweeper, is caught in a multiplicity of difficulties, such as falling product lines, cash flow shortages, and difficult landings, and continues to decline; while stone technology is taking its share in high-impact research and development, strong product power, channels, marketing, and a continuous four-dimensional drive abroad. Rocks are expected to increase their penetration in the country, tap under American lines, and expand Western Europe and Europe.
. ..irobot R & D, marketing and control, among other things, has led to a continuous contraction of shares, cash flows are tight in search of acquisitions. According to Mirror America, the market for sales of 2023q2irobot was 27.9 per cent (7.5 pcts), down from 2021q4 (23 pcts); fewer high-end products are being sold, and the power of the product has fallen sharply, with sales below $200 per cent.
(b) A significant decline in profitability. The main disadvantages are: (1) at the R & D end, where R & D personnel report directly to the cpo, with less linkages to supply chains and markets, longer R & D cycles, and less efficient R & D; (2) at the marketing end, where marketing rates and absolute amounts are moderate but less efficient, resulting in a significant decline in the quality of marketing under reduced capital costs; (3)
At the cost end, there have been a lot of slow-downs in recent years, but not a lot of technological drops, nor a lot of shifts in surrogate plants, and the rise in labour, transport, and management costs has further compressed down the ground. Lower revenues and lower profitability have led the public division to financial difficulties. We expect the Amazons to come into the mainstream with an improved financial situation that will drive marketing.
Increased spending and synergy of products, but low-level R & D, marketing power, and control capacity are still difficult to bridge in the short term. The irobot dilemma is engineered with stone technology R & D + product + channel + marketing + the four-dimensional share of global robbery, with 2023q2 stone sales at 22.1% (+12.7 pcts) and 2021q3 just 2.4%, according to Mirror America data.
Keeping a good look at the rock takes up its share in overseas markets: (1) R & D end: short cycle, fast-moving, well-structured, highly effective, semi-annual breakthrough innovation from clean-up to full-scale stations; (2) product end: smartness, high-end, Internal Sales Focus on New Goods and Promotions, Outwards to Europe
Product performance leads foreign brands with up to 57 per cent of the market for more than $800, and the first to be evaluated is the accumulation of numerous outlets, with the rate of growth being negative and positive - company depth reports.
; on the q2 line, German/F/S/Jamason is home-grown; (4) marketing ends, increasing the daily and rapid flow of Amazons, social media fine operation, multiplatform kol grass-planting.
Low-priced products + delivery mix to meet the European and American consumer’s preferences and keep the share of stones rising. Update Report 2023.4.27 The dryer h1 is bright, the new bulge is moving.
A steady increase in the share of ground sweepers - company update 1, irobot: seeking acquisitions in difficult circumstances, expected to make it difficult to correct bottom capacity deficits 1.1, market share decline, profit potential deterioration, irobot financial difficulties
In the first half of the year, irobot achieved a gross operating income of $397 million, a decline of 27.5% compared to 27.5%. At the same time, according to mirror data, the share continued to decline by almost 23 pcts in 2021 compared to the comparable figure of 7.5 pcts, with 27.9% of sales on the irobot line in the second quarter of 2023.
According to mirror data, 2023q2 U.S. cable channels sell high-end products (US$ 600 and above) only dry-wet separation machine type j7+ and tails s9+, i4+ series, with sales at 13.9%, down 4.7 pcts from 2022, and low end products (under US$ 200) at 43.8%, up 24.4 pcts.
The decline in profitability gradually consumes available funds, and companies in distress are in dire need of cash flow replenishment. Since 2021, the net increase in cash flow, cash and cash equivalents in irobot operations has been two-fold negative, and after 2022, the cash flow gap in operating activities is almost equal to the net outflow of cash and cash equivalents.
In a difficult financial situation, on July 24, 2023, the company applied for a three-year mortgage of $200 million to provide liquidity support of about $188 million, net of distribution costs. Loans support the financial gap only to a limited extent, but cash-flow constraints will have some impact on corporate R&D and market strategies.
1.2. Actively seeking Amazon acquisitions, which are still expected to make it difficult to change bottom-line capabilities such as R & D, marketing, and control software. On August 5, the Amazon announced its intention to buy a global sweeper robot, irobot, at $61 per share, with a total transaction price of $1.43 billion. We believe that while the irobot behind the Amazon is expected to get one.
Supplementation of operating funds and increase in marketing resources, but the overall impact is modest: (1) From the perspective of the Amazon, retailers are more common in expanding their own brand business, but they can accommodate various types of products with different orientations and belts competing against each other, without exclusion.
For example, Wal-Mart, Yong-hui, Kyoto, etc., have their own brands. Amazon purchases of irobot on a limited side of the company’s influence reflect Amazon’s good view of cleaning the electrical track. (2) From the point of view of the irobot itself, the company’s dilemma is largely concentrated.
In terms of weak product strength, low drop-out performance, insufficient marketing levels and product homogeneity, Amazon accession is expected to help only partially in terms of marketing capacity and product expansion, with limited overall impact. 1.2.1, independent R & D systems, low R & D efficiency, and overall output loss.
The R & D system is independent, the R & D cycle is long, the product power is out of line. In the irobot R & D system, R & D personnel report directly to and are accountable to the Chief Product Officer, are less connected to the supply chain and marketing end, and the new product and demand end are poorly matched.
The old one, and only one new one has been launched so far in September 2021 at a price of $530,800 for a single-scaved/scaved version of a high-end company. As the company's only one-scave machine, j7+, the one-size-fits-all technology comes from a technology swap with Coworth, mainly for the domestic version of stone 7s, published in March 2021.
But the power of the product has gradually fallen, compared to the new product orevos of the entire base station, which are constantly being introduced by competitors, such as stones, and to the same time in September, when old technology has been reduced and reduced products have been updated, with fewer R & D inputs for new products.
Under the strategy, corporate R & D inputs began to shrink, with R & D costs of $2023h1 amounting to $79.9 million, or 5.4 per cent, compared to 5.4 per cent. 1.2.2, marketing efficiency is low, costs are tight, marketing quality is significantly reduced, marketing rates are medium with absolute values, and marketing investment is lower with financial difficulties.
Marketing budgets are lower at profit levels, with company sales rates of around 19% in 2018-2021, generally relatively stable, under-represented in marketing, and under-stretched in marketing quality significantly reduced. With tight marketing budgets, the pace of company social platform upgrades has slowed significantly, while online platform marketing inputs have been reduced accordingly.
For example, the sb ads (amazonsponsoredbrands) are placed above the search results page by sellers in this advertising mode, paying for the buyer's hits, and the overall cost of a small brand. In the sponsor page of the Amazon sweeper's search results, the rocks are in the list.
Under the pure surrogate model, the drop-down effort has been minimal due to the rising cost of labour and the cost of managing the transport of materials. In the first place, the company has been active in promoting technological drop-offs, mainly by targeting the main panels and driving them.
Parts such as moving chips are optimized and reset to reduce the number of pieces used, thereby reducing the cost of hardware, with an overall downscaling expected to reach 2-3 pcts. For example, during an outbreak, first-line suppliers, such as ti, are moved to second-line manufacturers, such as mega-renovation, to reset chips. However, due to the supplier’s labour costs, there are still 2-3 points per year.
Second, the company’s product production is based on a purely surrogate model, so that the cost of surrogates is also a priority. On the one hand, the company’s surrogate plants move gradually from the first to the second line, such as Jeep, and, on the other hand, most of them.
Locations have been deployed in South-East Asia and Mexico, helping to save tariffs and labour costs. But, as raw materials still need to be imported by China, and transport and management costs have increased simultaneously, we believe that the impact of changes in overall material costs is modest, mostly due to savings in South-East Asia’s tariffs on the Middle East and European countries.
1.2.4 A single product type does not meet the demand for a combination of clean products. A single product type does not meet the need for a combination of clean products.
Buying demand often requires tying up and selling other products, such as a company that worked with Tim to combine handheld vacuum cleaners, an overseas opportunity for stone technology, leading to sales of stones and technology, which generated $789 million (20.1 per cent) from sales of 2023q1 and 68.0 per cent from external sales.
(-5.0pcts). In 2022, in the face of the economic downturn abroad, the growth of stones abroad continued to be positive, yielding hundreds of millions of yuan (-14.7%). (2) In terms of shares, according to the Ovi Clouds data, the share of the sale of stone sweepers on the domestic line went to the sea with self-researched lds laser radars and slams, and in 2017, the company launched its own brand.
"Stony-swipe-swipe robot" gradually opens the way to mini-migration. (2) At the end of August 2021, the rock was launched as a self-cleaning productg10 and, according to the Ovi cloud network, the share of sales on the domestic line rose from 8% in July to g10s in December.
According to the Ovi Clouds Network, in April 2022, the share of sales on the domestic line reached 34 per cent, the share of sales reached 25 per cent, and peaked above Corvos. (4) 2023q1 launched a new piece of land sweeps (g10bure, g20, p. 10), a new combination of boxing belts covering between 3,000 and 5,000 yuan, fully meeting the needs of different groups of people, and the share of companies rose again.
In terms of R & D systems, the company has a future laboratory, an institute, an institute of electromechanics, a complete PV institute of fine layout, a deep accumulation of technology at the end of mechanical design, fluid design, and software algorithms. The ratio of R & D costs/R & D efficiency/R & D personnel is higher than that of the dragon, Kovos, and the rock.
It takes about six months to complete a breakthrough innovation from a single-cleaning product to a full-functional base site. And the irobot takes about two years, from a dust collection product, roombaj7+ to a self-assembly dust plus recognizable object function, to a single-scaved roombaj7+ in 2022.
At the same time, R & D costs are significantly lower than irobot, and overall R & D efficiency is much higher. 489 million yuan (+10.85 per cent) was invested in stone research and development in 2022, with 417 new licences granted in and out of the country.R & D costs were 7.37 per cent/Kowos/irobot in 2022 and 4.86 per cent/14.10 per cent respectively, and Irobot R & D investments were made in 2022.
High and many core patents exist, but there is a lack of innovation in products, laser navigation and rags from clean technologies, and the cost of R & D is high. If R & D efficiency is measured by the number of net profits/R & D personnel, 24/10.6 million yuan/persons in 2022, or more than twice the efficiency of R & D in Kovos.
• More efficient research and development in rock technology: (1) higher profitability, higher net interest rates in stone technology than in Cavos and irobot: (2) market insight, management of consumption trends and product pain points, accelerated construction of a multi-product matrix, and improved overall competitiveness of products/brands; (3) technology reduction, allowing companies to exchange prices in the industry
Quantities, ownership. 2.2. Products: Performance leads overseas brands, smartness, high-end enabling overseas market expansion.
Rock brands are different from the irobot, shark, eufy, high-end product-location groups that follow the value-for-money route. From the lead-market price line, irobot products are at less than $300 in the US, shark at $400-600, and euffy at less than $300.
All were over $300, and the high-end flagship s8proultra cost up to $1599. According to mirror data, 2023m1~m7irobot/stone/sark/eufy products were sold to its own three full-scale station products (qrevo, s8proultra, s7max) during Plateday 2023.
Up to 30% of sales, q5+ and q7max+ of two single-station products. Multiple singles enter the list of bestsellers on the basis of sales. As of August 16, 2023, stone q5+, s7 and qrevo were ranked 7/13/21 on the Amazon betsell on the basis of sales.
S8proultra is ranked 46th in the price range, with rock technology leading high-end sales of more than $800, suggesting that high-end rock products have higher consumer acceptance in the United States. 2023m1~m7(1) based on mirrors.
United States dollar sales were close to 40 per cent; (2) $500-800, irobot/rock/sark/eufy sales were 57.3 per cent/26 per cent, and the sales were less than 1 per cent, with 45 per cent, irobot 25 per cent, and the sales were less than 5 per cent, respectively.
Stone technology is smart, high-end, leading overseas brands, and rock technology is leading overseas markets with all-power-based station products. Stone products are integrated from all-power clean-up and self-purchasing, while irobot top products contain only self-assembled dust.
For example, in 2023, a new overseas flagship s8proultra, published at the Ces show by rock technology, (1) suction lifts up to 6,000 pa. (2) vibrating ground modules have been improved twice as much. (3) double rubber brushing systems are more effective against hair tangles. (4) Double rollers and mops can automatically lift up and solve the problem of home carpets in Europe and America wet with a single mop.
Carpet pain spots. (5) 3d reactive shelter, capable of identifying and cleaning pet faeces, is suitable for European-American families. (6) S8proultrage stations add hot wind drying functions.
(i) Improved rock navigation technology: rock technology uses laser radar technology, while irobot is based on full-sighted technology and is now relatively superior to rock technology in navigation technology;
Rocks have a better ability to avoid them: the first two-faced shelter t7pro, which was formerly branded primarily as a single-eyed shelter, was followed by a 3d-line structure light +ai shelter strategy that applied drones and autopilot techniques to dry-damp land shelters.
(3) The products of stone technology are more common: heavy suction, scavenging, automatic recognition of carpet floors for “paint-up”, automatic water-filling, self-cleaning, automatic dust-gathering, etc., so that a machine can simultaneously meet the complex needs of overseas users and solve the user’s pain. At one time, the roomba under the irobot flag divided the mop-up function into two sets.
Machine, in 2022, only one single mop-up type was introduced. (4) Rocks have a better experience of noise reduction: night silence, 60 db, far better than irobot, irobot roombas9+ noise experience, only 3.1 points;
(5) With regard to the continuation of the voyage, each brand flag ship can be automatically charged in a timely manner, but the stone is quickly refilled and broken so that a house-wide cleaning can be done at a faster rate. (6) The rock is more automated: based on the configuration of automatic dust collection, automatic charging, self-cleaning, etc.
Stones are used to break through tow scenes and perform automatic drainage, mopping, drying, etc. Stones are used to produce different product strategies for consumers in different regions. Rocks are also used to gather feedback from users of power platforms to understand the demands of consumers in different regions.
Clearly, there are a lot of carpets in overseas households, and there is a much greater demand for dust. So the strategy for stone products differs, with the country being driven by drags, and the foreign market being driven by sweeps and sniffs.
In terms of ratings, according to the US-American list of Bestsellers, stone-scanner ratings and five-star ratings are higher than competitions, higher than 4.4, higher than 70% for five stars, and less than 70% for each five-star. irobot claims that the company's most powerful robotic vacuum cleaner, irobotroombas9+, ranks 11th.
With only 55% of the five-star ratings, the difference focuses on mapping failures, barriers, noise, and apps.
S7maxvultra, a clean-trawling robot under a rock's technology flag, shows a strong product of hard power and creativity. 2.3. Channels: promising to expand to U.S. Underline, it is to be expected that Amazon will take its own place.
In 2017, the company started to build up its own technology, mainly through collaboration with distributors such as Mu morning, purple light, and cross-border power suppliers and underline distribution channels, to quickly build a global distribution network and speed up branding. Since 2018, stone technology has started to build its own channels, including the main ones.
The localization of channels, mainly through distributors, direct company access to large channels, such as Amazons, and small couple shops, such as small ones, which have been set up mainly through distributors. Companies have now established overseas companies in the United States, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, Germany, South Korea, etc.
In the United States, Amazon, Jiadebo, Tagget, Bethie, and Wal-Mart online platforms have opened online brand shops, and have gained wide consumer recognition through sustained branding inputs. European markets: European consumers tend to view product performance choices, with no special preference for brands.
Early stone sales have been traced back to a larger number of consumers from Germany, Russia and Spain, so companies have taken the lead in early sea trips to European markets, using a wide range of national distributors, to fast-track overseas markets, which are now under-lined.
U.S. Markets: Mostly offline channels, but big businesses like Wal-Marts are difficult to get in, and barriers are high, the public authorities are using online channels to break through, creating stand-alone stations, Amazons, bastbuys, walmart.com, etc.
In order to sell the scene, the attempt to build the Amazon channel of stone technology has also borne fruit. According to junglescout, in 2020, rock technology was 13% gmv in the US station sweeper class, after irobot (38%). Consumers in the United States have a habit of using bulldozers and rely on the powerful properties of stones, as long as they are consumers.
The new technologies and jump-in experiences of stone technology are felt when you try to do so. The U.S. market line has been expanded to the bottom ka channel in the second half of the year. The online platform is expected to take back its own business. 2023q2 companies are gradually taking back Germany, France, Spain, and others.
Japan’s online Amazon platform is expected to replicate the success of the United States. 2.4. Marketing: enhancing the flow of Amazonian mega-platforms to grow grass, increasing the cost of sales. Corporate sales rates have continued to rise since 2019, but are generally lower than Coworth and irobot.
The cost of the first sale reached 20 per cent, mainly due to increased promotional fees, platform fees and labour costs incurred by companies to further expand the market, both within and outside the country, and to enhance marketing services and the construction of deep-farm brands. In 2022, the cost of the marketing of stone advertising amounted to $833 million, representing 63.2 per cent of the cost of sales.
Deep-farming Amazon America to speed up global branding. Health accounts were set up initially under the exclusive Amazon client manager’s guidance, from brand registration to application for transparency transparency, to fba logistics interface, maintenance of client reviews, step by step.
After that, a steady increase in advertising sales began. Seeking the professional support of the Amazon team, trying long-cycle techniques, including pre-product listing, flag shop decorations, audience analysis at a later stage, intra-activity declarations, and more efficient promotion of next- order transformation and brand awareness.
Increased Amazon cost investments, combined with data from spa ads (Amazon search ads), dsp ads (Mobile exhibition ads). The search for robotic vacuum cleaners will be sponsored by stones, mainly s7, s8proultra, and orevo. The Amazon consumer feedback and backstage data can also help rocks.
For example, after analysing the number of Amazons, stone technology found that the image of the user was clearly biased towards men, especially young married men. Thus, when Amazon posts advertisements, stone technology uses more technology while presenting a pleasant home environment.
To attract male consumers and promote the bill, social media are being used to create a “one-stop” service. (1) Stones are actively laid to tiktok and facebook, multiple accounts are carefully managed, each region and country.
Accounts have their own features that meet the needs of users in different regions. Accounts are mainly designed to show the production function of Roborock, highlighting its usefulness. North America’s main account, Roborockglobal, holds two liveaway events a month, offering the most popular new items of the season, and the keyway is conducive to user interaction and needs to be shared.
Experienced and relayed, and raised the user's awareness of the stone. (2) Stones work with red stars in instagram to expand the client base.
Propaganda 8+ allows for more effective removal of skins from pets, and adds a link to the purchase of S8+ on the end of the post. In the North American market, the stone works with a doctor of medicine @drculver, @drculver focuses on medical knowledge, daily life, fans 10w+, focusing on the middle-class stage of subsistence.
@drculver posted a video on Women's Day 3-8 to provide detailed information on the product, adding Roborock's official account number and related topics, attracting fans to prepare for subsequent purchases.
Figure 30: Stones in March 2023 in collaboration with US Doctor of Medicine @drculver Figure 29: Stones in collaboration with Thai pet pup in May 2023 @nooodmifamily
The s7maxv (3) rock works with linustechtips to promote the product in yooutube. Linustechtips, a well-known technology channel on YouTube, has 15.5 million subscriptions.
The new product s7maxv (ultra) produced a 21-minute medium video presentation to fans, which, as of August 2023, had a total of 2.26 million views.
A 15.5 million subscriptions, an emotional connection with the user, enhances brand trust. Once the sweeper updates or repairs the small bug, the user receives a message that helps the user to rely on the brand, later in the forum, the media.
When they reach the first core users and build trust, they will automatically “speak” stone technology.
(1) European markets: Stone sweeper products lead in sales. According to the Tide Think Tank, stone technology ranked first in the robotic sales in the European electricity market in January 2023, with stone technology covering the top five of the thermal products.
"Roborock" searches are higher than "irobot." Figure 35: French stone search heat is higher than irobot on pd day 2023, figure 36: Spanish stone search heat is higher than irobot on pd day 2023
According to Amazon data, the market for stone sweepers in the German market was 13/15% in 2022, ranking first, with 244/37% higher at the same time. German-wide cities accounted for nearly 40%. In France, Spain, etc., consumption levels are comparable to those in Germany and are expected to replicate them.
In Germany, the success story continues to raise the company’s local market position. Overall, in April-July 2023, the new product was launched (2) in the United States: the high-strength, high-selling strategy continues to work.
The sales market, at 18.0%, is the second largest. Priceday (7.12-7.13) continues with the excellent list. The search for the “roborock” of American Google trends rose sharply during the period of Plumday in 2023, during which irobot’s heat level was flat and the brand of stones had taken over the consumer’s mind, and consumers were reading stone pages.
There's a possible “water supply” for new products. 2.5. Rock breakup thinking: diversified layout + access under the overseas line + self-building capacity 2.5.1, caters to consumers in Europe and the United States, actively deploys under the overseas line.
In addition to years of product, brand, and channel accumulation, irobot has a good quality sense and a strong endurance in product appearances; the product mix and accessories are more abundant and are in line with Euro-American consumer preferences, good after-sale services, low prices, and suitable for the current downward trend in consumption.
These are the improvements that can be drawn from the stone, the strong weights and lines of the stone, which can be placed under the foreign line for a long time. 2.5.2. Self-build can accelerate the build-up of self-controllable capabilities and enhance the competitiveness of the company in a multidimensional manner.
In 2022, stone technology used over-funds of $459.753 million, a fully-owned subsidiary of the Replenishment Company, the new capital-raising investment project, the Self-Building Manufacturing Centre Project, was established on a lease basis for a period of seven years.The project construction period is expected to be 23 months, and the project is expected to yield an internal return of 36.46 per cent after the expected post-natal tax.
The project is expected to reach production in 2023, taking into account the company’s previous experience in training alternative plants. The self-building and commissioning model is not expected to differ significantly from the Mäori ratio, while at the same time it is expected that the company’s ability to control it will increase.
We believe that the competitiveness of firms will be enhanced by building their own manufacturing centres in a multi-dimensional manner. (1) The ability to build smarts and build high corporate barriers to competition is extended. High corporate barriers to competition are built through the integration of production and marketing, the integration of value chain links, and strategic synergies. (2) Strong support for corporate technological innovation is created.
The increased capacity and complexity of the assembly chain has also increased in importance during the manufacturing phase, allowing for a high degree of self-production, which has contributed to greater flexibility in the design and development of new products. (3) Increased delivery capacity and rapid response capacity. Given that companies were affected by supply-chain shortages in 2021, self-building capacity will level the supply of their products.
The purchase chain converts some of the raw materials originally purchased by the sub-plant to self-procurement, which allows for efficient savings in surrogate costs, while the production chain enhances controlability and stability of product quality.
3- Profit forecasting and investment proposals to continue to take into account the high incomes of stone-based technology sales in the run-up to the season of new pulls and power suppliers, and the gradual improvement in the low base of external sales. (1) Three pieces of land-cleaning in the new product have performed well, the Māori rate is expected to be stable under this effort, and industry competes.
The competition has slowed; (2) the European market has moved to a low base, and the US-Asian channels have continued to show their brightness and are expected to continue to go down the line and sell new goods less than expected; the price risk of raw materials; and the demand for high inflation overseas is less than expected.