The introduction of a new product, p10pro, is looking forward to an increase in the share, and new items are added to an increase in the volume of sales and stone technology (688169.sh).
• Stone p10pro precision to the appliance of the labeler's high-end machine, with a better price of 3999: (1) Stone p10pro has an intelligent dynamic mechanical arm to solve the problem of drawling on the edge.
The square body solves the border drag problem, but the price of both competing products is more than 5,000 and the price of stones is higher. (2) Stone p10pro has hot water re-cleaning functions. Coworth walker type t20pro, the main hit, is the hot water-washing mop, which is also priced at 3999, rock p10pro with more mechanical arm functions and more robust performance.
(3) By rediscovering that companies are not in a hurry to pre-sell, they compete differently with their friends ' products over the same period, or with improved functionality or lower prices, and provide better product use experiences to consumers at the same time as they use their power, the construction of the money creates a virtuous circle of slogans, leading to a continuous increase in their share.
• No significant reduction in the price of new and old products, continued improvement in the European market, and a stable projected profitability (1) Stones usually cover lower price bands and new iterative functions by pushing new ones, with high value for money through technology, cutting off non-essential functions, and keeping the Māori rate of new products at around 50%.
The price reduction for old products will affect the Māori rate. (2) The regional income share of the rock in Europe is about 35%, distribution patterns are prearranged.
Apart from the fact that the cost of stone sales has been consistently lower than in the industry, with emphasis on conversion rates, low net interest rates, tremors, downline channels, "Care for new goods and big push" in the interior, and a lower share for Europe. The decline in Māori 2023q2 in Coworth is mainly lower and lower Māori channels account for a net increase, among other things.
The interest rate decline also includes losses on new business, which are not industry-specific and are expected to stabilize the profitability of the stones.1 The company has launched a new piece of land sweeper p10pro, which looks forward to a new strategy of homogeneity.
1.1. New item p10pro vs. partner vendor high-end type, selling point "intelligent dynamic robotic arm + hot water shampoo" and offering better value for money The company launched new item p10pro.p10pro on August 28th, "intellectual dynamic mechanical arm + hot water shampoo"
P10pro has an intelligent dynamic arm to solve the problem of the moping. The same thing is done by tracking up the high-end machine x20pro/x30Pro, who also handles the drag by mechanical arm: the new Cavos flag ship x2 through squares.
Stones p10pro has hot water rewashing functions. Coworth walker t20pro, the main point of sale is hot water washing, moping, and the price is also 3999, and stone p10pro has more mechanical arm function and more robust performance.
1.2. Retrieval history, where corporate homogeneity push strategies continue to work, and share ends continue to rise. Looking back, we find that corporate push continues the consistent homogeneity strategy.
In October 2021, after the launch of g10 in September 2021, the market for the sale of stone brands reached 19.2%, up from 8.5 pcts.
In March 2022, the company launched the full base product g10s at lower prices. In the second half of 2022, high prices attracted only a small portion of the high-end consumers. In March 2022, the company introduced the full-power base plant product g10s at a price of $4799, lowering the full-power base product purchase threshold, and the product was sold again.
Data on Wie Clouds online, following the launch of g10s in March 2022, the market for stone brands in April 2022 was 33.7 per cent, an increase of 16.3 pcts compared to the same period.In the 618 new product cycle in 2023, companies continued to use the main brand to launch even lower-priced full-scale station products.p10.
In 2023, in the context of the industry’s “price-for-value” industry, the company launched a full-power base product of $3299 under the main brand, p. 10, using a rotating and pressurized mop function continuously promoted by friends, further lowering the price threshold of the full-power base. In the same period, Coworth attacked the full-scale station product under $3,000 under the sub-brand brand.
In April 2023, the sales of stone brands reached 30.8%, and the ring rose by 9.1 pcts. By copying, we found that the company was not in a hurry to sell it first, but that it was in the same period.
Differential competition, or improved functionality, or lower prices, offering better product use experiences to consumers at the same time that they use their power, continued to be hot for sale, and the construction of a single bomb created a virtuous circle of monolithic accumulation, with the company’s share continuously rising. We look forward to the company’s new p10pro based on “Intelligent Dynamic Mechanic Arm + Hot Water Rewashing”.
The European market continues to improve, the United States market is pushing up high prices, and it is expected to be profitable. 2.1. The subregion looks at the recovery of high net interest rates in Europe and the recovery of high prices in Asia and the Pacific.
Rocks and technology sales dominated, with a 32-68 per cent share of domestic/foreign sales, respectively. The sales segment saw a 48.2 per cent/North America/Asia-Pacific external sales ratio of 2023q1 per cent and a total of 19.0 per cent/32.8 per cent, respectively.
The net interest rate is expected to remain above 10 per cent in China and the United States, using the direct electricity-market model, mainly Skycats, Bootys and traditional power-market platforms in Kyoto. (2) European and Asia-Pacific companies are expected to maintain net interest rates at around 10 per cent or more in Europe and Asia and the Pacific, mainly through distribution models, primarily through market entry and offline channels through distributors.
Other European markets are expected to replicate Germany’s success stories. According to Amazonian data, the market for stone sweepers in Germany ranked first in 2022, with sales of 2023h1, with growth of 244 per cent and 37 per cent, respectively, at the same time, at the pressure of the big plate.
We believe that France, Spain, etc., have the same level of consumption as Germany, and that the company is expected to replicate Germany’s success story and continue to raise the company’s local presence. European markets are leading in the sale of stone-scanning machine products.
The U.S. market is high, and the net interest rate is expected to rise after harvest. At the middle end of the US-Asia product, with high-end products running through the Amazon channel, the company’s North American market is doing well, with 2022/2023q1 revenue.
The same year, 58.7 per cent/51.7 per cent of companies registered a steady increase in their market share, with the second highest in Black Five and the second highest in Plume Day. The second second highest in the 2022m11 market, with the second highest in the case of Sark.
Figure 8: The market share of companies has steadily increased, with the structure of American products above the shark in Black Five dominated by the high end of the series. Rock brands are different from the irobot, shark, whose products are high-end, and three full-scale station products (qrevo, s8proultra, qrevo, s8proultra, qréméday, 2023).
S7maxultra's sales are over 30%. According to mirrors, 2023m1~m7 stone technology is about $500, with more than 45% of the gold sold, and 57.3% of the high-end market of over $800, widely recognized by consumers.
In a sharp rise, irobot's heat levels were flat during the same period, and it appears that the brand of stone has taken over the consumer's mind.
According to Mirror America, the market for sales of 2023q2irobot was 27.9% (7.5 pcts), down 23 pcts from 2021q4.3 Newer + older products are not subject to significant price reductions, with a focus on marketing conversion and projected net interest rates.
3.1. Continuous technology abatements, cost plus pricing, stable rates of Maori for new products. Rocks usually cover lower price bands and new iterative functions by pushing new ones to achieve high value for money by cutting off non-essential functions and keeping the rate of Maori for new products at around 50%.
Unlike other manufacturers, companies use cost-plus-50% Māori pricing strategies to price new products, and Māori rates are stable.
Instead of significantly lowering prices, older goods compete through the introduction of new products to cover lower prices, so that the profitability of the original product is not significantly affected. The bottom capacity to introduce low-priced new products without damaging profit margins stems from the company’s continuing ability to cut technology.
Through technology research and development, the Division achieves equal and even better functionality while using fewer components, and better matches consumer demand. Arithmetic is the core technology of stone technology, which reduces hardware requirements when the algorithm is upgraded.
At the same time, Māori rates have stabilized. According to the Ovi Clouds Network, p10 and g10pure have a market share of 6.62% and 10.36% respectively on the product delivery line, showing a high level of market recognition.
The decline in the Māori ratio of 2023q2 in Coworth is mainly due to price reductions and an increase in the share of low Māori channels, as well as a decline in net interest rates, including losses on new business, which are not industry-specific and are expected to be profitable, leading to a higher share of the company. According to the Ovi cloud network, the share of the sale of stone sweepers on the domestic line is from 2020q1.
Competition patterns in the domestic land sweep industry have improved, and it is expected that the environment will improve for domestic land sweeper marketing costs. (1) The Kovos newspaper has revealed that the increase in sales costs of 2023h1 is mainly due to platform uniforms as a result of increased revenue from live broadcasts.
As a result of the increase in fees and commissions, there has been a significant increase of 65 per cent, while marketing promotion and advertising fees have increased by only about 12 per cent, which has subsided. (3) The market share of cloud whales has continued to decline, with only limited space for projected investment.
On August 28, the company launched an upgrade stone from the clean-up machine p10pro, a new product to its friend, a high-end product that is functional but more cost-effective, and continues to take its share of the profits in the country. We maintain the profit forecast, and we expect it to be worth it.
The sale of new items has fallen short of expectations; the price risk of raw materials; and the demand for high overseas inflation has fallen short of expectations.