Three quarters to overcome the multifactorial challenge of maintaining a strong ability to cash in profits The company issues three quarterly reports: 24,646 million won in the first three quarters, compared to +536.40 per cent in the previous three quarters;
Adverse factors, such as non-ferrous metals, energy metals, and disease management, have led to higher profits than expected, maintaining strong profitability. Lithium salt sales have increased by an average price of 2202. National electricity carbon q3 has increased by 2.77 per cent; national production of hydrogen has increased by an average price of 2.77 per cent.
The main reasons why the company’s 2203 net profit ring was down from 2202 are: 1) Greenbush lithium, the second half of the price of the concentrate mine, which has increased significantly compared to the first half of the year; 2) the association’s sqmq2 increase.
q1 less estimated returns, q3 less impact; 3) company 22q3 is expected to be affected by electricity restrictions in Sichuan region, and sales of lithium salt are not fully released.
Investment earnings from the consortium Som;2 as of the third quarter, the corporate asset-liability ratio was only the company's hands on the world's best lithium resource, and the smelting of the end-products was advancing steadily.
The company has an indirect stake of 26.01% of the Green Bush lithium mine, but it still has control of the mine. In addition, the company is conducting a feasibility study for the reopening of the Zorra lithium mine in Sichuan.
In addition, in the first phase of the Quinana project in Australia, an annual production line of 24,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide has been tested.
Tianqi Lithium Industry (002466.sz) 2021 Annual Report & First Quarterly 2022: Hand, Investment End: The Company now holds a stockholding of sqm 21.90%. Sqm now produces 120,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate capacity per year. Tianqi Lithium Industry - 002466-2021 Performance Review: Lithium Resource King, Performance Card.
Lithium carbonate production is expected to increase to 180,000 tons in the second half of the year. Lithium carbonate sales in sqm in 2021 were estimated at 10.11 million tons, and sales are expected to increase from 140,000 tons of lce to 145,000 tons of lce throughout the year.
A solid raw material guarantee, with a fundamental reversal after the debt crisis, is expected to fully enjoy the elasticity of performance from the high-growth cycle in the lithium industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The first three quarters saw a net return profit of about $16 billion and a net return profit of about $5.7 billion for 22q3
The company publishes three quarterly reports: 24,646 million won in the first three quarters, i.e. +536.40 per cent in the same year; the effect of the realization of the net return factor is that the profits are expected and that the ability to realize the profits is strong. Figure 2: The net return of the company to the mother and the rate of increase (in billions, %)
The sales average price of the ring rose by 2202. Lithium prices in the country were in the adjustment stage, mainly because of the effects of the epidemic, which led to a reduction or shutdown of some of the vehicles downstream. In the price adjustment process, downstream customers were less aggressive and purchased on demand than before.
The average national price of electricity is 47.25/4856 million yuan (including taxes) and the average price of q3 has increased by 2.77 per cent; the average national price of hydrogen has increased by 1.41 per cent to 47.39/4806 million yuan (including taxes) and the average price of q3 has increased by 1.41 per cent. The company price of lithium salt has followed the market and is expected to be very close to the price quoted in the spot market.
1) The price of the second half of Greenbush lithium concentrates has increased significantly over the first half of the year. The price of the first half of Greenbush ' s chemical-grade lithium concentrates was US$ 1770/tonnefob, which is expected to rise to US$ 4187/tonnefob in the second half of the year, with an increase of about US$ 13-14 million in the cost of a single ton of lithium salt products. The company introduced igo as a strategy.
After the investors, they now hold an indirect share of 26.01% of the Green Bush lithium mine, but they still sell 51% of the Green Bush lithium mine, in addition to meeting the needs of their own lithium salt production line, and the surplus lithium mine can be sold by commissioning.
Using rates, the Lithium Tianqi industry is supplied with approximately 20,000 tons of lithium concentrate, of which 10,000 tons are in the Lithium Tianqi industry, and 10,000 tons are in the lithium industry, and the price increase is mainly due to the increase in the unit cost of production of the latter 10,000 tons of lce lithium salt products.
2) Associated company sqm 2202 increased the under-estimated gain of 2201 and reduced the impact of 2203. Associated company sqm previously disclosed 22q1 business performance in excess of the business gain/loss data projected by the company, such as qm22q1eps, used by the company in its quarterly report, resulting in a net profit/mortality of 22q2
As a result, net profits increased by about RMB 620 million, and this part of the impact of q3 is expected to diminish. The theory is that the yield of lithium salt in a single quarter should be around 20,000 tons, about 10,000 tons of self-produced and 10,000 tons of sub-employees; however, it was due to the imposition of electricity restrictions on enterprises in the province for about two weeks in the Sichuan region in August due to the heat and weather effects.
Production restrictions, which are expected to result in lower than expected sales of lithium salt and a drop in production ring q2. For four quarters: one domestic lithium price increase trend will be difficult to change, and we expect domestic electricity, carbon and hydrogen prices to rise to $600,000 per tonne; and two companies will increase sales of lithium salt ring ratios, which theoretically will be delivered in a single quarter.
The amount should be 20,000 tons lce or even higher;3 due to the six-monthly adjustment of the price of the Greenbush lithium concentrate, the q4 package price and q3 are expected to be equal. On balance, we expect the company's net profit ring of 22q4 to meet its leverage target of 22q3;3 as of the third quarter, the company had approximately $6,744 million in hand currency, up from q2
Increases and significant reductions in financial costs, as well as a decline in the company-time cost ratio. Figure 4: Changes in the company-time cost ratio
The company's vision, its strategic deployment of high-quality resources in China, Australia and Chile, its construction of standard-setting, technologically advanced lithium-commodity production bases, and its efforts to achieve a long-term development strategy of “upstream, middle-stream and downstream” with vertically integrated global industrial chains have been combined with a global strategy.
Partnering for the long-term sustainable development of lithium ion cell technology in the electric automobile and energy storage industries, striving to be a global power change driver. At the resource end, the company uses the Green Bush lithium mine in Western Australia as its resource base, and the Sichuan Yajiang Tsola lithium mine as its source base.
The Green Bush Lithium Mine, with the completion of the tailings project, will expand the lithium concentrate from 1.34 million tonnes/year to 1.0 million ton/tonfob, with an expected increase in the second half of the year to $4,187/tonfob. In addition, Green Bush has two more expansion plans: 1)cgp3 is expected to be launched this year, and construction will be completed in 2025.
In the long run, the Green Bush lithium mineral is expected to reach 2.66,000 tons/year, with a 350,000-ton contract. The Taiwan lithium industry is introducing igo as a strategic investor.
After that, an indirect stake of 26.01 per cent in the Green Bush Lithium mine, but still in control of the Green Bush Lithium mine, could meet 100 per cent of the company ' s existing production needs for lithium salt production and provide a solid basis for future expansion of lithium salt production.
The company is conducting a feasibility study on the re-launching of the first phase of the Lithium Moniterite plant in Yajiang, which, when completed, will further enhance the company’s resource security and enhance the stability of the company’s supply chain of raw materials.
At the end of the product, the company currently has three production bases in the country, of which the Sichuan shooting flood production base has a capacity of 24,000 tonnes/year, including 5,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide; the Jiangsujiang production base is the world's first fully automated lithium carbonate production plant, with capacity of 20,000 tonnes/year; and the Chongqing beam production base is mainly engaged in the development and production of lithium metal products.
600 tonnes/year, the copper beam base is proposed to be expanded in two phases of a 2,000-ton metal lithium project, which is expected to be operational and operational in 2023 for 800 tonnes, and in 2025 for 1,200 tonnes in phase II. In addition, the company is currently building a 20,000-ton annual lithium carbonate project in the Aning area of Suinging City, Sichuan Province, which is expected to be 2023
The company has one production base overseas, and in Quinana, Australia, there are two periods of a total of 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line. Of this, the first phase of the project, 24,000 tons of capacity decomposing, was carried out in a normal manner, and the first batch of about 10 tons of lithium hydroxide was sampled by the company's internal laboratory and tested in 2022.
This process is expected to take four to eight months. During this period, phase II of the project, initiated by the company and tlk, has been largely completed and is still in a state of suspension.
On the basis of effective validation of the full operation of the first phase of the project, a combination of market demand, corporate mobility, etc., is needed to validate and adjust the plan for the construction of lithium hydroxide II. At the investment end, the company now holds a shareholding of sqm 21.90%. Sqm is the world’s largest producer of lithium from salt lakes.
(a) tons. According to the sqm announcement, its capacity for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide will increase to 180,000 tons and 30,000 tons, respectively, this year, and by 2023 it will further increase its capacity to 210,000 tons of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide, respectively, up to 145,000 tons of lce; and the average price for the sale of lithium carbonate from sqm22q2 to more than 54,000 United States dollars/tonne;
In addition to the current sqm lithium carbonate sales structure, about 15% of the orders are sold at fixed prices or at specified intervals, about 70% of the orders are made under variable price contracts linked to a specific benchmark, and about 15% of the purchase price is not locked. Sqm also holds 50% of the share in the Western Australia mtholland project, with a prospective capacity of 50,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide per year.
The company, as the second-largest shareholder of sqm, is expected to earn a higher return on investment from its rapid expansion of productive capacity. Also, in May 2022, the company signed a Strategic Partnership Agreement and a Lithium Carbonate Supply Framework Agreement with China Innovation, which are intended to work together at all stages of the lithium electricity chain: while China Innovation is the cornerstone.
Investors invested about $50 million in the first publicly released offshore foreign shares (h shares). On 21 September 2022, the company ' s fifth board of directors, at its thirtieth meeting, considered and adopted the Bill on the first publicly released participation as a cornerstone investor in China-Innovation for Hong Kong, a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, Tianqi Lithium Industries Hong Kong Ltd.
It is proposed to use up to $100 million of its own capital as the first publicly released share of the Innovative Line in the joint venture as a base investor, and on September 21st 2022, 2022, with the China-China Innovative Line, the limited public salt lake resources of the Washington financial holdings (Hong Kong), with a very high potential for extension, providing solid raw material security for the expansion of lithium salt production in China and China.
The company is expected to fully enjoy the elasticity of performance associated with the high-growth cycle in the lithium industry and to maintain a “buy-in” rating following a fundamental reversal in the aftermath of the debt crisis.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject