Resource advantages and high lithium prices drive high performance 17 October 2022 Lithium salt prices are re-innovated and companies continue to outperform expectations.
Market data: Upgraded on October 14, 2022, lithium ion battery manufacturers accelerated the expansion of their production capacity, downstream positive material orders warmed, and there was a significant increase in sales and sales prices of the company ' s lithium products.
Highest/minimum in the year: The capacity continues to climb up the slope, gradually approaching the full capacity of 1.62 million tonnes/year. As of 14 October, battery-grade lithium carbonate and battery-grade lithium hydroxide were quoted as 54.50 and 52.5 million yuan/tons, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year.
Market value of the share in circulation a (billions of United States dollars): the return on investment is recognized on the market at the New Dealer and the joint promotion of high and sustained growth in corporate performance is expected to increase significantly in the three-quarters performance of the affiliated firm sqm.
The low-cost advantage of having high-quality lithium resources globally is evident. The company’s holding subsidiary, Telison, owns the Australian Lithium Limestone Mine, which in 2021 accounted for about 38% of the world’s lithium mineral volume; the fully-owned subsidiary, which has the right to mine the Tsola Lithite Mineral in Sichuan Yagang County, is moving forward with the re-launching of the mine;
Sqm owns the gascama salt lake resources, has the world’s largest lithium halogen resources and reserves, and has sold 7.23 million tons of lithium and its derivatives in the first half of the year. The company’s lithium concentrates are 100% self-sufficient and cost only $271 per ton (at an average cost of approximately $386 per ton).
Lithium salt production continues to expand, with clear upstream-downstream synergies. The company ' s lithium compounds and their derivatives now have a capacity of 688 tonnes/year.
During the production phase, 24,000 tons of lithium hydroxide were constructed in due course in two phases; the LICO battery-grade lithium project was expected to be completed in the second half of 2023; the construction of 2,000 tons of lithium metal in copper beams was being planned; and the production capacity was not planned for 1148 tons/year. The company signed a long-term supply contract with Defonami, lg chemistry.
A cooperation agreement was signed with the Innovator-Innovator-Straight-Beijing, to maximize the benefits and create synergies of the resources available to the company.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Advance data are only preliminary accounting data, with subsequent risk of correction; risk of significant fluctuations in the price of lithium salt; \triangleright downstream lithium electricity demand less than expected risk; project capacity delivery less than expected risk; macroeconomic increases
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.