Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh): double-priced, higher net interest income and asset quality maintained as at 29 April 2025
Incidents: On 28 April, Jiangsu Bank published a newspaper for the first quarter of 2025.
On the basis of the urban commercial banks, the consolidated and restructured modern stock-based commercial banks have created a new model for the reform of the local corporate bank, which was officially opened on 24 January 2007 by Jiangsu.
The province’s only local corporate bank, one of the country’s 20 system-intensive banks, is based in Jiangsu Nanjing.
2 On the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In keeping with its mission of “bringing for a good life”, the company is “combining innovation, doing practical things, making good gains” and is contributing mainly to a faster growth in net interest income from a higher scale + a steady recovery in net interest differentials (oy)
The corporate culture, led by a leading commercial bank that is “specialized, intelligent, integrated, internationalized” has grown into a modern stock-based commercial silver that combines strength and market competitiveness.
Credits increased in the first quarter and investments in public entities were increased. 1q25 Jiangsu Bank total assets, loans +12.8%, +8% at the beginning of the year, and the increase was in the forefront of listed banks; 16.6 billion new loans were added in the first quarter, up from 80% of last year ' s increase.
The recovery in demand for retail credit, especially for public loans, will take time. The cost of the debt will be significantly improved by measuring a one-quarter increase in the net interest differential.
Don't drop by 19bp, 54bp; show that, as long-term deposits expire, deposit rates are reduced by dividends, asset quality as a whole is improved and provision is sufficiently prudent. 1q25 Jiangsu Bank non-performing loan rate is 0.86 per cent, and the ring ratio is down by 3bp; for forward-looking indicators, the focus is on loans at 1.33 per cent, the ring is down by 7bp, and the loan is overdue.
The ratio of non-performing loans is 71.4 per cent and the ratio of loans in the third phase is equivalent to a poor rate, reflecting a relative degree of caution with regard to poor recognition. From 24 years of bad write-off disposal and generation, 24,880 million non-performing loans were written off throughout the year, which is related to the stage of retail risk, which is judged mainly to be high. With regard to the provision, 1q25 has increased its provision.
Investment proposals: The Bank’s core indicators, such as size growth and interest differentials, are bright, asset quality is excellent, risk offset capacity is adequate and performance is robust. The 24-year share of red money is stable at 30%, and now the source of financial prosperity in the East.
High value of dividends, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. Significant out-of-expected fluctuations in quality; sharp contraction in the industry’s net difference.
Figure 1: Bank Jiangsu accumulated revenue, net profit increased in relation to year, Figure 2: Bank Jiangsu collects in single quarter, net profit increased in relation to year, Figure 3: Bank Jiangsu split performance 2024, 1q25
Figure 4: Performance of Jiangsu Bank negative return/pay/interest rate and net interest differential (disclosed value) Figure 5: Non-performing loan rate of Jiangsu Bank, interest on loan stock ratio
The Bank of Jiangsu (600919.sh): double-priced, higher net interest income and asset quality maintained - one quarter of 2025
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh): double-priced, higher net interest income and high asset quality - one-quarter review in 2025
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.