Events: The company published three-quarterly reports in 2024. 24q1-3, the company achieved business income of $89.39 billion, income ring recovery, and milk powder continued to grow.
After saving, the company’s revenues are on track to recover the ring and narrow the same scale. By category, q3 liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products, and cold-drinking products have recorded revenues of $20,637 million, and milk powders have performed brightly and have continued to rise in the first half of the year.
The q3 Māori ratio \triangleright ring ratio - 5.5% while the q3 national retail price of milk has been reduced by the same amount in the previous two quarters.
We assume that the decline in the original milk price and the contraction in the retail price of the product have led to a significant increase in the Māori rate. At the end of the scale, the cost of sales or because the channel stock was still being cleaned up in July, the ratio was +1.08 pct, the management cost rate, the R&D cost rate, and the financial cost rate was the same -0.38 pt, respectively.
The decline in the share of out-of-business expenditures (primarily donor spending over the same period last year, compared to 0.86 pct) resulted in a net profit rate of 11.41 per cent for q3 companies, which exceeded market expectations by +1.62 pct. Business performance continued to be excellent, with the full class of business remaining the highest.
At \triangleright, liquid milk was in the top of the industry, and gold-coated organic milk was strong; milk powder was sold in China City as a whole.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: The income ring begins to recover, and the market turns. The company has taken the initiative in q2 to adjust the channel, and the q3 end-of-income ratio has recovered significantly. With the gradual narrowing of the milk terminal price and the original milk price, we believe the dairy market is expected to make a substantial turn next year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. holds a “buy-in” rating of the company.
Risk factors: Food safety, increased competition in the industry.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the White Wine industry, 13 years in first-line sales in the Cedars, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive view of the trends in the White Liquor industry.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of research and development and operation at Sapto, the big milk company.
Le Li, Master of Financial Sciences, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University.
In-depth study of the zero-food trade, Jo Dan, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, Washington University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, covering beer (in-depth study of Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), beverages (in-depth study of farmers' mountain springs, Dong Peng beverages, cheerers), and low-drink (in-depth study of Peon shares).
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.