Proactive adjustment of performance and continuous improvement in profitability - performance rating for the first three quarters of 2024 - I.E. shares (600887.sh)
Channel adjustments show greater resilience in milk powder operations. The 24q3 end demand ring has improved slightly, adding the q2 company to the stock and co-opting the 24q3 revenue reduction by almost 10 pcts.
The growth is mainly due to the rise in the market share under the new country mark + a small recovery in the number of newborns; liquid milk/cold-water products □ pengxiaoying_yj@chinastock.com.cn Cost dividend for raw materials + recovery of the unit price of the product, with continued improvements in profitability. 24q3 net interest rate on parentage
As the original milk price continues to fall, the price recovers after the super-channel adjustment. The sales cost rate is 19.0%, compared to +1.1 pcts, which reduces the scale effect by adjusting inputs to the Olympic campaign wide and channel, but the gross sales margin is equal to +1.4 pcts, which releases good signals. The management cost rate is 3.5%, compared to +0.4 pcts, which works.
In the short and medium term, see: (1) supply end, original milk end, demand end, and seven departments, including the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, jointly put in place a policy in September to promote milk coverage and hair distribution among students.
If the dairy industry is in the recovery phase, Eli is expected to benefit as a champion of a relatively deep 300-percent pattern.
The new upgrade, which has formed a strong moat in the industrial chain, is expected to benefit from a higher share of the market and move to a global leader in dairy production; 2) At the profit end, digital enabling plus merit control plus upgrading of the product class structure will drive net profit distribution levels ahead, valuations with a security margin and a “recommended” rating.
1. [Galaxy Eating] Industry point evaluation - Policy support needs are improving, and it is hoped that milk prices will return to warmer 2. [Galaxy Eating] Company review.
Looking forward to a light-loading, the company will comment on Ely's share of the profits, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Liu Xinjiang, Master of Economics, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2020, and the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drinking plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), are good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.