On 30 October 2024, Ili issued a tri-quarter report for 2024.
Income during the adjustment period decreased the degree of mismatch between the supply and demand of original milk 2 pct to 34.85 per cent, mainly benefiting from a reduction in the cost of original milk, further optimization of the three-quarter cattle structure, continuous decline in the supply of original milk, and a reduction in the oversupply phase of the supply,
The downward trend in original milk production has been maintained in the four quarters, with sales/management rates increasing advertising efficiency and optimal resource allocation, with net interest rates increasing by 2 pct to 11.45 per cent, respectively, and with the end of liquid milk stock adjustment, light loads in the four quarters, projected
The overall performance of the company has improved by the ring. Liquefied milk has been adjusted and non-milk operations have been continuously developed. 20,637 million yuan (10 per cent less) has been collected in a liquid milk camp of 2024q3 for three quarters.
There is a marked improvement in the quality of the company's liquid milk, the recovery of its stocks, the freshness of its products, and the company's continuing efforts to improve the quality of its basic products over the competitive advantage by actively exploring the opportunities for growth of its emerging channels (e.g., snack discounts, fresh shops, etc.), in the fourth quarter.
The growth in milk powder is mainly due to an increase in the end-selection rate, the company's active control of the goods, attention to the adjustment of the original milk cycle, and the upgrading and rotation of the dynamic class through high-end new products and high-quality formulas. 2024q3 cold drinks
Products/other products received 10.21/185 million yuan, respectively, with flats to be repaired, multi-plate growth 17/+23 per cent, and companies continued to nurture water and drinking operations, which were poor through volcanic mineral water
Ignorance, Burge Al and Long White Hill Waters, capture of outdoor excursions, 3, Ely shares (600887), profit booms, upgrade of network coverage, with instant tea products growing faster and now producing.
The liquid milk industry is expected to perform brightly. 2023 - Capable of placing it on the market only in some parts of the country through convenience stores, electricity providers, etc. In the future, companies plan to increase their supply and publicity as production capacity increases.
Corporate branding remains strong, channels/products moist, and revenue recovery is expected to improve on a quarterly basis, while the red-rate return strategy is gradually being realized, with further competition increasing, the cost of raw materials rising and the growth of core products falling short of expectations, according to the three seasons.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
It reflects my research. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.