Eli (600887.ch): The income outlook remains unclear; the value of the valuation value is low, with “possession” maintained — holding” ratings maintained: the net profit of Eli's 3q24 was 8.5 per cent higher than mine.
However, the apparently superior net profit performance of Eli 3q24 does not change our concerns about the future of the company, because (1) the expansion of Eli 3q24 profit rates benefits mainly from a sharp fall in the price of original milk on a year-on-year basis, and this trend is clearly unsustainable and is likely to occur next year.
Reverse, (2) terminal demand remains weak, and consumer willingness to consume liquid milk has not improved significantly, and (3) the company's sales rate has risen significantly over the past three consecutive quarters, meaning that it is still weak, while the decline in original milk prices has gradually faded away from the Māori rate, and we are worried about Eli.
Based on the more uncertain business performance prospects, we believe that Eli’s current valuation (16x2025p/e) lacks sufficient value for money. • Liquid milk terminal demand is still weak, infant powder is growing strongly: liquid milk 3q24.
This is a 10.3% decline compared to the previous period, with a significant reduction of 2q24 (a 19.6% decrease). The pipeline inventory was completed in July, and the channel stock in August-September has returned to healthy levels (20 more than liquid milk end retail currents have yet to grow.
Income from milk powder and dairy product 3q24 increased by 6.6% in the same year, with infant powdering income rising by double digits. Income from cold drink 3q24 fell by 16.7% in the same year.
The 3q24 Māori ratio is likely to expand significantly and is not sustainable: the 3q24 Māori ratio is expanding by the same number as the same number, and (2) the closing of stocks reduces the downward trend in sales unit prices, which is expected to stop in 2025 as the demand and supply of original milk progress towards a balance.
Thus, we expect that the expansion of the Māori rate in Ely by 2025 may be significantly reduced. • There is limited scope for mitigating efficiency gains against negative leverage: a decline in income brings negative leverage to the operation, increasing the sales cost of 3q24 by 1.1 ppt on a par.
Eli himself is more efficient at the end of the sales market and marketing, so there is less room for reducing efficiency than the major competitors. The management fee of 3q24 falls by 15.7% on a year-on-year basis, partly offsetting the pressure on the sales rate and helping companies to increase the profits of their core 3q24 operations on a year-on-year basis.
9.2 per cent, operating profit spread of 1.7 ppt over the same period. Scavengering attention to Pura Qing's international study Financial statement analysis and forecasting - Ely's shares
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, optimistic and pessimistic scenario scenario
Pessimistic scenario: corporate income and profit rates are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes and profit rates are growing better than expected 20bps in 2025.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the securities and futures regulations (Chapter 571) in the first category (securities transactions) and the fourth category (discussing securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.