The third quarter of 2024 was marked by a sharp decline in the growth rate of the company ' s third quarter, but the net gain was sustained by a further two quarters: while the fall was sustained, the fall was significantly smaller than the fall in the second quarter.
But companies continue to have better control over the overall cost. The company’s profit rate is better recovered from the fall in the cost of original milk and control over the cost. The company expects a drop in the price of original milk in the second half of the year, the collection continues to be pressured in the short term, and the inventory of liquid milk channels ends, with four quarters of liquid milk operations expected.
Businesses such as light-loading and powdered milk are continuing to improve, and it is expected to continue the upward trend in income growth in the fourth quarter. After a better recovery of subsequent revenues, the cost of selling is expected to return to stability, thanks to the company’s size effects.
The company is a strong leader in the country’s dairy industry, with a steady increase in the city’s occupancy rate, a strong channel and a wealth of new products. The company has a variety of products such as liquid milk, milk beverages, powdered milk, yogurt, frozen drinks, cheese, butter, rare cream, etc., and has continued to contribute to the upgrading of the milk supply structure during the reporting period.
Nutritional and catering b2b operations represent high value-added groups and good business growth. Diversified product groups and business combinations show good resilience in a complex economic environment.
For many years in a row, the brand value of Leather was the number one in the global dairy industry. The Cardo Consumers Index published the 2024 Brand Footprint Report, where companies reached the top consumers, brand penetration and average number of annual choices.
The company has continued to enhance the construction of the Stereotyped channels and to implement a digital transformation strategy for the whole channel, both on- and below-the-line, "The impact of the epidemic is on-the-shelf profit, the platform ' s advantage is on-the-shelf " , strengthening the finer management of the whole channel. Nelson and Star Map third-party market research data aggregates:
Period 2020-04-28, online and offline, corporate shares in liquid milk and cold-drinking retail sales are ranked first.
By the third quarter, the company ' s share of the whole market for infant and child milk had increased by 2 pct, to 13.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The acquisition of Chomthana, entry into the South-East Asian market, and internationalization of the city started with the packaging of 2018 - 11 - 30 frames, product prices with layout, etc., to meet diversified consumption needs.
Short-term performance continues to weigh on long-term development. Repurchases further boost market confidence, with the food and beverages industry currently p21.4 times as much as it maintains a firm’s “strongly recommended” rating.
On the other hand, the costs of business operations are more than anticipated, and the consumption of new products is not being nurtured as expected.