The fall in the price of original milk led to higher profit margins; the supply end optimization was conducive to a long-term competitive advantage for the long run, with a marked increase in profit margins for three quarters. In the third quarter of 2024, Iri earned 29.1 billion yuan.
Prices have continued to decline and product structure has been optimized, with the Māori rate rising by 2.5 to 35.0 percentage points (1.2 percentage points in the ring) in the same quarter of the same year in the third quarter. With effective cost-rate control, three quarters of net profit net profits have been achieved, and the main business performance can be measured. The liquid milk business has declined by double digits in the third quarter.
The process of upgrading the health of the channels (currently in stock for about 20 days, raising the freshness of the product while raising the profitability of the distributor, thereby improving the price of the end product), leading to a drop in the regular warm milk, a better ring than the regular hot-acid milk and the regular milk drink, and the positioning of the high-end gold-column organic.
In the last three quarters, the market share of Ely's warm milk market rose by almost 1 percentage point. The warm milk business continued to grow, with low-temperature milk growing in double digits and increasing its share, and the end ring was better than in the second quarter. The milk powder and dairy business showed a medium-digit increase, with companies in it.
The infant formula industry has grown in reverse by increasing its share (2 percentage points to 13.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters), up by a higher number in the first three quarters and up to a double-digit rate in the first three quarters. However, the uneven supply of and demand for original milk in the entire industry has led to low-cost milk powder products entering the market.
The primary milk supply and demand outlook. The primary milk supply slows down and the supply and demand gap narrows, taking into account recent policy incentives and rising consumer sentiment.
The demand for milk per capita, the penetration rate, and the location of the student milk policy are all the drivers of long-term demand. To date, inventory and original milk costs have fallen (at the beginning of the year to date, double digits have fallen), the second half.
Tan Xingzi, frm, will continue to grow in the future. In the long run, a reduced price advantage for raw materials is expected to clear up some small and medium-sized enterprises, and market price competition will gradually return to rationality in favour of leading firms.
Iri shares (600887/ch) Ili shares (600887/ch) Ili shares (600887/ch)
Silver International, 10th floor of the Vanji Building, 68th Mid-Teuk Road, Hong Kong.