{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002601.sz} Tradingbuy Inter-District Operation.
The price of titanium is warming, performance is improving seasonally, titanium prices are warming, company performance is being repaired seasonally. As a global titanium-platinum leader, the company has a titanium-based whole-sector chain, titanium powder and sponge production is the world's number one industry, titanium-based self-sufficiency rate.
The company’s new energy module began to produce quantities last year, and battery materials have become standard, complementary to the main business titanium powder industry, and have built the company’s second curve. Performance meets expectations, maintaining the “inter-zone” rating.
The same year, sales increased and performance improved on a quarterly basis: the net profit ring of the company’s q3 quarter and the parent’s net profit ring increased both times, and it is now on a positive quarterly basis. The company’s main product was sold on an equal basis, with the company’s price of titanium powder in the first three quarters of 2023 having rebounded since mid-July.
The price of traditional high season titanium powder rises, with an average price of 15.7 million yuan per ton for q3 titanium powder, roy-6.7 per cent, qoq+0.4 per cent for raw titanium concentrate, 2023 yuan per ton, yoy-0.4 per cent, and qoq+0.3 per cent. The most difficult period of titanium powder is over and profits are expected to continue to recover. The average price of titanium powder is 1.68 per month in October.
A product mix of 10,000 yuan per ton, an increase of 0.11 million yuan per ton over the average price of q3 and a higher annual price of $2071 per ton for titanium concentrate, an increase of $49 per ton over the average price of q3.
The price of titanium powder is expected to remain high during the year. The company has 1.51 million tons of titanium powder, the world’s highest-yielding capacity, the industry’s leading rate of self-sufficiency in titanium concentrates, the expectation of more than 60 per cent self-sufficiency in titanium concentrates, the cost advantage, and a strong leader.
Māori has improved over the same period, with reasonable cost controls: profitability, company sales in the first three seasons, interconnecting the titanium industry chain, new energy materials for secondary growth: company is a global titanium chalk leader, interlacing the entire chain of titanium, vertical titanium concentrate, horizontal titanium titanium, current titanium powder production.
1.51 million tonnes/year with a titanium production capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year; and sustained growth in long-term capacity following projects such as 200,000 tonnes/year of titanium chloride, 100,000 tonnes/year of titanium chloride, 30,000 tonnes/year of high-quality titanium titanium technology, 30,000 tonnes of titanium transfer stage titanium II in Yunnan.
The company is actively engaged in the new energy industry, building the capacity of iron phosphate and lithium phosphate to boost the economic value of the by-products, using the iron sulphate by-product of titanite powder. The company has planned the battery material-grade iron phosphate project 200,000 tons, the lithium ion battery material industrialization project 200,000 tons, and the lithium ion battery with artificial graphite.
In the case of polar material projects of 100,000 tonnes, lithium ion batteries of 200,000 tonnes, electron levels of 200,000 tonnes/year, iron phosphate production capacity of 100,000 tonnes/year, graphite of 25,000 tonnes/year and graphite production capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year, follow-up projects have been steadily advancing, opening up a second growth curve for companies.
Profit forecasts: We maintain profit forecasts, companies are expected to realize net profits by 2023/2024/2025. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not made by ... individual clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.