Stewardship shares (600019.sh) Mid 2022: Accelerating the growth of core products, uplifting business performance
In the first half of the year, faced with the adverse effects of the epidemic, the decline in demand in the industry, the price of raw materials, the high performance of the company, the firm took advantage of its products, deeper cost cuts, business operations, and, in the second quarter of the quarter, it achieved a net return profit of RMB 4,059 million, or 8.77 per cent.
An estimated 3.988 billion yuan (including taxes) is expected, representing 51 per cent of the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company in the combined report. The Samgang stove was launched, and production and sales rose again. In January 2022, the Samgang 3 furnace was set on fire, the three furnaces were built on a full-line trial basis, with an additional 4.02 million tons of iron water being added each year.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices Increased production and sales of 13.7 million tons of steel in the second quarter, 15.6 per cent of the ring scale.
In addition, in a new round of planning, the company clearly proposes to upgrade its “mode plus capacity” to 80 million tons, with a second step of 100 million tons, with future growth likely.
The rapid growth of the new-energy automobile industry has led to a higher demand for silicon. And the industry’s supply has increased relatively slowly, owing to technical barriers and the build-up cycle, resulting in tight supply and demand of tons, 53% sales, and 76% profits.
This represents an 11% increase in volume and a 43% increase in sales of new energy vehicles with unopposed silicon steel. At present, the geo-construction of the Silicon Steel Structural Optimization Project in Boshanji has been largely completed and has entered the installation phase of the equipment, and the post-natal phase will further increase the proportion of company-owned new energy vehicle-driven steel products with a high-platform no-opportunity number.
The Stock Exchanges (600019.sh)-2021 and the 22nd Quarterly Reviews: Products are fine-tuned and cost-deeper. Companies have long persisted in looking for standards, reducing their costs by 5.623 billion in the first half of the year by optimizing ore-mining patterns, coal resources, improving manufacturing efficiency, and reducing processing costs.
In addition, corporate alloy increases and coatings and plating additions have effectively weakened the price volatility of small metals against the mid-season evaluation of bovine shares - 600019-2021: flagship values have been highlighted and performance has increased.
Investment proposal: Companies are industry leaders, high-end products, and highly profitable.
During the first half of the year, the company realized full product advantage, deeper cost cuts, and unexpected business performance. In the first half of the year, the company achieved gross operating income of $184,258 million, an increase of 0.25% compared to the previous half.
In January 2022, the Zamjiang Three furnace was set on fire, the three-high furnace system was built on a full-line trial basis, adding 4.02 million tons of iron water, 3.6 million tons of steel water, 4.5 million tons of hot sled products, cold tons, 15.6 per cent of the higher equipment, better geographical location, more profitable and more profitable.
In addition, in a new round of planning, the company explicitly proposed to upgrade its “scale plus capacity” to 80 million tons, and step two to figure 5: quarterly steel production (tonnes)
Figure 6: Quarterly sales of steel ($/t) High-plating silicon demand and accelerated growth of niche products. National standard Energy Efficiency Limiting Values and Energy Efficiency Levels (gb2005-2020) was officially implemented in June 2021, with replacement updates for energy-saving transformers
At the same time, with the rapid growth of new energy vehicles, the demand for new energy vehicles for uninvited silicon steel has risen significantly. Relatively strong downstream demand, industry supply has increased relatively slowly owing to technical barriers and the construction cycle, resulting in demand and demand constraints, and high prices for silicon-based steel products have risen dramatically.
In the first half of the year, the company sold 12.28 million tons of “100 million” products, 53 per cent of sales, and 76 per cent of profits. In the case of silicon steel in particular, the company’s sales of silicon steel increased by 11 per cent and the sales of new energy vehicles of unattended silicon steel increased by 43 per cent.
At the end, into the installation phase of the equipment, the delivery of the postnatal period will further increase the proportion of the company’s new energy vehicle power plant with a high number and no silicon-guided steel product.
In addition, corporate alloy increases and coatings, plating additions have effectively weakened investment proposals for small metal price fluctuations in company performance: companies are industry leaders, high-end products, and are profitable, taking into account industry demand bias.
Industrial layout continues to be optimized, valuations are historically low, and “buy-in” ratings are maintained.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author