\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Volume: 22H1 sales have fallen slightly over the same period, and the sales of the dominant products have risen over the same time. 22h1 company iron production was 23,101,000 tons, an increase of 159 per cent, steel production was 25,223 million tons, a decrease of 3.82 per cent, and merchandise sales were 2,49 million tons, a decline of 4.95 per cent. The company's “10000” products were sold.
12.28 million tons, of which sales of silicon-oriented steel increased 11.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis and sales of undirected silicon steel increased by 43 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The net profit of 32022q2 was significantly lower than in the previous year, with a small recovery in the ring. By the ring, the profit increase was mainly due to the increase in Maori and other gains; by contrast, the discount was mainly due to the construction industry at the Māori rate.
Sliding has led to a significant fall in the value of the steel business. Core point for the future: continuous deepening of the cost-cutting effort and acceleration of product optimization \triangleright
In the first half of the year, the company achieved a cost reduction of $5.623 billion, of which the economy used 1.68 billion dollars, improved the ore procurement model and optimized coal resources.
Quarterly reviews: down sales plus higher costs, q company production capacity continues to increase and product structure is improving. 1) The new three-high furnace system project at Dongshan Base is now on the move, and the Tianjiang steel system is expected to be built by its subsidiary.
Launched at the end of 2023; 2) Project on Structural Optimization of Unopposed Silicon Steel Products at the Bosan Base has entered the equipment installation phase, which is expected to further increase the proportion of high-dealing unopposed silicon steels; 3) Completion of Integrated Steel Products at the Sanctuary Base, with a proposed capacity of 600,000 tonnes/year high line production.
Investment Recommendations: The flagship scale effect is significant, while the product structure is expected to be further optimized, and we expect 7x, 6x and 6x of pe collected on a daily basis in \triangleright to maintain the `recommended' rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.