Two hundred and twenty-twoh1 comments: Weak demand performance pressure, superior product Wang Chinyan, research assistant, profit is $7.79 billion, a 48% drop in the same year.
▪ Weak demand and falling steel prices have slowed performance. Due to weak downstream demand, 2022h1 vehicles have been driven by continued international energy stress, the price of raw materials has fallen less than the price of steel, and the price differential for steel companies has been further reduced. 2022h1 has achieved a total profit of 10.86 billion yuan.
In the second quarter of the year, the company was able to maintain the ring in the second quarter of the year, when the overall profits of the industry fell sharply.
The company’s 2022H1 “10000” product was sold 12.28 million tons, of which the sales of silicon steel increased 11.2% on the same basis; and new energy vehicles were not used for any purpose.
Silicon steel sales increased by 43% on a year-on-year basis; the profitability of plate products improved significantly, with 2022h1 company tons of steel profits at the top of the industry.
With 1.68 billion yuan in rainfall, improvements in ore procurement models, and optimization of coal resources, significant results have been achieved. The cost of iron and water at Dongshan and Baoshan Bases has been maintained at the forefront of the industry, and steel has been refined at various bases.
Quarterly reviews: cost increases, performance pressure, efficiency and technological innovation parallel. Companies actively promote low-cost, efficient, differentiated production movements
Line mode, process interface efficiency significantly improved, iron water cooling, tpc swing efficiency, heat distribution ratio, etc.; thick board production line efficiency increased rapidly, with 5 m thick line daily production and small-time production at the highest level ever. 2022h1 achieved the first six products globally, “none”.
Treasure steel shares (600019): 23 landmark technologies, such as "Thirteen-year 2021: Toward Silicon Shape Control Technologies", have made a breakthrough and have actively advanced the new quarterly report points: Cost drag, core
Products, new technologies, both internal and external patent placements, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board