Pharmacy (603259.ch/2359.hk): 2q22 Tin Chining showed strong performance, 2h reboundable
The net profit of 2q22 and adjusted non-ifrs increases by 66-67% respectively. New crowns are awarded at $2.7 billion, ring + 77%.
We believe, however, that with the overall improvement of the epidemic in the country, production, clinical and laboratory services will be gradually restored, and 2h performance is expected to rebound. We maintain the corporate a-unit 2q22 surge guidelines, which will be further enhanced throughout the year: 2q22 income/adjusted non--
In North America, income grew by 123%, rising to 71% of total income. At constant exchange rates, 2q income grew by 73%, and the noon-ifrs Māori rate rose by 2.6 pcts to 38.5%. Based on the first half of the year, wuxichemistry: plate income increased by 102%, and increased by the elimination of the new crown commercialization project
Total market value (million yuan) - wuxitesting: plate income increased by 17 per cent, the noon-ifrs Māori rate increased by 0.1 pct to smo affected by the domestic epidemic and income fell by 10 per cent.
-wuxibiology: plate income increased by 12% and non-ifrs Māori increased by 3.4 pcts to 40.0%.
The Māori rate for the operating Shanghai and Philadelphia bases is low and is expected to improve over the next few quarters as capacity utilization increases. There are 67 projects in the plate line, four of which are in Nda/bla preparation phase and seven in clinical iii.
-Wuxiddsu: The income of the plate fell by 32 per cent, the ratio of non-ifrs Maori fell by 19.3 pcts to 28.0 per cent over the same period of 52 weeks (port currency), mainly as a result of the company's initiative to upgrade its operations, and new research and development projects focused on innovative medicines.
The difficulty of R&D and the length of the cycle have had a negative impact on current revenues and profitability. The average transaction value (million Hong Kong dollars) on March nearly equals 46 x 44 x 2023epe, down from the respective average of 0.7 standard deviations over the past three years.
• Investment risk: fluctuations in investment returns; geopolitical risks; project failures or delays due to the epidemic.
Analysis and Forecasting of Financial Statements - Summary of the 2q22 Performance Council and the 2022 Investor Day Event
Wuxichemistry - Market share and productive capacity continue to expand: companies expect year-round income growth, with 744 clinical projects (including 43 commercialized molecules and 52 phased iii), accounting for about 16 per cent of the global volume of clinical drugs, up from 0.5 pcts at the end of 2021.
Moleculars have also been approved for listing. The improvement in human effectiveness is also evident. By the end of June, wuxichemistry had 24,137 employees, up 34% from the end of 1h21 year-on-year, well below the rate of growth in flat incomes during the same period (102%). Small molecule drug discovery (“r”): 28% increase in income of 2q22, with companies directing income growth throughout the year.
Process R & D & Production (“d&m”): 152% increase in income of 2q22 (leaving the new crown-related order to $1.57 billion; 5 formulation projects out of 43 commercial production projects, 2h is expected to increase again)
One to two. The company’s continuous agent production line has the advantage of short production time, better process control, and lower cost. The number of new molecules, such as oligolic acid, multipolymeric acid, and d&m projects has increased significantly over the years, by 63 to 142, and we believe that it will be an important revenue for the company’s chemical business section in the long term.
With regard to the production of api, the company expects to increase its capacity by 70% this year.
In addition, in July, the company announced an investment of $1.43 billion over the next 10 years in the construction of a Singapore base (including a research and development centre and a production plant), a phase of a project.
Planning for three workshops (two small molecules api+1 new molecules such as oligonucleic acid/polymeric acid) with the expectation that the company would have production bases in the upper high bridges, tinless and Swiss overseas, in conjunction with the construction of new plants in Delaware, United States of America (the first phase of the project began in August and is expected to start in 2025).
Support for the production of oral and injecting agents) to further meet the local production needs of downstream clients. Pilgrim International wuxitting - Snags continue to deepen the moat: the company expects a 29% increase in revenue for the whole year.
Laboratory analysis and testing services are expected to grow by 39% throughout the year. As an important bridge between wuxichemistry and brother company Pharmacy “r” end-of-life operations and clinical coro operations, laboratory services continue to catalyze the shift of new drugs from early detection to clinical development.
With a 53% increase, the Asia-Pacific security sector continues to take hold; it now stands at $2 billion in hand orders, which are expected to translate into income by 2023. Two glp laboratories, dmpk, bioanalysis, device testing, etc., and Kaidong (40,000 square metres), are under construction and are expected to be 2q24, respectively.
As a domestic smo leader, the company’s crc team will be overtaken by the company’s sccc team, which is expected to grow by 23% a year.
In 150 cities in the country, the market share rose rapidly from 18% in 2017 to over 30% in the current year, with more than 40% in the fields of diabetes and self-exemption, and 30% in the field of oncology. Smo supported 25 and 16 new medicines in 2021 and 1h22, respectively.
Clinical cro operations are expected to decline by 8% throughout the year. The operation 1h22 is more affected by the epidemic, and the United States bd is making less progress than expected.
Wuxibiogy - Continuous cash flow and synergies between chemical operations: The company expects a more severe annual round-up, with revenue growth slowing to 12%, but demand for new molecule types remains strong, with income growth of 43%. The company expects 3q to rebound faster.
Greater synergy has been generated, mainly through: 1) 25% of the company's clients are attracted by biology operations annually: 2) the number of clients using both chemical and biological services and the amount of revenue are faster.
In use, the planned Singapore base will also take on related functions. wuxiatu - long-term potential: 67 projects in the plate pipe line, 7 of which are in clinical iii, 4 are in Nda/bla preparation stage: 1) Tumour-impregnated lymphocytes (til) project, pre-project
2023e starts commercial production; 2) Particle & Slow Virus Carrier (lvv) project, expected to start commercial production, 2023e; 3) stem cell project, expected to start commercial production, 2024e; 4) lvv project, expected to start commercial production in China, 2023e, and 2024e in the United States.
By the end of June 2022, 30 tessa projects were in the process of conducting client assessments. The company achieved a technological breakthrough at 2q22 for lvvv production, using a slow-virus particle production rate that for the first time exceeded the rate based on the transfer of particles.
Traditional production techniques (1.4-2.0x108vs.1.5x108tu/ml). Under traditional production techniques, 40-50% of lvvv production costs are derived from slow-viral particle transfer, while under lenativextable technologies, slow-viral particle transfer is not required, which is expected to reduce production costs for lvvv significantly.
Wuxiddsu — Post-transitional future: there are currently 101 active molecules in the pipeline, of which 1 is in the Nda stage (the Chirualk inhibitor Iluak) and 5 is in the registered clinical stage (the tqb 3616&tqb 3525, the Shudak of the Kagaya medicine, the popular pharmaceutical industry)
Zsp1273, yzj-1139 in the Yangzi pharmaceutical industry; the Chirualk inhibitor, Iroak (submitted in July 2021), is expected to be marketed as the first commercial product in the pipeline. The company is now moving from ddsu1.0 (emphasis on volume, attention to pop creation) to ddsu 2.0 (Quality, focus on differentiation, new points).
The company is expected to succeed in the transition phase of its business model, which is expected to be successful.
As of July 27th, 2022, Pilgrim International has collected its prices.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]