Shinjiyama Tsai Tsai (300124.sz) 22q4 camp revenue increased by 44 per cent in the same year, and new energy operations were released quickly.
This represents an increase of 19.75 per cent; net profits of $3.414 billion after deducting non-recurring gains and losses are realized, and the company is actively pursuing market structural opportunities, with faster growth in revenues from sales of automated, new-energy automobiles, and industrial machines.
Corporate automation business highest/minimum in the year of sale due to guaranteed delivery, higher national production rates, integrated multi-product solutions: faster growth in sales revenue: new-energy automobile business due to “higher penetration, company spotting, stocking, etc.”
Market value of industrial robotic operations due to “product series circulationa shares” (billions):
A rapid increase in sales revenues, for example, by widening and increasing brand influence.” \triangleright tells us that we measure the net return profit of the company 2022q4 at $1,194 million, an increase of 10.35% over the same period;
The net profit from the deduction of $684 million to the parent is an increase of 36.53 per cent over the same period. During the reporting period, the combined Māori rate of the company ' s products fell slightly over the same period, as a result of the restructuring of the company ' s product revenues and the impact of the Shanghai epidemic on the delivery of its subsidiary, Shanghai Bethet Electric Limited.
Increased investment in strategic operations, such as digitization and energy management, has led to faster growth in R & D costs as compared to that of the others; a significant increase in financial costs as a result of fluctuations in remittance rates and increased borrowing in foreign currency.
With multi-product solutions and strong product delivery capacity, new energy vehicles, power-driven power systems, general automation, industrial robotics, and other structural opportunities, such as low-carbon, new-energy car industry chains, have been realized by Wang Jijie
Thirty-five, with an increase in the number of traditional car orders, and the targeted use of overseas vehicle power sources, which underpin the company’s important performance. In addition, the company’s industrial robots delivered more than 12,000 units in the first three quarters of the year, and product development continued.
The company’s revenue of 22q3 is recognized to be historically high, with contract debt ratios still growing by about 30%, and we judge that the firm’s new stand-alone growth is stronger than its performance.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.