Performance forecast for 2022: performance meets expectations, lead research assistant Chee Cheol-dong drops slightly: 1) high-value inventory is not fully consumed; 2) dealer returns offset revenue; 3) low Māori
We expect company rates q4 ring-rates to be stable, returns on investment and profits to meet the targets of the long-term incentive plan at the beginning of the year, and performance in line with market expectations. • General automation: 22 years of firm countercyclical growth and 23 years of demand are expected to recover.
The ratio is expected to be +30%. The 22-year Oem market is equal to -5% (q4-to-10%), while 1) the energy class such as photovoltaic and the eu section has high capital spending; and 2) the company continues to replace foreign capital with a share of services/plc above +5 pc, relying on strategies such as guaranteed delivery and the need to compile them.
Medium-term industrial-controlled new products (robots, air movements, threads, etc.), digitalization, energy management, etc., have gone beyond 100 billion, while 22 years of “internationalization” have gone out of the sea, and the industrial-controlled ceiling has yet to arrive. New-energy vehicles: on the eve of dawn, the sea and beyond are strong, looking forward to 23 years of loss and gain.
This year, overseas orders are placed on a quarterly basis: performance against expectations, leading to a loss at the profit end for 22 years.
From the start, the power-driven business is expected to be profitable in 23 years (combined power is also expected to be marketed).  Elevators: the downstream of 2022h2 continues to be under real estate control, and is expected to return to steady growth in 23 years. 22 years, due to the Shanghai epidemic and the unexpected policy of real estate, we expect flat income & profits to match the base.
In 23 years, the impact of the epidemic has diminished, real estate policies have been positive, and companies have taken advantage of the elevators and the sea reports to assess their performance as expected.
Structural opportunities, such as external clients, are expected to generate a positive increase in earnings & profits.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company’s net return profit of $4.3 billion in 2022-24, to the firm’s strong presence in the industrial and regulatory sector, and to give it a leading position in power and power.
Three major financial forecasts for SWIFT.