The chassis and interior-driven operations have increased, with robotic products from the Top Group (601689.sh) expecting to enter production in 2024.
The company released its mid-year 2023 report that the 02 company was able to collect RMB 4,692 million, with a rate of increase in the ring/ring ratio.
Large business shock absorbers, interior features, chassis systems, auto electronics, heat management systems, respectively, yielding $18.16/311.44/28.82/0.84/776 million. The chassis system continues to be the largest operating income of the company.
The source advantage is evident in the fact that sales to domestic market clients in the first six months of Biadi, Ideal, and Gilley ' s new energy sources increased by 94.3 per cent, 13.3 per cent and 43.9 per cent respectively, while sales to foreign core customers Tesla grew by 61.7 per cent in the first half of the year.
Continuing the Tier 0.5 model of cooperation, binding core clients and expanding the field of operations, the company ' s ibs project, the ps project, the air hangar project, the thermal management project, the smart cabin project have received a single blow, Gilly, Huai-Kang, Idea, Biadi, Mi, co-founder, high sum, upper steam, etc.
(ii) The scale effect significantly increases the Māori rate and results in a significant optimization of the cost of sales, driving up the ability to raise profits. The overall Māori rate for companies in the first half of the year was 22.58%, compared to +1.22pt, the Māori rate for the first half of the year.
The increase in the Māori ratio of functional parts and chassis systems is most pronounced, mainly because of the increased effect of scale, and automobile e-business is still in its initial stages, and Māori rates have fallen. Thanks to the high rate of revenue growth, the cost of corporate sales decreased by 0.28 pct to 1.09 per cent in the first half of the year, while the cost of q2 single-season sales was 1.04 per cent, the same as in the first half of the year.
(iii) Synchronization of production capacity within and outside the country, with robotic implementer products expected to enter production in 2024. The company’s core clientele is ranked first in the global new energy market, with broad prospects for future growth. To accommodate the needs of its customers, the company continues to promote new factories, new production capacity, both within and outside the country, and new domestic production capacity, including Hangzhou Bay Six,
Seven, eight, nine, and Chongqing factories, the factory in Anhuisu County, about 1400 acres, and the planned plant in Lake State, West, and overseas production capacity, including completed Polish factories and planned Mexican plants. The company has developed ibs for many years, creating deep technological deposits in areas such as machinery, speed-reducing institutions, and hence robotic implementers.
This has resulted in more advanced technological breakthroughs and product volumes, and now the company's self-researched robotic straight-line and rotation executors have sent a number of samples to their clients, and it is expected that in 2024, 01 will begin the mass-crawling phase and will form 100,000 production stages in the course of the year to meet their clients' requirements.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.