Tupou Group (601689.sh) net profits in the second quarter are up by a quarter, and robotic operations are increasing by 100% in the second quarter of the same year. Tupou 1 collects $9.16 billion in the same year +34.8% in the second quarter.
23h1 + 9% of our share of vehicle sales, net profit to the mother of $1.09 billion, +54.6%, net profit of $1.03 billion, +50.0%. For the Quarter of Dismantling, the sum of $4.69 billion, +53.9%, ring of 5%, net profit to the mother of $640 million, +100.0%, ring of +43%; net profit to the mother of +43%.
Net profits of $610 million, i.e. +97.0 per cent, ring +44.4 per cent, have been derived from steady delivery of client orders (2302), 466,000 Tesla sales, i.e. +83 per cent, +372,000 + 29 per cent) and marginal catalytic emissions of capacity to release scale effects, resulting in continuous release of company performance.
The same ratio to 10.2%, the company’s product line is fully active; profit-making capacity shows that the total Māori ratio of Topu’s operations has been raised, with 23H1 interior features equal to +2.7 pct, and the chassis system equal to +4.4 pct, reducing output.
Robot lines and rotation executors have been developed, presented to clients several times, and have been recognized and well received. The project requires 100 orders per week from 2401. Topper needs to complete four production line installation tests this year, resulting in 100,000 production stages per year, followed by an increase in annual production capacity.
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Net profit for the second quarter alone increased by 86-108 per cent over the same period, to a million units; end of vehicle: continued with corporate platform strategy and new Tier 0.5 model, company 601689.sh - steady growth in revenue driven by product volume, 2023
In the first half of the year, new orders continued to grow rapidly, with companies ibs projects, ps projects, vacant projects, heat tubes, and the total net profit of the Top Group (601689.sh) and 2022 grew by 67 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The Topper Group (601689.sh) - Business Retrievals and Outlooks for Platform Automobile Parts and Components - High-convergence, upper-air, etc. Clients, with companies continuing to build up their factories overseas and in-country, building up orders and carrying capacity to protect companies from long-term development.
Tuppet Group (601689.sh) - Clients multiply product lines, 2022 net investment proposal: Tesla’s core product chain target, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, keeping an eye on the growth of performance certainty as a result of Group product expansion, client breakthroughs, and expansion of production capacity.
Summary of performance: Top 23h1 battalion collects $9.16 billion, corresponding to +34.8 per cent (23h1 U.S. car sales + 9 per cent), mother ' s net profit of $1.09 billion, corresponding to +54.6 per cent, net profit of $1.03 billion, compared to +50.0 per cent. Quarterly of dismantling, delivery (466 million Tsla sales, corresponding to +83 per cent, + 372 million car sales, corresponding to +29 per cent) and
The marginal catalyzing of the scale effect of productive energy release and the continuous release of corporate performance. Figure 2: Corporate operating income and growth in a single quarter. Figure 6: Corporate Maori and net interest rates in a single quarter
Figure 8: Quarterly Four Cost Rate Sub-products: 23h1 Accoutrements $3.14 billion, i.e. +46.2 per cent, bottom plate $2.88 billion, i.e. + 61.5 per cent, and a continuous build-up of vehicle-end operations as a core driver
In the domestic market, the company’s collaboration with new energy companies, such as Hua-Kimcon, Ideas, Ameri, Peng, Biadi, Gilly, and New Energy, has progressed rapidly, and the amount of one-car packages has been rising. In the international market, the company’s innovation company with the United States of America is a customer, rivian, lucid, and Ford.
Traditional car companies like gm, fca, all cooperate fully in the area of new energy vehicles. As product-plating strategies advance, and as new marketing models become more market-acceptance, the public sector’s new orders continue to grow rapidly in the first half of the year, providing guarantees for the company’s future high-speed sustainable development.
Corporate ibs, pss, skyscrapers, heat management, smart cabins, etc., have been identified by customers such as Gilly, Wally-Kinkang, Ideas, Biadei, Mio, Concord, High Coup, and Uplift, respectively, to lay the foundation for the long-term development of the company.
According to the company’s new orders, the company continues to produce and deploy in conjunction with the prediction of future penetration rates for new energy vehicles. The Hangzhou Bay six, seven, eight, nine and Chongqing factories, and the factory in Anhuisu County, have accelerated construction of about 1400 acres.
The short-term construction imposes certain cost pressures, but it is now in a period of rapid development in the new energy automobile industry, where car firms have some capacity, but spare parts supply chains are not followed up in a timely manner. Thus, the expansion of the company’s production capacity is carefully analysed and science-based, and is more forward-looking.
Robots are one of the most promising new industries in our society today. They can be used in a variety of scenarios, such as intelligent manufacturing, medical treatment, and services.
The robotics industry is in a period of rapid growth against the backdrop of rapid advances in cutting-edge technology, such as the ai, and population ageing. Line controls vs linear executors, with technical co-mutual controls on the end of the vehicle and core parts of the robotic end-of-force.
The core components are electric machines, rollers, simulators, electromagnetic valves, sensors, ecu, etc.
The probability is that the linear implementer will be used, and the main core parts of the linear executor will consist of the borderless electron, sensor (string plus position), roller wire bar, axle bearing, etc., which will overlap to the height of the line control core parts. Figure 11: Line control core parts will be disassemblyded
The company has been developing smart brake system ibs projects for many years, creating deep technological deposits in the areas of machinery, speed-reducing institutions, electric machines, electrical controls, software, etc., and extending horizontally to such operations as thermal management systems, intelligent transition systems, air suspension systems, cabin comfort systems, and robotic implementers. Robots are core components of robotics, with major packages.
The two categories of straight line executives and rotation executors, in order to simulate the coherence and multi-liberal flexibility of human movements, need to meet both the technical indicators of light quantification, miniaturization and low power consumption, robotic executors need to break through many engineering limits, and optimize the integration of various types of power generators, speed-reducing agencies, sensors, encoders, drives, controllers.
The company’s core strengths in robotic executioner operations include: (a) self-research capability for various types of electric machines, such as SMART; (b) experience with integrated power units, deceleration agencies, controllers; and (c) precision mechanical processing.
The company has developed robotic straight-line and rotation executors, which have sent samples to clients on several occasions, have obtained their approval and have received favourable ratings, and the project requires that the production uphill phase begin in the first quarter of 2024, with an initial order of 100 per week.
To meet client requirements, the company will need to complete the installation of four production lines during the year, resulting in an annual production capacity of 100,000 units per year, which will then be upgraded to a million units. In order to ensure the successful implementation of the project, the company will fully mobilize the resources of the existing five-axis processing centres, precision control beds, etc., to maximize resource efficiency while ensuring the progress of the project.
To simulate the human movement, robots need dozens of motion executors, single machines worth about tens of thousands of yuan, and the city has plenty of space. To seize the opportunities of robotic business development, the company, through strategic analysis and decision-making, decided to split up the Ministry of Robot Industries, set up an independent management structure, equipped with excellent professional teams, and consolidate the resources from each of its strengths.
The company, while developing the eight main product lines of smart electric cars, seizes the historical opportunity for rapid growth in the robotic industry, focuses on the key products and core technologies of the robotic industrial chain, and makes smart car components and robotic components operational.
Co-development, laying the foundation for a firm to maintain its rapid growth. Investment proposal: Tesla's industry chain core, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject