Tupou Group (601689.sh) Net profits increased by 86-108 per cent in the second quarter of the same year, with the creation of the Ministry of Robotics, which increased by 31.7-37.6 per cent in the same year (23h1 on average + 9 per cent) and single q2 battalion
The creation of the Ministry of Robotic Industries is expected to open up a new round of growth opportunities in overseas factories.
The Ministry of Manpower and the Ministry of Human Services, the human-made robotics operator, which is currently being developed by the company, has sent samples to clients, received their approval and favourable evaluation, and the project is progressing well; overseas: one plant in Poland has been put into production, and another 220 acres in Mexico (lightly quantified chassis + heat management + interior interior + robot implementer)
In keeping with the demand for orders, a thousand acres of smart estates will be planned in the future, in line with the model of the former Bay New Zone. Mexican factories are expected to be able to obtain a continuous increase in orders for customers of major mainframe plants in the North American region, and to see the development of the Topper Group robotics business and the growth space of overseas markets.
The advantages of a platformed supply system are becoming more evident, and the Tier 0.5 model is helping to expand the customer base. Topu continues to improve operational efficiency and performance: 1) The platform strategy is moving forward, the automobile industry is moving forward with eight product ladders, the core product is growing in light-quantized bottom plate plus internal and external market share, and new products are increasing in production.
Create new growth points; by the end of 22, ibs, eps, airborne, thermal management, smart cabins had been set for customers such as the Top Group (601689.sh) - a steady growth in product volumes driven by a steady growth of 2023 one gas, Gilly, Huayeng, Jinkang, Ideas, Biadi, Mi, Concord, High Combination, etc.
Tupou Group (601689.sh)-2022 net profit growth of 67 per cent over the same period, platforming 2) Tier 0.5 level innovative business models are evolving and strategic partnerships with clients are continuously deepening, Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Business Retrievals and Outlooks for Platform Automobile Parts and Components
(c) Continuous promotion of intelligent systems.
Continued product expansion (price) and deeper client collaboration (volume) have led to continued upscaling of performance. Top Group (601689.sh) - release of non-public release plans, consolidation of output plus codes Investment proposal: “buy-in” rating for Tesla’s core product chain
Keeping an eye on the positive growth in performance resulting from the expansion of the Group ' s products, client breakthroughs and expansion of production capacity, one vehicle, +83 per cent of the year ' s share, +372,000 guilds, +29 per cent of the year; 23h1 ' s net profit from the parent, +1050-1120 million, measured mainly by 1) the continuous release of customer demand; 2) the contribution of exchange earnings; 3) the cost of raw materials
During the reporting period, companies managed to overcome industrial fluctuations and continuously improve their efficiency and performance. (i) The corporate platform has been gaining momentum, with eight major product ladders developing in the automotive industry, a light-quantified chassis and an entire Nvh acoustic set of core products, increasing group competitiveness and market share, and a gradual increase in production of new products, creating new growth points for company development; (ii)
The innovative business model of Tier0.5 has evolved and continues to deepen strategic partnerships with clients, raising the value of a bicycle package to over $10,000, with a partial vehicle model of up to $20,000: (iii) the company continues to promote smart manufacturing and the production of the most efficient products and services for its clients. In addition, exchange gains and losses have produced positive results for the company’s performance.
As a follow-up to projects such as unmanned implementers ibs, eps, etc., the robotic implementers project is progressing well, providing strong safeguards for the company to maintain its rapid development.
Line control vs linear executor, with a technical commonality between the core parts of the engine at the end of the vehicle and the robotic end. Line control is the conversion of the brake pedal signal into an electrical control signal and the transmission of the signal to the control system and the implementing agency, which uses the power module to achieve one of the core intellectual executors of power.
Bars, simulators, electromagnetic valves, sensors, ecu, etc.
The company's ibs project, which has been developing smart brake systems for years, has created deep technological accumulations in the areas of machinery, speed-reducing institutions, electric machines, electrical controls, software, etc., and has expanded horizontally into thermal management systems, intelligent transfer systems, air suspension systems, cabin comfort systems, and robotic implementers.
The project is now well under way. The company is now divided into a robotics department, with an independent management structure and an excellent professional team, which is a reflection of the strategic dynamics of the company. By pooling its niche resources, the company will focus its operations and provide strategic security for the development of the business.
Figure 2: Topper Designs Robotics, Inc., while developing the eight main product lines of smart electric cars, seizes the historic opportunity for rapid growth in the robotic industry, focusing on the key products and core technologies of the robotic industrial chain, leading to smart car parts and robotic components.
Co-development provides the basis for a firm to maintain its rapid growth. Figure 3: Tuppet Group product extension mapping Mobilizing production to strengthen long-term competitiveness and increasing input output is expected to continue to optimize the company’s operating conditions.
In January-September of that year, the TPP system was able to produce 3 million sets, the interior features 5 million sets, and the heat management system 500,000 units, which, according to the order in hand, are no longer capable of meeting demand; TPP launched in December 22 of this year a non-public fund-raising scheme (subject to approval) for a total amount of not more than $4 billion, with a total investment of $7.8 billion for light use.
Projects such as chassis + interior + heat management + smart driving. This investment has a much higher share of its own funds than the previous two financing expansions, demonstrating Tupou's relatively solid capital strength (up to $3.3 billion in hand currency). We believe that the increase in the overall operating benefits of this financing will fill the capacity gap by: 1) increasing the capacity of the billing system; (2) optimization.
Capital structure to reduce financial costs and risks and enhance sustainability; 3) increase profitability (the four-fold expression of the ability to raise funds for the current round, the ability to move to and from the sky.The company ibs project, the eps project, the air overhang project, the thermal management project, the smart cabin project received one blow,
The firm’s 0.5-level cooperation model continues. In the domestic market, the company’s collaboration with new energy companies such as Hua’s, Kim’s, Biadi’s, Gilly’s, Ideals, Biady’s, Mi’i’s, Concord’s, and Soho’s, is moving fast.
In the international market, companies are cooperating fully with the United States ' innovative car companies rivian, lucid, technology firms, and traditional car companies like Ford, gm, and fca in the area of new energy vehicles. As the product platform strategy moves forward, and the market acceptance of new marketing models increases, companies continue to take orders fast this year.
Investment proposal: The Tesla industry chain core, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
A certain growth in performance as a result of outreach, client breakthroughs, expansion of capacity, and a modest increase in profit projections, with authors ensuring that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party ' s approval or influence; authors ' past, present or future studies on it