Topper Group: 2302 Profit Upliftment, Robot Execution Industries Events: Companies published their semi-annual report in 2023, companies collected $9.16 billion in the first half of 2023, strategized and platformed strategy advanced, 23q2 performance increased.
46.92 billion yuan, +53.88 per cent, ring + 4.99 per cent; achieving the same net profit for the mother, leading to higher corporate profitability. 23 q2 Māori is 23.28 per cent, with higher profitability by the same product lines. The company now owns eight major product lines.
The product line is strong, leading to an increase in revenue. Sub-products show that 23h1 company seismator operations now earn 1.815 billion yuan, i.e. 0.92 per cent of the year, and Māori 24.53 per cent of the year +1.16 pct; Intrademetic devices collect 3,144 million yuan, i.e. 46.24 per cent of the year +46.24 per cent of the year, Māori is 19.86 per cent, i.e., 19.86 per cent of the year.
+265 pct; bottom-plate system revenue is 2,882 million yuan, i.e. +61.54%, and the Māori rate is the establishment of a power-driven department to promote robotics steadily.
The advantages of the ibs project extend horizontally to robotic executioner operations. Robot line and rotation executors developed by the company have sent samples to clients on several occasions and are expected to enter the mass production ramp phase in 24q1 with an initial order of 100 per week.
It is expected that the installation of four production lines will be completed, resulting in an annual production capacity of 100,000 units, which is expected to rise to one million. The number of implementers required for each robot is about a dozen, with a single machine worth about RMB 10,000, a large market space and a promising new growth curve for the company.
Profit projection: considering the corporate scalability effect to release the profit-driven increase, we raise the corporate surplus \triangleright Risk factor: risk of chip supply shortages: risk of raw material price increases: new customers produce less than expected
\triangleright Sindam Securities Co. Ltd. period; platforming strategy advance process not as expected.
Cindasecuritiesco. ltd Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Number 1 of the 2018 Gold Bull Award, Number 2 of the new wealth in 2020, and Number 4 of the team's core members in 2020.
Experience, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, with a focus on Tesla, smart cars, autonomous brands, field car technology centres, and Joaquin securities, with one year ' s work experience + two years of research experience in the automobile industry.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant, Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering smart cars, motor networks, new power in car construction, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.