Tupou Group (601689): The extension of the product line, the creation of a robotics division into the New Blue Sea market, increased significantly in the first half of 2023 for North American customers, Biadi cars. In the first half of 2023, North American customers sold 889.9 million vehicles, an increase of 57.42% over the same period.
Global price increases have also contributed to the sales of North American clients in major markets since this year; the sale of 69.4 million guilds, an increase of 13.07 per cent over the same year, of which the sale of guili and kryptonite brands was 55.33 million, 4.27 million, an increase of 10.59 per cent and 124.27 per cent, respectively; and the sale of Biadi was 12.556 million, an increase of 94.25 per cent over the same period, of which the dollar family, the Song family, the dolphins, the dolphins, the dolphins,
The Qin family, Tsingd9 and other multi-car models have increased their contribution by the same amount; 45.10 million vehicles have been sold on board, down 11.00 per cent from the same year. The product line extension, Tier 0.5, drives the value of the bicycle package to increase. The company has started its home with shock relief, interior decorating, and continues to promote the expansion of the product line, and now has a carnvh decomposition system, interior and interior apparel system, light weight quantification,
Smart cabin parts, heat management systems, chassis systems, air suspension systems, smart driving systems, etc., eight large series of products, with a rising market share of core products and a gradual production of new products. At the same time, the company continues to promote the Tier 0.5 model of cooperation with new energy vehicles such as Hua, Kinkang, Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Ideas, Uri, Pings, etc., as well as with foreign countries.
Car companies such as rivian, lucid, Ford, gm, fca have worked together in depth to raise the value of their vehicle attachments to over $10,000, in part at $20,000, through various product types for the company.
According to the company’s website, the company has recently split up its suppliers, set up an independent management structure for the robotic industry – the public sector – and set up an independent management structure; the human robot executives developed by the company have sent samples to their clients on several occasions.
In October 2022, Tesla officially released a human robot, optimus, with 28 body executors, 11 hand-held freedoms, and with Ffsd computers and autopilot nerve network technology, at a price of less than $20,000, with a wide market space.
These areas are well-developed, technologically advanced, promising to cut into a completely new blue sea market for human robots.Appendix: three series of statement forecasts, using data information that is legally compliant, careful presentation of research findings, and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.