A steady expansion of the harvest and a significant growth in strategic growth The Europa (603833.sh) event: the company issued its semi-annual performance report for 2022, during the reporting period.
Business income of $9,693 million, an increase of 18.21 per cent, net profit from maternity of $1,018 million, and the environment of Chen Buru, which has led to slower growth in performance, as well as the recovery of household needs in the second half of the year, have led to a slowdown in the growth of performance.
Performance repair. Corporate performance slowed in the first half of the year, mainly due to: 1) domestic epidemics repeatedly deterred household demand release during the reporting period; 2) higher prices of raw materials led to higher procurement; 3) weak demand for real estate; and 4) the first half of the 2021s, experienced earlier periods
Recovering the household needs of the epidemic has led to a high performance base for the same period. We believe that China’s support for real estate is clear and that future policies are expected to boost the housing climate, while the epidemic is now much better than in the second quarter and will require future household housing.
On the retail side, the company takes the lead in customizing the closets to the whole house, with an initial whole set of arrangements.
2-0 model, leading custom industry business models to upgrade, while more fully meeting consumer one-stop fit-out needs, to achieve an increase in the price of one-stop shops, to fully exploit the value of the client in the context of dusting; and to promote “kitchen professionals” in cabinets.
The branding strategy was upgraded, and a new business model, 1+1+n, was launched to create a specialized set of kitchen systems. In the area of dressing, the company also took the lead in the design of the layout, the high quality of the cards, the organization's resources, and the flow prepositions, which were successfully created after four years of constant effort.
Good business models, launch of the 5+5 cooperation strategy and 3 major cooperation models to achieve multi-dimensional empowerment, which will continue to grow rapidly in the future. Investment advice: companies lead the household industry, building a forward-looking, all-round layout.
Protecting the River, which is still sound in the context of industry pressure, looks at the need for household housing in the second half of the year in the short term, looks forward to the restoration of the performance resulting from the recovery, looks forward to the company’s strategy in the medium to long term, and undertakes to present this report in an independent and objective manner, with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.