Reverse growth in the 2202nd battalion, under pressure, highlights the resilience of the country Investment rating: buy-in (maintain) negative growth in the q2 battalion, with a steady increase in the share of the leading retail market. The first half of the year was marked by widespread disease throughout the country.
Under the pressure of repeated trends and weak real estate, companies have continued to deepen their strategy of crowding out, strengthening the flow of online contacts, actively converting orders, increasing the value of the terminal, and maintaining double-digit growth and business resilience at the same high base last year. On the other hand, in order to achieve a reverse increase in market share,
Increased corporate support for distributors to reduce the pressure on the cost of raw materials through internal efficiency improvements and to increase the share of accessories in the promotion of integrated sales of goods have resulted in a slight reduction in overall profit margins, but in the long run corporate prices have shown a tendency to compare to 300 deep prices.
In early August, the company released a loanable debt to raise $2 billion for the European Intelligent Manufacturing (Wuhan) project.
Construction projects include, inter alia, kitchen cabinets, closets, wooden doors, sanitary baths, etc. The company’s production capacity is currently near saturated, with 21-year cabinets, clothing, wood, and bath capacity bottlenecks, filling the capacity gap in China’s region, and further advancing the national chemical energy layout.
In the second half of the year, the demand for renovations is more rigid and dependent, so the disease is more severe than the demand for consumption in the industry.
20h2, with the rapid recovery of the top business after the epidemic, we also appreciate the improvement in the performance of the second half of the year as a result of the demand recovery. Moreover, with the steady growth targets and the easing of policies, the basics and valuations of the household sector are expected to continue to improve.
The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.