Centre for the Improvement of Consumption and Recreational Studies
The growth of 2q income is resilient and retailing capacity is prominent: the company ' s 2q bulk channel is expected to decline by the same amount, while retail channels, which are expanded through the use of dressing, bagging, etc., continue to achieve excellent growth under the effects of the epidemic, the overall retail share is increasing more dramatically, and the overall retail share is increasing.
It is expected to be driven mainly by excellent growth in the lockers (including accessories), and the contents of the cabinets are expected to show a similar performance.
Highlighting - Europa's Annual Report Review, 2022.4.23. 3. "Rearing, dressering, retailing share continues. The company has made another small price increase since August, adding up the current raw material price without a further upward basis.
Upgrade - Europa's Third Quarterly Review. Overall, the improvement in profit margins in the second half of the year is expected and, by comparison, the 4q improvement in profit margins.
The strategy is firm, the tactics are constantly evolving, and growth can be further enhanced: the company always keeps everyone in the house. Xu Xianzheng-seok's mid-point review. 2021.8.27 The strategy remains unswerving. On this basis, “the whole house is customized”, “the whole house”, “the joint venture model”
q2 continues to grow at a faster pace, with year-round increases in profit forecasts and other innovations in corporate tactics, models, and continuous upgrading of channels, traffic grabs, single additions, and shares.
After the scene’s limitations, the effects of the package and the purchase plus will become fully apparent, driving companies to sustain growth in the stock market through the boost of the ratio plus the bill value. And the demand for home-made 2.0 has increased significantly for headquarters management, supply chain, and distributor services, making it increasingly difficult for the two-line brands to follow up.
Markets have entered the accelerated segmentation phase, while firms rely on continuous business model innovation, growth performance, and growth paths are becoming clearer.
The new model is not expanding well; competition in the assembly channel is increasing; completion is not as fast as expected. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment