Ecuritities Center for Upgrade and Recreational Studies
20 Retail growth bright, h2 profit repairable + 18.2 per cent, mother ' s net profit +0.6 per cent equal to $1.02 billion, of which 2q achieved income 2q retail channel growth bright and product-type convergence trend continued: 2q direct/through channeled
In a situation where channels are under pressure by objective factors in the real estate sector, the retail channels of the company are still growing in real terms.
60% overall excellent retailing capacity is shown again. By product, 2q cooks/cloths/packages (including their semi-annual quick report reviews), 2022.8.10.
Under the circumstances, a high-quality growth of 2q is driven by the excellent growth of business income. And, with a further increase in the associated rates, corporate goods are better integrated as a whole, guided by a “business-as-usual” strategy.
Highlights - Europa Annual Report Review, 2022.4.23 4. Retailing share continued to 31.3% with 2q Mäori + 0.3 pct to 34.0% and 2q Mäori success in improving main cause categories
The income structure optimizes the efficiency gains from the product standardization project in the closet. In terms of cost rates, when pressure is reduced, h2 improves the overall net interest rate over time as the cost input is phased out, actively seeks change, overall direction, sustained growth over time: the company customizes the whole house, adapts everyone,
Tactical tactics, such as “retailing for everyone,” continue to innovate, increasing the power of scavenging traffic and increasing single-value power. In times of high external environmental pressure, industry’s resilience to distribution systems continues to grow, new demands are rising, and the accelerated phase of polarization has begun.
In response to the trend toward demand at the end of the "c" spectrum, the front-end advantage is becoming fully apparent, and the share is expected to accelerate and support firm growth. The new model has not expanded well; competition has increased in the pipeline; and completion has not been as fast as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment