The company plans to release $2 billion in debt transfer for "The Euro-based Intelligent Manufacturing (Wuhan) and the Euro-based Homes (603833).
The project is expected to cost $2.5 billion, and the fund-raising component is partially self-financed by the company. The project is being built over a three-year period, with a projected financial internal return of 23.67% after the post-natal income tax, and an announcement that $2 billion can be transferred to finance the construction of China’s production base.
On 2 August, the company issued a public announcement to issue a total of RMB 2 billion worth of convertible public bonds for a period of six years from the date of issuance, with annual nominal interest rates to be used for “European residence” after deducting the cost of issuance (estimated total of RMB 96,983,000).
On July 8, 2021, the company was planning to invest in the construction of the “European Group’s Chinese Ideas Base in China” with a total investment of RMB 5 billion in one project.
(i) Breaking through the capacity bottlenecks, shortening the service radius, and working with existing production bases to further enhance the capacity of flexible intellectuals. 1) Breaking the capacity bottlenecks: 2021 closets and their furniture products and cabinets
There was an increase of 49.53 per cent, 24.22 per cent, 60.36 per cent, 33.72 per cent, respectively, in cabinets, wooden doors, and sanitary baths, with a shortfall of $10 billion in closets and household co-ops, and a rapid increase in sales of household goods.
95.94 per cent, 96 per cent, 95.43 per cent, energy bottlenecks, and increase in the rate of production of full orders; 2) coordination of regional development and reduction of the service radius: prior to the implementation of the project, China ' s demand was mainly based on the four main production bases, namely, present, remote, tin-free and Tianjin.
After the project was completed, the energy-producing and radiation-emitting areas of China and neighbouring regions significantly reduced the logistics, service radius, reduced delivery cycles, reduced transport costs, enhanced service capacity, and created synergies with the four existing bases; 3) advanced intelligent manufacturing: companies actively implemented the upgrading of their intellectual capabilities
Strategic planning to promote a modern system of intelligence-gathering and digital integration in China's smart-making base, a cluster of home-based, home-based, intelligent production lines, self-researched information systems, Europole (603833): q1 retail
Automation of full-process intelligence from R & D design, raw material procurement, manufacturing to warehousing transport, robust revenue-driven excess expectations. 2020429. With the completion of the project, flexible production levels for companies and operational efficiency are expected to be higher.
Europa Homes (603833): Family Dragons with Right Time of Values 2020317 Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: European Heads of Innovative and Innovative Business Patterns
First, in recent years, the company has successfully built itself into two core categories: the whole cabinet, house-wide customization, and has consolidated the core advantages of marketing, manufacturing, channels, etc., and actively promoted the strategic upgrading of people.
It is expected that the fund-raising project will be implemented in close collaboration with the corporate whole-of-the-art strategy, with fast-track construction of channels, product protection of cindasecuritiesco., ltd River, leading to an accelerated increase in market share.
The risk of a significant decline in real estate sales, increased by competition in the industry \triangleright \
Li Hong Peng, Master of Economics, six young workers’ experience in research in the manufacturing industry, has served in the Merchant Securities Research and Development Centre as a light worker, and will not be relevant, directly or indirectly, to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications to consult on portfolio investment approved by the CVC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.