Light work, Europa residence (603833.sh)
In the first half of 2022, Europoles achieved business income of $9,693 million, an increase of 18.21 per cent in the same year. The net profit on the return of companies to their mothers rose to $1,018 million, an increase of 0.58 per cent in the same year.
There are 7760, an increase of 285 by the end of 2021, and openings are more positive than in the first half of 2021. Overall, although the number of doors continues to increase, the speed of openings has stabilized.
In the first half of the year, the company was affected by the epidemic, and its distribution channels continued to grow faster.
In the context of persistent thunderstorms on real estate clients, major European businesses have responded positively to market changes to adjust the pace of their operations, manage risks, and make steady progress. In the first half of 2022, large corporate lines of business earned 1,369 million yuan, compared to the same amount.
The profit margin has improved to a certain extent, with the gross profit rate rising to 34.01 per cent, compared to the Rainyxy (microsign)
Cho eziochou (micro signal) Cost rates, administrative rates and R & D rates were 8.43 per cent, 6.47 per cent and 6.47 per cent, respectively
Looking ahead, as the corporate strategy continues, so does the expansion of new products such as closets, wooden doors, etc., and the cumulative impact of the epidemic fades, we expect that the company's performance will continue to grow relatively robustly in the second half of 2022.
In the first half of 2022, Euro-based households achieved business income of $9,693 million, an increase of 18.21 per cent in the same year. Corporate net profits rose to $1,018 million, an increase of 0.58 per cent in the same year. The company achieved business income of $5,549 million in the second quarter, an increase of 13.23 per cent in the same year.
The openings were more active than in the first half of 2021. There were 70 new doors in cabinets, closets, Orchards, baths, wooden gates, 71, 72, 36 and 36. Overall, while the number of doors continued to increase, the openings have stabilized.
On 6 June 2022, the brand name of the Star House was branded a new Phoenician, and the brand, business model, product and product were completely upgraded, with a high rate of growth in performance during the reporting period.
Business revenue is expected to rise by more than $1 billion, by more than 60% on a year-on-year basis, and performance has grown rapidly. By comparison, the contribution of the whole garment business has reached 12.82% of the total retail channel, which has continued to rise.
In terms of product extension, the company works hard with 15 world brands of cooking power, including Bo, Philip, Heiyepo, and others.
The “1+1+n” model has been introduced to address consumer pains. Companies have promoted a full upgrading of retail stores, building shop number 1 projects, raising brand image while upgrading marketing capabilities, and promoting full cooperation among more than 4,000 garment companies throughout the country to promote business efficiency.
In the area of branding, on 10 May 2022, the company successfully acquired the Italian high-end home brand former, marking the transfer of the company's high-end customization project from a “strategic pilot phase” to a “strategic input period”, and on 6 June, the company's top-end brand Miform was officially registered and published in China, becoming the only single home brand registered by Italy former in China.
Sales outlets generated $7,807 million, an increase of 25.41% over the same year. In the first half of the year, the company’s distribution channels continued to grow at a faster rate.
Large-scale channels: Against the backdrop of persistent thunderstorms on real-estate clients, major European businesses have been dynamically adjusting to market changes, with a decline of 13.77 per cent over the same period, representing a decrease in the share of total corporate operating income, while accounts receivable and notes receivable have increased by 23.90 per cent over the same period, with the rapid growth of engineering operations amounting to $1,283 million.
The turnover of company accounts receivable rose from 20.12 days in the first half of 2021 to 23.22 days. In the case of the first five accounts receivable balances at the end of the collection of arrears, the company still had accounts receivable from the large, Yaquila-associated business, and subsequent or continuing impairment pressure.
In the first half of 2022, Europoles achieved business income of $9,693 million, an increase of 18.21 per cent. In the second quarter, they achieved business income of $5,549 million, an increase of 13.23 per cent. The growth in business income was relatively robust.
In the first half of 2022, the company’s operating income amounted to $5.219 billion, an increase of 1.95 per cent compared to the previous year, and the overall growth was relatively slow. We believe that the bulk of the business in the cabinet business was higher and was affected by a contraction in the bulk business, and the closet business grew: the first half of the year, which generated $5.219 billion, a 31.43 per cent increase, was more rapid.
The company’s closets and accessories are growing faster by the time the whole house is set to a 2.0-size suite. The bath business: the bath business earns $409 million, down 0.64% from the same year.
Woodgate operations: operating income from wooden business reached $539 million, an increase of 18.18 per cent over the same period, maintaining relatively robust heights and firm costs under pressure; (2) gross profit margins from large-scale company operations declined by 2.12 percentage points over the same period as the competitive environment continued to deteriorate; (3) the share of low-mori woodgates and accessories continued to rise, pulling down.
The increase was 0.80, 0.28 and 0.56 percentage points. Sales costs rose to 8.43 per cent as a result of advertising, increased employee remuneration, and misalignment of operating income and sales costs during the epidemic. Moreover, as research and development inputs increased, the cost of research and development rose to 5.06 per cent, an increase of 0.56 percentage points in the same year.
With regard to cash flows, the significant increase in cash for goods and services payments has led to a net cash flow for companies looking ahead, with the expansion of new products such as closets and wooden doors continuing as the strategy for everyone continues, and the effects of the epidemic gradually faded, and we expect that the company’s performance will continue to grow at a relatively robust pace in the second half of 2022.
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, which includes, but is not limited to, a wide range of channels such as corporate publicity, housing sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained in it. For reasons of time and calibre, the content of this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the GWK is concerned, and for which the GWL is concerned.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information or views expressed in this report do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
The information contained in this report, the tools, the opinions and the property rights of this report are in the hundreds of thousands of Han think tanks.