Europe’s income growth in h1 has been negative, and the multichannel strategy has been very effective, with a net profit of $1.02 billion to the mother, an increase of 0.6 per cent, and a robust growth in h1. The company’s multi-dimensional product
At the same time, the company deepens its “kitchen specialization” branding strategy, enhances its production and brand image, and lifts the guest list. The closet business earns $5.22 billion, or 31.4% more.
The rapid growth of closets is driven by higher income from single shops on the one hand by the company ' s use of cost-effective environmental products and quality of services, and the number of h1 stores is 2272, which is 71 more than at the beginning of the year. The company ' s multi-dimensional approach is a positive one, providing an engine for growth in the products of the kitchen cabinets.
Revenue of $41,500 million, i.e. 6.7 per cent/+7.3 per cent, is mainly due to firm corporate commitment to multi-brand multichannel strategies, coupled with firm corporate efforts to build up the garment business, focus on increased flows, channels, bill of lading values, and H1 upswings in high double digits.
The cost rate has been significantly optimized, and future growth has been sufficient. h1 Māori is 31.3%, which is equivalent to 1.0 pct.
This is mainly due to repeated outbreaks and a further increase in the share of low-moric accessories. There is a small increase in company cost, mainly due to increased brand exposure and expansion of business such as dressing, and the epidemic, which has repeatedly affected the effect of spending, with net interest rates falling by 1.8 pct to 10.5%.
In the context of industrial stock competition, the company took the market price as a standard on 30 August 2022.
It is hoped that the advantages of traditional retail channels will continue to be exploited, while also enhancing the expansion of the garment industry. In addition, companies will continue to be able to sell, and will be expected to further improve the quality of marketing services, build branding power, raise customers, and upgrade the Sino-Soldier International Securities Corporation.
Single value. We look forward to the company's further expansion of its market share and the consolidation of its leading position.
Increased industry competition, less than expected expansion of new products, and fluctuations in prices of raw materials. (8610) 66229231