Eurasia (603833): Everyone's in strategy, with great effect, with steady growth in income in adversity.
Event: The company publishes its 2022-half-cent annual report. In 2022, the company collected $9,693 million from the 1st battalion, customizing the entire household, such as the closet, the whole bath and custom wooden doors, personal design, research and development, production, sale and so forth.
Retail operations are boosted by the multi-dimensional advantage of the vanguard, and the bulk of the business is under pressure by real estate. Income installation services. Companies have an internationalized household product manufacturing base. 1. Retail operations earn $8.074 billion in the first half of the year, i.e. +25.74 per cent; q2 of them receive.
The company has a strong position in traditional distribution channels, and the number of web sites includes house-wide customization, closets, baths, wooden doors, walls.
The company is still able to diversify from paper, kitchen appliances, bedding, etc.
Fast-tracking, with an increase of more than 60% in income in the first half of the year, the Ponist brand operates independently, opening up the panorama: two product matrices: a whole product matrix with closets at its core. The product boundary is expanded to the flexible, electrical, and product-rich leading industries, promoting multi-product synergies through a combination of sales.
Long; 3-brand matrix broadened: brands expanded to cover more consumers, and young O'Pholys were identified, and the cards continued to grow at a high rate: high-end custom brand mifom was officially launched. 2) First half of the year, major operations were affected by downside pressure on real estate, with some pressure on revenue. Companies are working through agency models and stringent controls.
The company has the most extensive shop layout in the industry, accumulates a strong channel operating capacity and excellent distributor resources, and is currently in the pipeline.
First, the matrix is comprehensive. We look at corporate channels and goods as mutually reinforcing, and we continue to achieve better results than our strategy is continuing, with whole-house customization gradually becoming the core of growth. Income categories, 1) closet and furniture household operations earn $5.218 billion in the first half of the year, compared to +31.43 per cent in the case of closet operations.
Three hundred and sixty-six million yuan, +1 95% of the year. 3) A bath, wooden door business, $409 million, and 540 million, together with product power, have now customized the whole house to 2.0, enhancing service and environmental protection through six large spatial customizations, space ellipse, etc.
As far as the closets are concerned, there are 70 to 2529 more doors, while at the same time pushing for the integrated cooking model, strengthening the professional brand image, and achieving almost the same level of pressure below the property, maintaining the crown.
There are 36 to 1057 new ones at the wooden gate, while the wooden gate continues to be imported more quickly into the garments and homes, and is now beginning to open up the channels of dressing and bulk, with growth expected in the future. The company is based on basic dishes such as cabinets, closets, etc., and continues to work with sales to facilitate the development of other products, and expands the boundaries of the goods.
The increase in raw material prices still puts pressure on the Māori rate. In August, companies raised prices for major products, while prices for metal raw materials such as aluminium and stainless steel fell sharply from q2, and Māori rates are expected to continue to improve, given the delayed nature of price transmission.
+0.80 pct/+0.28ct,q2 actively invests in marketing costs, but revenues are not as high as the company expects. The company has shown a relatively strong cost-control capacity in its history.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Companies have significant advantages in traditional distribution channels, while at the same time actively moving forward in their operations. Companies continue to open up growth space through channels, goods, brands, and multiple dimensions. Companies are expected to grow.
Eurasia (603833): Everyone is very strategic, and income is growing steadily in adversity.
Changja Jay, research assistant profile, Shen Chong Lwin.
He spends on light work research, and analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the government (603833) has been very strategic, and income has been growing steadily in the face of adversity.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.