In the first half of the year, there was an 18 per cent increase in revenue and a flat net profit under cost pressure.
It's a light-working, home-made, Ding Shige, Jiaki Liu.
Corporate bulletin: On 10 August, the company released its semi-annual performance report for 2022, with an increase of $9,693 million, or 18.21 per cent, in the company ' s business income of 2022h1; a net profit of $1,018 million, or 0.58 per cent, in the case of the return to the mother; a net profit of $981 million, or 3.78 per cent, in the case of the non-return to the mother.
(ii) Profit is largely affected by the rise in the cost of raw materials, the increase in cost inputs, the decline in product structure and changes in channel structure; the company announces the start of full price increases for its products on 1 August, and the cost pressures are expected to improve in the second half of the year; 3) the company actively promotes its corporate strategy in a multi-dimensional manner, using the overall tone of “trails, traffic grabs, increases, shares”; and it benefits from a strategy of house-to-house customization and overhauling.
Keeping in mind that the company's leading advantage has been to gain a higher rate of growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating. We maintain performance projections. The projected income share for the period 2022-2024 is robust, and performance is constrained by changes in costs, costs, product structure and channel structure.
In the first half of 2021, the company’s performance over the same period was constrained by changes in costs, costs, product structure, and channel structure. 2022h1 achieved a net return of $1.018 billion, an increase of 0.58 per cent, and a deduction of $981 million, an increase of 3.78 per cent. Of these, operating income for the second quarter was $5.549 billion, an increase of 13.23 per cent.
Mother-to-mother net profit is 765 million yuan, a decrease of 0.46 per cent in the same year; non-mother-to-mother net profit is 748 million yuan, an increase of 1.45 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the average unit and import price index for a variety of items was at a high level for almost five years; Europa households had issued official announcements that, as of 1 August, they would increase the full price of their pantry cabinets and closets and were expected to reduce cost pressures in the second half of the year; and (2) costs were affected by weak property chains, recurrent epidemics, weak overall demand in the household sector, and companies stimulated the elimination by increasing marketing and personnel costs, as well as increased distributor subsidies.
Cost demand; 3) Change in product structure, rapid increase in the sale of whole-house packages, and increase in the share of gross domestic product (Māori) in the income of the lower package; 4) Changes in channel structure, whereby the supply channel increases faster than the retail channel, while the profit margin from the whole channel is lower than the retail channel. Figure 11: Europa issues price increases
In the reporting period, companies actively promoted corporate ownership strategies in the overall sense of “twice, seizure of traffic, increase of single value, increase of share” and, in the context of the higher performance base, increased number of clients and steady growth of performance in the major departments of industry: one is set as a whole.
On the one hand, there has been a further build-up to customize 2.0 to customize the user to tailor the whole room six-space solution to meet its individualized needs, creating a new path for the development of the industry; on the other hand, there has been an up-to-date business, which, under the pre-emptive advantage, has been continuously strengthened by client capabilities, operations and industry, laying a solid foundation for future development; on the other hand, there has been a renewed upgrading of the “kitchen specialization” brand strategy in the cabinets.
By category, benefiting from the rapid development of household strategies and tailoring, it is expected that company closets and accessories will grow at a higher rate than the overall rate; by channel, the overall pipeline is expected to grow at 30-40%, and public data show that in 2021, the European cooker worked with over 4,000 companies and set up 3970 fitting points, with a total collection of over $2.06 billion; the Europa closet was installed with the heads of the regions in 2021.
The number of companies has also broken out by 600, with more than $500 million in cleaning, and only in the first half of 2022, with Europa closets breaking out by 1600 and more than $600 million in head-loading throughout the country. Moreover, retail revenue growth is higher than the overall growth rate; large channels are expected to fall.
During the first half of 2022, external factors such as recurrent domestic epidemics, high prices for raw materials, and continued weak properties created many uncertainties for the household sector, particularly in the second quarter. The growth rate of corporate incomes under the influence of the epidemic and the property chain remained sharp, and we looked forward to the stability and growth of the company’s performance. Companies have a strong competitive edge as industry leaders, especially in the light of the strong competitive advantages they currently display in the consolidation channels.
On the one hand, the company has a pre-emptive advantage in retailing and dressing the business of everyone, and on the other hand, the fast-growing size of the upholstery business, with the Europeans, thanks to the product, channel and brand advantage of their own industry, is expected to help companies in the future to become more efficient and reduce the cost of getting visitors, while at the same time generating rapid growth in more categories of goods.
The epidemic has struck repeatedly; the start of real estate has continued to decline; and the pattern of competition in the industry has deteriorated.
Eurasia — 603833-2021: 35 ~ 45 per cent annual growth in revenue and rapid growth in cleaning operations I: Equities — Eurasia — Eurasia — 603833-2020: Rapid Multi-Purpose Growth — Eurasia — Eurasia — 603833-2020 Quarterly Review: Net Profit Overexpected, Product Structure Optimization and Channeling
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them