A fast-track performance report meets expectations, and the platform's strengths are reinforced by the Euroside (603833), an increase of 18.21 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $1.018 billion over the same period, an increase of 0.58 per cent over the same period, net non-repatriation.
In the q2 season, the company achieved $5,549 million in operating income, an increase of 13.23 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $765 million, a combination of downside real-estate sales data, recurrent outbreaks and persistently high prices of raw materials, home occupation, etc.
The industry is under pressure to maintain a high performance base in the first half of 2021 as a result of the build-up of household consumption demand from the previous period, the company has continued to grow in the first half of the year, the household industry has increased its concentration, the logic of optimal patterns has gradually been realized, and the company has taken up its share as a leading industry company.
Capacity and operational resilience were demonstrated. Profit margins were under pressure at a high base for the same period in 2021, with 2h22 expected to ease. 1h22 net \triangleright
As the company adjusts the prices of its products in the second half of the year, while raw material prices have begun to fall, we expect that the profit-end pressure of 2h22 will be eased. The parallel drivers of fit-out, home-made customization, and the advantages of the platform layout will be highlighted.
Under the overall strategy, the advantage of a home-led supply chain integration has been demonstrated, with product and brand matrix upgrades. The shift from one-single to one-sales to one-showing, product integration has led to a steady increase in the value of the closets, with a significant increase in end-streaming and transformation rates; and 2) fit-out: fit-in and retail preparation.
On the one hand, in 2018, the company moved to maturity and fast-tracking through a forward-looking layout model; in 21 it built up the list of recipients at a rate of more than 90 per cent; in June 2022, it launched the platinum Ness complex (the home of the planets); and the product was positioned differently from the Euros, accelerating the coverage of the empty market.
On the other hand, retail dress-up has increased the level of recruitment, and the company is expected to expand rapidly with a strong brand and channel system.
(c) Informationization & supply chain capacity: companies increase their R & D investments and go to the new steps 202,2802
Access, self-research caxa software design, full product, full-source extension, strategy for everyone
Power-led revenue over expectations: 202,20429 Will to work together to upgrade supply chain capacity through digital enabling companies.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Euro-based innovation and innovation skills for business models when the head value is right. 2020317. First, in recent years, the company has succeeded in creating a leading position in the entire cabinet and in customizing the two core categories.
Compiling the core advantages of marketing, manufacturing, channels, etc., has actively promoted the strategic upgrading of everyone.22 During the second half of the year, the company proposed a debt to build a Chinese production base, and the new capacity is expected to work with the company as a whole.
The strategy is to fast-track the development of channels, protected rivers, and accelerate the increase in the market share.
Risk factors: significant downside risks in real estate sales, increased risks due to competition in industry \triangleright Lee Hong Peng, Master of Economics, six young workers with experience in manufacturing, formerly employed as light labourers at the Centre for Securities Research and Development
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.