Launching of a custom-made 2.0 for continuous industry development Euro-Study (603833.sh) event: 15 July, at the Euro-Standard headquarters, "A new level of home"
"One core, two logos, three capabilities,
A four-step process. A whole-house custom is a whole-house solution that customizes users to meet their individual needs. A core refers to the use of " whole-house thinking" to understand household lifestyles, functional needs and style preferences, and to provide holistic solutions in space;
Two markers are: on the one hand, on the one hand, the six main spaces of the focus “Incoming + living room + restaurant + bedroom + multi-purpose room + balcony” in space dimensions, and, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, the current integration of the “door walls” category, one-stop, high-value matching; and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, there is a single-stop, high-price scale, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand.
Reciprocal with whole space layout, whole-house functional planning, whole-house effect mix capabilities to meet the personalized needs of the user for space, function and face value; four-step process for whole-house planning, whole-house design, menu pricing and integrated delivery, process-based
The menu price is a logical innovation, and the three core packages are published. The whole unit is combined with a bottom-drawn menu, and the three core packages are released: $29,800 for the whole house.
(b) A full-time fashion set of $29,800, tailored to fit-room customer needs;
A better-looking package for a better-quality customer. A better package with a better value for money than a family of 1.0, a better family 2.0, on the one hand, breaks the usual thinking and limitations of the previous package and leads to an innovation in the way prices are calculated; on the other hand, the package is upgraded and has a better value for money.
And a rich package matrix will fully meet the individualized needs of consumers. Investment advice: companies lead the household industry, have a full competitive advantage, move ahead steadily under the big home strategy, publish the whole family 2.0 model, and achieve further materialization.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.