The full price increase is complete.
On the evening of July 24, Jang Yang issued an announcement that will be the lead product on the day of the announcement.
1. Foreign-market prices will increase by no more than US$ 3. 1. Foreign-sales increases, and the overall rise in the prices of the plants will create elasticity in performance, according to company announcements, in the last 10 years, the prices of overseas markets have increased eight times.
After an increase of $31.5 from about $13.5 in 2005 to about $45 in 2014, the price of the outlet did not exceed $3, and a subsequent move, the company has since re-distributed the price of the plant in and out of the film.
According to the annual price increases, export sales remained generally stable after price increases and, with the exception of the marked decline in 2014 due to market regulation factors, a total of 224 million yuan was collected in 2015 and 2016, accounting for approximately 20.3 per cent of the collection of 1103 million yuan.
Assuming that the export sales of Tsai will remain stable, without taking into account other factors, it is expected that the increase in the prices of some of the second outlet will result in a net gain of about 6.25 million (= 224 million), which is expected to be one billion varieties in the future if approved for listing.
1 Enghing Securities-Photo Annual Report (600436) and Quarterly Review: The price increases are expected to continue, and the prices rise to the new channel 2.
According to the previous announcement, the rapid expansion of the asset sales model was expected to expand to 100 in 2017.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources of growth: complete price increases, and a new route with full price increases is expected to open 1) Consumption rises are on the rise, leading to higher prices expected while driving demand growth. Currently, the supply and demand that have been brought about by rising consumption rises.
New changes: The country has moved into an ageing society, accompanied by an increase in disposable income and an increase in the demand for high-health-related products and services. As a consumer of Chinese medicine, it has not only therapeutic effects, but also non-therapeutic effects such as pyrolysis, cold haemorrhage, swelling pain relief, liver protection, alcohol protection, beauty suits, etc., which have been referred to as “national treasure medicine”, “medium medicine special effects antibiotics”; and about one-third of the country’s population is used for the treatment of diseases, three.
In this broader context of rising consumption, it is clear that the dependence on its own brand visibility and consumer attributes will benefit, hopefully leading to higher-middle-end consumption of high-health products. 2) The scarcity of raw materials + the advantage of brands, the cost of pushing up prices, and the scarcity of products keep demand rigid. Most of these drugs have been taken with artificial musk.
After replacing the natural musk, the country has allowed the continued use of natural musk, while the prices of raw materials, both yellow and yellow, have continued to rise, and the public administration is expected to have the incentive to continue to increase prices in the future; on the other hand, Tianzhou is the only supplier of the drug, with a leading and brand advantage that gives companies a stronger bargaining power. And, while the prices of corporate products are likely to rise, the demand for corporate products is expected to remain rigid: company prescriptions and workers.
Art is still a top-secret protected species of the country, with traditional production techniques included in the national list of intangible cultural heritage and in the national list of Chinese drug protection varieties, and the Chinese medicine branded Chinese. These characteristics determine the unique position of the company in the market, the high size of the product base, and its stable market position and share, and demand will remain stable to the extent expected, even as prices rise.
In the context of rising consumption, the natural musk of the raw materials of the company, the scarcity of its natural yellow resources, coupled with its branding advantages, the company's long-term development and the maintenance of its “highly recommended” rating.
East's financial and intellectual source: The full price increase has been completed, and a new route is expected to open.
One, the seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. A Master of Pharmacology from Beijing University, a Bachelor of Pharmacology from North Beijing University, a Bachelor of Economics from Beijing University, and three students from the King Business School.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.