Q: After three years of rebooting prices, looking at the long-term logic of rising volume prices and remaining internal and external price differentials, outward sales are expected to continue to reduce price differentials.
The format was announced on July 24, and the company decided that, from the date of the announcement, the price of the dominant product plate will not be higher than $3.385. There is still a gap between the internal and external prices, and we believe that there is room to raise the price of the product.
In terms of sales, the net profit of the mother was $433 million, an increase of 41.88 per cent over 2014, except for market regulation, where the company is expected to earn 81.7 per cent net profit in the second quarter and 30.18 per cent in the next quarter, which is a continuation of the high growth trend. We believe that the income-side gains have been achieved.
The higher rate of growth was due to the fact that the commercial subsidiary, Xiamen Xiaojun, was expected to maintain a positive increase in the volume of the core product, driven by active marketing and price increases, at the end of which it was 6 per cent higher than during the same period last year, with an estimated overall increase of more than 30 per cent in sales and a side-by-side reflection of the company.
The results of proactive marketing reforms are evident. 3. The ability to continuously raise prices and continue to build brands and channels. 1) The core ingredient is natural.
Medium-Term Strategy for the Pharmaceutical Sector 2017: The promotion of health-care reform leads to a sustained industry that determines the value-added properties of its products, which leads to high price certainty; and a strong population base and a steady increase in demand due to the efficacy of the treatment.
It does not become a bottleneck in the supply of raw materials. 2) Companies are actively changing marketing patterns from the original business system to active marketing, using regional distribution, vip sales, and a variety of marketing models. Companies focus on strengthening end-of-life shop construction (currently 76 experience shops across the country, planned for three years).
In addition, companies are actively expanding their daily business, increasing their branding abroad, increasing their incentives for sales people, increasing their brand visibility and promoting sales growth.
Medical biology: In addition to deepening traditional channels in the area of cosmetics, emphasis has been placed on the construction of dressing stores and electrical outlets; the promotion of toothpaste has been increased by the Department of Public Administration and Shanghai Familyization.
Famous medicine, whose main raw material is the scarce, state-controlled, medium-medicated medicine, which for many years has been out of supply and demand, with cost pressures leading to a sustained increase in the price of the product; high levels of customer stickyness, coupled with increased sales by the company; wide range, with the prospect of a massive increase in prices; and the company's dailyization, extension and acquisition.