The performance of pharmaceutical organisms continues to grow, and the price increases are gradually emerging at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Corporate operating income, net profit deductions in the first half of 2017, $1.75 billion, $420 million, business income; b. flat-rate increases in the parent company ' s revenue, which is about 33.6 per cent, liver, which is about 81.5 per cent, and the ring is equal, and we judge the increase in sales of 2017,q2 pieces of titanium.
Still growing at a relatively rapid rate, sales grew at an annual rate of 10 per cent more than assumed in the previous period ' s depth report in 2017, an increase of about 22 per cent over the same period, well below the rate of income growth, as follows: a. Gross company during the period, but we found that the parent ' s Māori rate was about 81.9 per cent, and an increase of about 1.6 percentage points over the same period, so we thought we were out.
The cost increases of about 60%, 22%, and the cost increases of sales costs, in addition to commercial side-events, have also led to higher cost rates as companies invest continuously in marketing networks such as experience shops. We believe that the company’s products, with their scarcity, luxury, etc., will benefit from rising consumption trends. A large market gap will also support its future growth.
The price increases will be fully reflected in the acceleration of the pace of performance growth into a rapid development phase. 1) Small-asset experience models, such as shops, have led to the gradual movement of Chinese products from Fujian to China, South China, North China, and the rest of the country.
Construction, with a target of nearly 300), will result in a significant increase in self-employment to 20-30% of income and is expected to contribute to a steady increase in product sales; b. Increased incentives for salesmen and more liberal policies for distributors in order to promote product sales; 2) increased scarcity of the price-raising logic. The current national production of natural musk is about 500 kgg/
The current competition for natural musk is increasing. We believe that the products and raw materials are scarce and consumed after the last round of price increases.
Biannual performance super-market expectations, 3. Biannual performance expectations, 600436: scarce, luxury, branded drugs, rising prices (2017-04-17)
(600436) : The price of the series has risen, space; 3) management has a clear strategy, gradually changing from a business-based to an active marketing model. Continue to strengthen the terminal, using models such as the experience shop, to move the product from Fujian to China, China, North China, and beyond.
The country, we expect the growth of both pharmaceuticals and derivatives to be bright; 4) the market is still expected to fall short.a The valuation is about 54 times the company’s central valuation, 79 times the value ceiling, and the historical price premium is over 20%. Although I am overvalued compared to the industry’s leading firms, such as the comparable company Yunnan White Pharmacy, East Aqua.
We believe that the uniqueness of their products, their scarcity and the special nature of their stage of development deserve high valuation; b, expectations, and the possibility of continuing price increases; c, raw materials stress? We believe that the supply of musk, though tight, is still fragmented within the industry, and that it is safe for companies to supply musk, mainly because of adequate stocks,
The industry has improved the number of mussels, and the company’s base of mussels has a reserve. We judge that the bottlenecks in the company’s raw materials production limit its long-term growth.
A healthy series of sales, with a steady increase in revenue, and a strong expectation of an outlay after participation in the establishment of the M & A fund, maintains that No has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.