-Photo 1 (600436) with slightly higher performance than expected, leading product shoals with higher volume prices, pharmaceutical and commercial plates (revenue +205.2.23 per cent): a subsidiary, Xiaomen Xiao Ying, has been fully installed since August 23, 2016.
In the first half of 2017, there were 745 million new medical business revenues; (2) the pharmaceutical industry block (income + 34.78 per cent): the result of an increase in the sales of the product series (+33.57 per cent) dominated by the parent industry, where sales were projected to increase by around 25 per cent in the first half of the year, on the one hand, and the price of the company ' s products.
3) The overall cost rate has declined, the operating cash flow is good and the quality of the collection is high. The overall cost rate of the company is 15.53%, compared with the annual cost rate for the entire year 2016 + 139.76%, mainly due to the increase in cash received during the period and the high quality of the permanent replenishment of the fixed-term deposits due to the collection of funds. 1) The rising consumption is a trend that has led to higher price expectations while driving demand growth.
New changes: The country has moved into an ageing society, accompanied by an increase in disposable income and an increase in the demand for high-health-related products and services. As a consumer of Chinese medicine, it has not only therapeutic effects, but also non-therapeutic effects such as pyrolysis, cold haemorrhage, swelling pain relief, liver protection, alcohol protection, beauty suits, etc., which have been referred to as “national treasure medicine”, “medium medicine special effects antibiotics”; and about one-third of the country’s population is used for the treatment of diseases, three.
One-third of Eastern financial and intellectual growth is spent on reproductive health and one-third on civic gifts. Against this backdrop of rising consumption, it is clear that the use of high- and middle-level high-health products, relying on their own branding and consumer attributes, will benefit and hopefully lead to higher consumption.
2) The scarcity of raw materials + brand advantage, the cost of price increases, and the scarcity of products keep demand rigid. After most of the mesmerized medicine has been taken with artificial musk, the country has allowed the continued use of natural musk, the prices of raw materials, both natural and yellow, have continued to rise, and the Department is expected to have the incentive to continue to increase prices in the future: on the other hand, Tsai is the only supplier of pseudo-type drugs, and the dragons and brands have given the company the advantage.
At the same time that the prices of company products are likely to be high, the demand for company products is expected to remain rigid: company prescriptions and trades are still a top-secret protected species of the country, traditional production techniques are listed in the national list of intangible cultural heritage, Chinese medicine protection varieties at the national level, and Chinese medicine brand products are rated Chinese. These characteristics determine the unique position of the company’s product complex in the market.
High base, stable market position and share, and even with rising prices, demand will remain stable to the extent expected. 3) The regional distribution +vip marketing model + the sale of the Xijin Pavilion, where brand promotion and channels are expanding. Corporate sales are mainly carried out through local distributors as well as through retail outlets of medicines; for sales, the company has set up a vip section at the Xi Xiaoyu Pharmacy, which is dedicated to the company's subsidiary Xi Xiaoyu Pharmacy.
At the same time, the company has set up a “scaffle of the experience”, which, in collaboration with the pharmaceutical companies, creates an organic combination of “Cult Communication Plus Brand Show + Product Promotion + Field Experience (non-pharmaceutical)”, which is used mainly to sell the company's product series, and to raise the awareness and loyalty of the consumer community to the brand.
The rapid expansion (which is expected to expand to 100 in 2017 and target 200 in the next 2-3 years) and the expansion of brands and channels is expected to expand at 44x, 33x, and 26x, respectively. In the context of rising consumption, the company’s raw materials are characterized by natural musk, scarcity of natural yellow and yellow resources, and strong branding, secondary development is expected to be effective, price increases are expected to continue, demand is expected to grow steadily, and prices are likely to rise at a higher rate.
Keep an eye on the company's long-term development and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Zhang Jinyan Team Leader, 3 years of portfolio research experience and 3 years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Seventh team member, Nuclear Heart, New Wealth, 2015 and third core team member, Crystal ball, 2015. Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Economics, Beijing University
B.A. and K.I.A. have served in China’s Galaxy Securities Company Ltd., the Democratic Securities Company Ltd., and Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals, the first core team member in 2016, first in the public collection list and second in the non-public collection list. M.A. in Finance, Southwest University of Finance, research in medicine and medicine, focusing on the disaggregated areas of Chinese medicine, blood products, etc., focusing on investment opportunities arising from the transformation of health across borders.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice contained therein.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.