We're talking about this: volume, double-priced company's performance.
1. The company entered the period of gold development at a very high price. The company’s parent’s statement in the first quarter of 2017 increased by 34.6 per cent, some of it. At the beginning of 2016, the price of the plant was approximately $340 per grain.
The price, we measure the price of the film, is now about $380-390 per grain, and we believe that the price increase is still possible and that it is expected to be raised again in the second half of this year. 2. Objective and subjective conditions are in place, and corporate sales are increasing.
1) Increased supply of natural musk for objective raw materials, and increased production of these items, which are referred to as the "national treasure medicine", are included in the national drug protection variety, and are the country's two-class, top secret formulations, and there are no similar competitions in the market.
Because the production capacity of raw materials is limited by the scarcity of natural musk, which limits the company’s production over time, the company has not been very active in promoting the scallops and marketing areas. In 2005, as a result of the decline in the number of natural musk, the Forestry Service provided that only seven enterprises could use natural musk.
After 2013, the country’s musk industry matured and increased its production of musk. After 2013, 10 new businesses were able to use natural musk.
The National Treasure Medicine, which provides a guarantee for the supply of raw materials that rises in “volume prices”. It helps to expand the company’s output. We believe that the bottleneck of musk supplies has nearly broken, leaving room for the company’s long-term development.
2. Since 2015, companies have gradually increased their marketing costs, and have set up a school of experience.
Since 2015, the company has launched a new outreach model, the Quai House. The Quai Pavilion is mostly built in airports, large malls, etc.
In 2016, the company set up more than 80 film galleries throughout the country and is expected to reach 160 by 2017.
43x, 33x, 26x. Given the status of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, the clear therapeutic effects, and the trend towards a “volume price” increase, we give companies a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board