The year-long net profit increase due to the loss of car car parts and components iii, and the start of the United States factory.
Companies publish annual reports for 2017, a percentage point of the year. As a result of the appreciation of the renminbi, net profits have increased at a significantly lower rate than the growth rate (388 million yuan in 2017 and 459 million yuan in 2016), and if this factor is taken into account, operating profits have increased by 17.52 per cent over the same period.
We think that corporate revenue and profits are expected to remain higher than industry averages in the coming years.
The main reasons for this increase are: 1) China's automobile industry has moved from rapid to qualitative development, with zero market share of the upstream component or accelerated concentration of the product and brand power in the industry. 2) New domestic and foreign plant inputs have led to a sustained expansion of productive capacity, with overseas markets opening up to corporate growth ceilings. 3) The application of the panoramic window has led to a single entry point.
Annual data show that Fukuyo has about 63% of China’s market share, while overseas markets account for about 20%, one of the world’s big car glass giants. By accounting for annual production, we estimate the company’s current gross domestic product of car glass.
It could be about 28 million units, which could be upgraded to 36 million units in the future and close to 30 per cent in space (increment from Tianjin and Suzhou plants); overseas production capacity close to 4 million units, which could be raised to 8.5 million units in the future, with more than 200 per cent in space (increment from U.S. plants II and Russian plants II).
The country’s factories achieved $319 million in revenues and lost and contributed $754.5 million in net profits. US plants are expected to start production in the first half of this year with 2.5 million packages of production in phase II, and the completion of new capacity is expected to continue to improve profitability and contribute more profits to the company.
The use of bicycle glass is rising year by year, with higher value-added products bringing up the price. According to the Gestapo Car Network, the use of car glass has increased year by year, reaching 5 square metres, and is expected to increase further in the future.
The Division has developed high-value car glass products such as hud-up glass, soundproof glass, water-aversion glass, spd light glass, plating, and ultra-UV-insulated glass. As domestic consumption increases, the demand for high-value-added car glass will continue to rise, and the company’s products are expected to increase at full prices.
The company published its annual report for 2017, which achieved operating income of $18,716 million, an increase of 12.60 per cent over the year and a profit of $459 million over the year. If this factor is taken into account, operating profits increase by 17.52 per cent over the year.
In 2017, under the double pressure of a cut-off tax on the purchase of small-volume cars and a fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles, the domestic car market grew by only 3.19 per cent throughout the year (less than the 5 per cent increase forecast for the market at the beginning of 2017). In this case, the company has achieved a growth rate of more than 10 per cent, higher than the industry average. Looking ahead, we believe that the company’s operating income is expected to remain higher than it will be in the coming years.
The main reasons for the growth in the industry are: 1) China's automobile industry has moved from speed to quality development, and the amount of the car glass market has been concentrated or accelerated towards product power and brand power. 2) New domestic and foreign factory operations have led to a sustained expansion of productive capacity, with overseas markets opening up the company's growing ceiling. 3) The use of the panoramic window has led to a further increase in the use of bicycle glass, and high value added, such as Hud.
Up to 42.76 per cent in 2017, showing the competitiveness of the company's car glass and the gradual increase in the share of high value added products Three cost ratios were for the company's sales, administrative and financial costs of 6.81 per cent in 2017, 13.90 per cent for the efficiency of the use of funds, and for the company's inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable swing days in 2017
There is no risk of unpayable liabilities in the short term because of the low level of solvency and the high level of solvency. By way of example, Roe could be divided into profitability (net interest rate), operating capacity (asset turnover rate) and liabilities (equity multiplier)
Three factors, the decline in corporate Roe, which resulted from a decline in net interest rates (affected by financial costs), a decline in asset turnover (the firm has increased its fixed asset investment in recent years) and a decline in equity multipliers (the corporate debt ratio declined).The company achieved operating income of $5.316 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017, a 5.67 per cent increase over the previous quarter; and operating profits of $1,060 million.
Decline of 11.58 per cent in the same year; net profit return of $1.005 billion, an increase of 3.75 per cent in the same year; Māori rate of 42.63 per cent, the same figure as in the previous year: Māori and net interest rates for companies for nearly 12 quarters; Figure 14: Three cost rates for companies for nearly 12 quarters
Since its inception, the size and market share of the company has been growing. According to Roland Berg, sales in 2013 are increasing.
In 2017, the company generated 17,868 million yuan in automobile glass, an increase of 16.67% compared to 2017, and 36.90% in Māori, which has already reached its mark (more than 90% of the floating glass produced by the company was used for the manufacture of car glass, thereby creating an internal offset of 2,672 million yuan).
Figure 15: Corporate principal business income and compound growth (in billions of yuan) According to information provided by Roland Berg, the company ' s share of the global car glass market is only about 20% in 2013 and there is much room for improvement. In the face of large overseas markets, companies have been investing in plants in the United States since 2013.
The company ' s revenue from its car glass overseas grew by 15.58 per cent in 2017 over the same period, exceeding the rate of increase in its vehicle glass revenue in China (8.12 per cent in the same year).
At the domestic level, the Tianjin factory (two million car-glass units per year, to be expanded to four million in the future) was tested in 2016, the Liaoningbeng River factory (450,000 tons of floating glass per year) was inaugurated in March 2017, and the Suzhou factory (four million car-saves per year) is in the process of being built. The total domestic capacity is estimated to be 28 million units, with an increase expected in the future.
By the end of 2017, the US is expected to have completed phase II (2.5 million car glass units per year), which will be ready for production in the first half of the year, and the US Moraine plant (200 square meters per year of vehicle safety glass) in Ohio, which is almost complete.
At present, the company has close to 4 million offshore production capacity and is expected to rise to 8.5 million in the future, raising space by more than 200%. In 2017, Fukuyo’s U.S. factory achieved $319 million in operating income, a net profit of $754.5 million, and a loss of profit.
According to the Gestapo Carnet statistics, with the upgrading of glass manufacturing techniques and consumer demand for driving experience and functionality, the use of vehicle glass is increasing year by year, and the use of vehicle glass has now exceeded 5 square metres (by measuring about 4 square metres per car glass). There is still much room for increasing future use of vehicle glass.
The company is expected to increase its sales in a synchronized manner as a domestic car glass tap. Figure 18: Trends in vehicle glass usage trends
In recent years, through sustained R & D investment, new technology products have been developed from four dimensions: “safe comfort, energy-efficient environment, beauty, intelligent integration” and high-value car glass products such as hud head-showing glass, soundproof glass, hate glass, spd mode, plating glass, ultra-violet insulated glass have been developed.
The demand for value-added car glass will increase gradually, and companies are expected to achieve a substantial increase in the volume of their products. Fourthly, profitability projections and investment proposals The domestic automobile industry is not growing as fast as expected, and overseas plant capacity is not being released as expected.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data