Mid 2025: Mau-Dai's rhythm, series of wines, marginal pressure, mo-dao's rhythm, q2 marginal rate of decline. 25h1 company's alcohol income is on the same scale.
Slowing down, mainly because of a series of alcohols that have been hit by the scene and demand. 1) Sub-products look: 1 pedestal is associated with a change in the rhythm of direct distribution channels (dealers ' unmarked quotas have been growing faster, countries have been falling, and 1 has had a high base for the same period last year (24q2 mats, 1935, speed of release of Han sauce),2
External demand shocks result in loads. 2) Sub-channels: Direct sales, wholesale channels q2 revenues are driven mainly by offline channels, where i-pots q2 income is equal to -0.3 per cent, and other direct distribution channels receive the same share +24.9 per cent, mainly through the transfer of non-target quotas from distributors.
▪ The gross sales spread has continued and the advance payments have fallen. 1) At the spot end, 25q2 companies received a ratio of billions of dollars, mainly a series of liquor dealers whose payments fluctuated. 2) At the profit end, the net interest rate of 25q2 was the same ratio - 1.0 pct to 48.5 per cent, mainly due to the continuing pressure of the gross sales margin, q2 had the same gross sales difference of 0.7 pct, of which the gross was down by 0.7 pct.
Interest rates have been affected by the fall in alcohol series, which has fallen by only 0.3 pct; sales rates have remained rising by 0.5 pc; companies have increased their market-based inputs by 51 per cent; and advertising and market costs for h1 have increased by the same 51 per cent.q2 companies have managed the same rate down by 0.4 pct, while the salaries of their principal employees have decreased by 18 per cent.
" Kotau, Guizhou (600519). Rationalism and pragmatism, keeping the process of changing, pushing for supply-side adjustment, and enhancing product suitability and channel penetration. At the Group 10, known as " Reciprocal Revenue " . 1) At the end of the product, it revolves around the Pyramid-type matrix of products, bottom-line production.
(b) Other specifications, such as 1l, 750ml, 100ml, expand market access and channel coverage.
In addition, the sorority of provincial and district distributors will take the lead in forming a consortium to build a joint venture.
Small batches, territorialized forms of development of proxy provincial custom-made creative products to better match demand and power.
2) At the end of the channel, Mao Dai has established a variety of 10 types of facilities to improve the self-employment system + the social distribution system, which will strengthen the coordination role of the integrated and balanced system, and the social distribution system, which is expected to have the potential for expansion in terms of the advantages of outreach, precision and transformation.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on business target 2025 and current sales feedback, I draw irrational responses, etc.
The monetary units of the relevant data are the renminbi and the East Wu Securities Company Ltd., which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.