\Trangleright \Trangleright
Kilograms are used to boost the speed of the knuckles, and the series of wines are run under short-term pressure. For example: 1 kiosks \triangleright twig speed, the main result of the restoration of the national capital and the rapid release of the knapsacks. 25h1 kryptons.
The Māori rate is 93.8 per cent, corresponding to 0.28 pcts, a steady moderate drop in the main due to structural changes, and this year ' s incremental contribution was modest, with a higher structural non-target product during the same period last year, with a slightly higher expected level of Māori than a kilogram of non-target products.2 The series of wines of 25h1/25q2 generated 137.63/67.4 billion yuan, or 4.68 per cent/-65.3 per cent.
In addition to demand for policy factors, the fall in the second quarter was also due to the high base for the same period last year.
· The restructuring of the liquor distributors interfered with the remunerative rhythm, adding up a single-sale mast by 1935 from 24q3 to the price of 77.6% of the liquor series, which is related to Bi-2.66pcts, and to the structure of the bottled 1935 series. Wholesale agent channels remain stable, direct distribution channels or through the transfer of kg to the quota, increasing significantly faster than ever.
\triangleright billion yuan, +16.52 per cent of the year, increasing significantly faster than the big plate, or because of the full distribution of kilograms through the liquor industry, where the distribution quota was originally set aside, through direct channels, the distributors turned into their own distributors.
Revenue is accounted for as direct sales channels. 25q2 “i huts” achieve a non-taxable income of $4.89 billion for alcohol, i.e., 0.35 per cent.
\triangleright 3. 3 Tri-quarterly newspaper point 0.32 pcts in Guizhou (600519.sz) 2024. The increase in sales costs is mainly due to the increase in advertising and market costs in Mau station 1935. 25q2
A seven-fold increase in the dollar, mainly due to the relaxation of the lending policy by the fully-owned subsidiary, the Liquor and Liquor Marketing Company Ltd. (sales series) to ease the pressure on channel funds and to accept the dealer to return the money in a bank exchange ticket. Investment proposal: The current macro-environment and policy factors are still under influence, and the recovery of the consumption scene and demand for white wine is still under way
Given the time required to combine the company's branding power and channel against risk, we believe that the company is still in a position to complete a year-round study of methodological and analytical logic, to produce the report independently and objectively, and to be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, that the findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and that the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.