The semi-annual performance appraisal scheme has been steadily moving forward. While the liquor factory has received no worries, the value of its liability at the end of the contract has been falling relative to that of the ring, reflecting, to some extent, the fact that market demand is weak.
Liu Lei-jin's price is down, the wine factory is still maintaining a steady pace of delivery, and it is expected that the number of non-standard products, such as kilograms, will increase by 110 in the country's series of liquor distributors, thus significantly accelerating the expansion of the distribution network.
Direct sales channels contribute the main increase, with traditional channels dominated by stability: in the first half of 2025, corporate wholesale agencies collected 49.3 billion yuan, or +2.8 per cent of the year; direct sales generated 40 billion yuan, or +18.6 per cent of the year, of which i-hut generated 10.8 billion yuan, or +5 per cent of the year.
Price pressure. Direct sales channels contribute to the main increase, with 2c of i-pots growing slightly, with more of the increase coming from power suppliers and groups of firms. Cost increases are more pronounced, with 24.6% + 24.6% + 0.4 pct + + + + + 4 pc + + + + 24.6%
The company increased advertising and market cost inputs; while administrative costs decreased by 3.7 per cent, offsetting sales.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.