Food and beverages in Maotai, Guizhou (600519), with a steady increase in income of 25h1 and a long-term high-quality development of the South-West Securities Institute
The Maotai wine has been growing steadily and successfully to achieve the "over half of the time, over half the mission." Since the low season of 1, 25q2, the dietary consumption ring has been weaker than it is in the context of tight external policies, the business landscape has been seriously damaged, the supply and demand gap has been magnified, and the price of the popular batch has dropped from around $2,200 to the current level of $1900.
In the context of a weak consumer environment, companies have accumulated extremes by adjusting the pace of delivery of their products and optimizing the channel structure, with 25h1 operating gross revenues equal to +9.2 per cent, and are steadily on track to meet year-round targets, showing strong growth resilience.
The same ratio +11.0/-6.5 per cent, with a higher number of kilograms of loadings, which led to a steady increase in double digits and a steady increase in the number of kowtows; the decline in the series of wines, mainly due to a decline in the price of 1935 mats and an overall weakening of the demand for popular price-level sauce. 4-, sub-channels, 25q2 wholesale agent channels generated revenue of $22 billion, compared with +1.5 per cent; and direct sales
The channel generated $16.8 billion, or +16.5 per cent; in addition, the 25q2 “i hut” digital marketing platform achieved a non-taxable income of $4.89 billion, or -0.3 per cent. Companies are expected to take the initiative to reduce their channel repayment requirements and ease the pressure on distributors’ cash flows.
Actively promoting the “three transformations” in pursuit of long-term high-quality development. 1. Against the backdrop of a weak external consumption environment, the two-digit growth of Mao Dai has continued with a smooth first half of the year and a half of the mission, highlighting strong growth resilience. 2. Under the pressure of the “three-phase stacking”, the company actively promoted the “three transformations”,
At the same time, companies have taken the initiative to control the speed of shipments, increase market inspections, and scrutinize low-price dumping.
Actively promote the “three transformations” of the domestic market, and keep the “buy-in” rating high after long-term development. 1. Guozhou duo (600519); 25q1 double-digit income does not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.