On August 12th, 2025, you published your semi-annual report.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn product restructuring affects Māori and net interest rates remain stable
Increased market inputs as a result of the same ratio of sales/management costs +0.4 pct/-0.5 pct to 3.58/4.05 per cent, and the increase in sales costs is mainly based on a high base for the same period in 2024, while the ability of a series of liquor dealers to return money is reduced
So, it is expected that the company will continue to give priority to maintaining good channels, with a careful push to return to the production of the kilograms, and to raise the share of the bottled wine.
The same percentage rises from 2.61 pct to 82.62 per cent. The main company with the same increase, the main company, has increased the amount of knapsacks, the speed of the second quarter, which has led to an increase in the percentage of knapsacks, and the same decline in the series of wines, which is mainly based on a higher base for the same period in 2024.
▪ The adjustment of the channel of payment led to a direct increase in the number of camps, which continued to promote internationalization. 2, " Guozhou hut (600519), 2024 +3.36 pct to 43.30%, mainly in the form of non-target products, the quota of kilogram huts is as follows:
As a result of the increase in the amount of money made available by the distributors to the self-employed and the build-up of the direct-door stores themselves, a total of $4,890 million (0.35 per cent less) was collected from the 202,0202i hut. As of home, the subregion is witnessing a rapid increase in foreign revenue collection and the process of internationalization is continuing.
During the second quarter, the company remained resilient under marketing pressure, the pressure from the channel was contained at a benign level, and the company continued to fine-tune its investment regulation, optimize its distribution structure, and achieve revenue targets throughout the year. Based on its semi-annual report for 2025, we adjusted it.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected expansion of production capacity, less rapid growth, less than expected reform process, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, eight years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
It reflects my research. I've never been, never been, nor will I be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.