In the first half of the year, we've earned a lot of \triangleright. \triangleright \triangleright.
+4.98% of the same amount. Due to the adjustment of part of the product sold by the distributor to the channel category, direct sales of hundreds of millions of yuan, a decrease of $4,486 million, we expect to be linked to the adjustment of the quota of part of the direct distribution channel, which is delayed, and given the pressure of the channel funds, we judge that the company is properly easing the demand for returns.
Of this amount, 25q2, the gross operating income of the company increased by 7.26 per cent over the same period; net profit for mothers fell in the second quarter, mainly on a high base for the same period last year. The direct sales/distribution income was $16,781 million, or $21,983 million, or +16.46 per cent/+148 per cent respectively, of which i Maotai achieved alcohol.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori rate was the same as -0.46 ptt to 91.3%, of which the Māori rate was the same as the Māori in the last half of the year.
Guizhou Maotai (600519), adapting to needs, changing, consolidating the foundations of development, is the fifth round of wine collection late last year, low base, series of wines and 30,000 tons of sauce.
In the first half of the year, corporate turnover taxes and a similar share of the revenue were set to promote development.
In the second quarter, there was a marked change in the environment for the consumption of white wine \triangleright, the price of the dumplings was pressured, and the whole box dropped close to $1900 per bottle. The company insisted on "supplies."
The strategic thrust of the revolution is to move away from consumer services, from “channel to king” to “Consumer to Sindam Stock Company”, taking advantage of the “social + self-employment” two-channel system, constantly optimizing the operating system, and actively improving the performance of the two-channel system.
In recent days, five-star brands have been marketed for the 70th anniversary.
“Limitation + One Code” stimulates consumer emotional resonance and collection enthusiasm, highlighting brand influence, which has been a breeding factor for years. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: We believe that, while short-term demand is still under pressure, there is a dissipation of gin.
The \triangleright cost attributes remain unchanged and there are no alternatives for the time being, and the firmness of the firmness of the industry is stronger when the profit margins of the channel are guaranteed, and the transformation of business thinking is expected to gradually fall and lay the foundation for long-term development.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; changing consumption environment; \triangleright \triangleright
• In-depth study of petty food trafficking (the Hulk Group, etc.) and retail discounts;
To study the opportunities for the expansion of the community-based shops (high foods, 100 orchards, etc.) and the Food Science Research Master, graduate of Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America, followed by two years of milk.
Three years of research and development in the food and beverages industry, covering dairy products (in-depth research on Ilyi shares, Montagnard milk, the Quaker Bluedo and Tianchi milk industry, etc.) and food additives (in-depth research on Angel yeast, Bronze Gardens, Kabyo, morning light organisms and bowling treasures, etc.).
Wang, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, three years of food and beverages, industry research experience, covering beer (in-depth study of Huayun beer, Qingjiang beer, Joojiang beer), beverage (in-depth study of farmers' mountain springs, Dong Peng beverages, Peon shares, entertainers), now-made drinking plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.