Kodai, Guizhou (600519.sh): Top performance.
In the town of Maotai on the river, the main camp has grown by 7.26% over the same year, and the mother's net profit is $18,555 million, or 5.25% over the same period. In the production and sale of white wine in general, the dominant product is the Kodai wine in Guizhou is our country.
It's not easy for companies to do this when the environment is weak. The nose of the big sauce and white wine, typical of it, is organic, and the marketing of the macho wine as a whole has remained stable, with the same series of wines falling slightly.
Food and national geographical markers protect the world, where the 25q2 series achieves sales revenue of $6.74 billion, a 6.5 per cent decline in the same year. The first half of this year, by increasing the amount of non-square-stamped drinking, a steady increase has been achieved. The series has been sold out of 1935.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: Slow impact, q2 drops, direct-line ratio is slightly volatile, and internationalization strategy is advancing steadily. Company q2 direct-market sales
Non-target products are exported mainly through direct channels, as a result of the higher output of non-target products during the q1 Spring Festival.i Maotai q2 achieved operating income of $4.89 billion, or 12.61%, and sales of the ring increased by 1.01 pct, i-pot. Regionally, the q2 overseas market achieved operating income of $2.89 billion, an increase of the same amount.
27.6% long, and the growth in overseas markets under the internationalization strategy continues to be high. The judgement is related to the overall adjustment of the flow of alcohol. 25q2 sales cost 4.45%, compared to the increase, plus 0.45 pct, which is mainly due to the increased investment in the chain of wine markets; and 4.48% management costs.
It's a big blow to the high-end wine of this round, but the company, as a leader in the white wine industry, is trying to maintain the integrity of the pipeline stock, maintaining price stability, showing the ability and ability of the leading firm to move through the cycle.
In terms of performance in the first half of the year, the company is trying to complete its income plan and complete its objectives throughout the year. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we look forward to the growing concentration of leading wine companies in the high-end liquor market.
Trends and capabilities, where companies are projected to achieve a 9 per cent increase in sales revenue in 2025, a 25-fold target valuation and a “strongly recommended” rating, characterized by a comparable net profit in comparison with historical valuations and long-term performance stability.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the leadership is strong and year-round targets are ready, and the East is a source of financial prosperity and prosperity.
The source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East.
Menssoe Wang Jie Ting explains his research. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.