Larger shares (600160.sh) show a 115 per cent growth and re-innovation rate, looking at the refrigerant landscape and the outlook for the fluorine market.
Basic Chemical & Chemical Products Inc. publishes the Annual Report 2022: In 2022, the production and sale of the company's main products continued to grow steadily and its performance increased considerably. The company achieved about $21,489 million in operating income.
For the first time, the company's operating income broke through the $20 billion platform, and its performance was once again high. Over the last two years, the company has responded positively to the epidemic, rising energy and raw materials prices, increased competition in the market, and seasonal security.
The company, as a fluorinated giant, with significant costs and matching advantages and a healthy financial structure, will be driven by a combination of “refrigerant + liquid + fluorine + fluoropolymer + fluorine” and we look forward to the company’s long-term growth.
The benefits of industrial chain integration are significant, benefiting from the continued release of the main business and from the same increase in product prices.In 2022, the prices of basic chemical products, food packaging materials, fluoropolymer materials, refrigerants were 2751, 14653, 6653, 20657 ton, respectively, increased by the same amount.
The Māori ratio of basic chemical products and others, fluoropolymer materials, food packaging materials, refrigerants, and fluorinated raw materials industries was 35.9%, 18.9%, 14.7%, 14.3% and 11.6% respectively at cost.
On the other hand, the company’s careful organization of production and operation, the extraction of efficiency gains, energy savings, opportunity purchases, and better control of the adverse effects of excessive price increases for raw materials, leading to a sharp rise in operating costs. As the competitive patterns of industry tend to be concentrated, we see that three generations of refrigerants are expected to recover.
The fluorinated fluids sector has a promising future by actively promoting the industrialization of the data centre with cooling fluid products. In addition to the build-up of the lithium booster project, the company has successfully developed a high-performance, large-scale data centre.
Megashares (600160.sh) - High performance growth of 557% in the last three quarters, good industry, high core cooling fluid for equipment, currently planning production of 5,000 tonnes/year for impregnated cooling fluids project, and megashares (600160.sh) - large fluorine industries with significant growth in performance and operational efficiency
One of the 1,000 tonnes/year projects is now operational. We see that the future company will continue to grow significantly through mega-stocking (600160.sh) – a backlash that builds up fluorinated workers, produces energy for dives, energy savings, drops, structural optimization, etc., and further expands fluoropolymers, fluorine, and so on.
Large shares - performance forecast 600160-2021: high-value fluorinated industrial products such as fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids and high-value-added production and high-quality development. Investment proposal: maintain profit forecasting and buy-in ratings.
At the end of the cycle, the performance of the industry will continue to grow significantly and innovate. On the evening of April 20, 20, 2023, the company published its annual report 2022: The company achieved a decline in the business performance ring ratio for the entire year 2022. Overall, in the last two years, the company has been active in dealing with the epidemic, energy and the former.
The adverse effects of rising material prices, increased competition in markets, and increased pressure on seasonally safe production are taking full advantage of the company’s own industrial chain integration. In 2022, production and sales of the company’s main products grew steadily, business incomes increased significantly, and performances throughout the year were consistent with our previous expectations.
Throughout 2022, the company achieved a significant increase in the sale of food packaging materials, refrigerants, etc. in reverse, and in the three-year baseline year of the hfcs quota it actively expanded its market share and firmly established its industrial leader; at the same time, the company has a well-developed chlorinated products production support system with greater risk resistance, taking full advantage of the benefits of industrial chain integration,
Effectively controlling costs; in addition, companies actively expand the capacity of high-value-added products such as fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fluids (perfluoropolyethers, hydrofluoroethers, etc.): in 2022, companies maintained the strength and intensity of innovative R & D and fixed asset inputs, completed R & D investments of 824 million yuan, invested fixed assets of 3,381 million yuan and continuously advanced the high end of the industrial chain
In terms of business, we see that companies are expected to take full advantage of and benefit from the opportunities created by changes in industry patterns, focusing on high-quality development, around “greening development, digital reform, new mega-starting” as a whole.
Demanding a world-class fluorinated brand with first-class products. At this point, we see that the fluorinated industry is ready to be configured and that companies, as industry leaders, will lead the cycle in reverse; and that high-value-added products such as fluorinated fluids, fluorinated polymers, etc. will invigorate companies in the long run.
According to the company ' s Bulletin of Main Business Data, 2022: raw materials: there has been a marked increase in some of the company ' s raw materials. Among them: industrial salt, benzene, smoke-free coal, sulphur prices: basic chemical products, food packaging materials, fluoropolymer materials, refrigerant sales.
The level of sales is running, leading to a sustained increase in product production and sales and operating income; in terms of volume: throughout 2022, the company hfcs, overall refrigerants, food packaging materials, fluorinated polymers. It is worth noting that external sales are lower than production, mainly because some of the products are used as raw materials for downstream products.
In addition, it is worth mentioning that the company’s refrigerant product sales have continued to grow at a very high level in the previous year, ensuring that the company’s leading position in the HFC market is sustained. From an operational point of view, the company has achieved products such as hfcs, fluorine polymers, petrochemicals, etc. against a background of poor cyclical climate.
In the context of the bottom of the fluorine cycle, companies continue to expand production and operate steadily in reverse through capacity-digging, energy-saving emission reductions, precipitation, structural optimization, and so on. Māori structure ratio: basic chemical products and other, fluoropolymeric materials, food packaging, etc., throughout 2022
The Māori share of industrial raw materials operations increased significantly in the same year as in 2021: throughout 2022, the Māori rate for F-gases, maintenance and engineering project management, food packaging materials, fluorinated fine chemicals, basic chemical products and other fluoropolymers amounted to 55.5%,
Refrigerants: 3-generation refrigerant climate pressure from 2020 to 2022, industry climate will gradually rise; 3-generation refrigerant price trends over the last three years: 2020, influenced by the impact of the new crown pneumonia, the Kigali amendment-induced quota competition, 3-generation refrigerant market continued its weakness at the end of 2019, with prices per product
The raw hydrofluoric acid (HFA) recovered from the onset of the outbreak and rebounded after reaching its lowest year in May 2020. R32 excess capacity continued, prices were limited, and prices of r134a reached a new low in recent years. Downstream air conditioning, automobile sales in 2020 dropped twice. In the first half of 2021, after prices of r32 fell.
The remaining refrigerant prices remained unattended under the cost line, with a decline of about 4.0 per cent for r22 as at 30 June 2021 compared to the beginning of the year and an increase of about 17.6 per cent for r410a at the beginning of the year. In August 2021, prices for raw materials such as hydrofluoric acid, methane chloride, ethane chloride, etc., continued to rise, and both energy consumption controls and power restrictions led to the start of refrigerants.
The price of refrigerants rebounded markedly in the context of demand-side refrigerants entering the traditional reserve season, and the price increase continued until early November 2021. Since November 2021, refrigerant prices have generally returned in the context of the gradual release of feedstock end supply.
In terms of refrigerant price performance in 20204, BFW data, (1) for second generation refrigerants, R22 in July 2022 has entered the upward route, prices have now risen significantly, prices have remained high, and the mainstream market in China and East is now at $18,000-18500 per ton; overall, the second generation refrigerant/bubble agent aggregate
The level of profitability is relatively good. (2) With regard to three generations of refrigerants, 2204, the refrigerant r134a market is operating in a weak position, and the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol is now officially in force for China. By 2045, China will have reduced HFC use by 80% from the 2020-2022 baseline. This means that China will have reduced HFC use by 80% by 2045.
The country will regulate the production and consumption of hfcs (HFCs), including a 2024 freeze on the production and consumption of hfcs. The 2020-2022 demand side is hit repeatedly by the epidemic, with downstream vehicle/air-conditioning/house-power demand tables for refrigerants.
Three generations of refrigerant prices will continue to rise and profits will be repaired. It is also a matter of concern that applications such as the fourth generation of refrigerant r1234yf and r1234ze are in the early stages, that the giant stock company has now achieved the technology for processing or storage in the future, and that the fourth generation of refrigerants will be third in terms of its superior performance and environmental performance.
Green alternatives for the replacement of hfc refrigerants. Figure 9: Price-to-price track for r32. Figure 8: Price-to-price track for r22
Figure 10: Price and price differential tracking r134a Figure 13: Price and price differential tracking r142b Figure 12: Price and price differential tracking r143a
In view of the promising market for fluorinated liquids, the huge shares of fluorinated liquid products have entered the industrial implementation phase of the aigc and chhatgpt arithmetic liquid cold server into the start-up phase, the semiconductor fluorinated liquid detergent process of national production. In the case of fluorinated liquid cold, the current liquid cooling technology is mainly applied to high performance calculations and is widely used in data centres, data centres and data centres.
Edge computing, artificial intelligence technology, etc. With cloud computing, the innovation of big data, especially artificial intelligence technology, taking on a large number of data computing and storage data centres, needs to be more efficient to meet business development needs. Intel's fourth-generation server, single cpu, has passed 350 watts in 2022.
The gpu chip is running out of 700 watts, and the i cluster is generally 50 kw/ cabinet density. According to our calculations, 40 kw/ cabinet counters require about 500l fluorinated liquids. According to Sadie's consultants, by 2025, the IRC market would be 12.32 billion yuan, of which 52.61 billion dollars would be immersed.
The time when a liquid cold server can enter a scale application is measured to be 2026-2027. In terms of performance, the fluorine cooling liquid is the cooling fluid that is now more suitable for use in the data centre ' s liquid cooling system. The accelerated expansion of the leachate cold data centre is expected to lead to a synchronized demand for cooling fluids (especially fluorinated fluids).
For semiconductor scrubbers, fluorinated fluids can be used as granular impurities for various fine components, such as semiconductors, lcd monitors, optical parts, etc., to effectively remove fluorine residues. As key supply chain raw materials for crystal surface temperature control in the process, there is wide scope for long-term national production replacement of fluorinated fluids.
Overall, the demand increase and penetration of “green computing” technologies, such as fluorinated liquid cooling, is expected to increase over the long term; as a key supply chain feedstock for crystal-crystal surface-controlled temperature in semiconductor etching processes, there is a wide range of national production-substitution space for electrofluoride in the medium and long term; and to add up to the 3m plan to phase out the pfas operation in 2025.
The rapid growth of our fluorinated industry is expected to continue with the deepening of high-performance, high-value-added fluorinated products and other applications in the coming years. Currently, according to company announcements, mega-stock companies have successfully developed high-performance large-data centre equipment.
The core cooling fluid fills the gap in the country's high-performance data centre dedicated to cooling fluids, the main performance indicators and the ton/year project are now operational, and the second phase of 4,000 tons of capacity has not yet started to be built. We see that future companies will continue to expand fluoropolymers, fluorine, and so on through energy drilling, energy-saving reduction, reduction, structural optimization, and so on.
High-value-added fluorinated products such as fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids, high-quality development, development of fluorinated polymers and other fluorinated chemicals, high-end extension of industrial chains.
So far, the company is the only one in the country with a series of one- to four-generation fluorinated refrigerants, which is the largest in the world; in the last three years, the company has made technological breakthroughs in fluorinated polymers, which have increased in quantity and quality, and the product structure has increased significantly. Currently, mega-stocks are Hfp, ptfe, faep, fkm.
In the last three years, the company’s fluoropolymers have made new technological breakthroughs and kept growing fast. In the last two years, pvdf and its raw material r142b have been supplied, driven by rapid demand for downstream lithium, photovoltaic, etc.
Very tense, with prices rising markedly; and with the remarkable expansion of the production capacity of companies at pvdf across the country, prices at pvdf fell in March 2022, and the price at pvdf is still in the price-down route, but lithium-grade products are still profitable. The company already has 10,000 tonnes/year of paint + photovolt + lithium level at pvdf (new).
With an additional 6,500 tons of capacity in operation at 2203 and an expansion in active layout pvdf, with 23,500 tons of capacity under construction, the installation of equipment for the current project is almost complete, of which the company already has 10,000 tons of pvdf units with the capacity to produce lithium electric pvdf resin, which is currently produced.
The variety of items includes coating levels, solar backclothing, water treatment membrane, wire cable, lithium battery glue pvdf resins, etc. In the planning of the pvdf project, as of the end of March 2023, the company-built 30kt/apvdf technical extension project (a new 23.5kt/apvdf) was in the final stages of the project, in which milk concentrates were in progress.
Investment proposal: maintain a “buy-in” rating. The company, as the leader of the fluorinated industry, has a strong industrial chain layout, cost and mix, and a healthy financial structure.
Prices and price differentials are in the bottom zone, and quota management is about to fall at the legislative level, and as structural changes on the supply side deepen and the competitive patterns of the industry converge, we see a turning point for three generations of refrigerants. Companies continue to expand in reverse, and we see that after 2022 they will be in three generations of refrigerants.
The market share is expected to reach more than 30% and will lead a cyclical reversal as industry leader. According to the fluorine, fine chemicals, and fluorinated materials industries, with our people's living standards improving and strategic new industries developing rapidly, fluorinated products are growing in terms of their unique properties, applications and market space, and demand each year.
It is growing steadily. In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, it is constantly increasing the development of advanced fluorinated chemical materials, high-end extension of the industrial chain, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, continued industrial structure, product structure excellence, core competitiveness, and increasing competitiveness.
At this point, we look forward to the timing of the configuration of the fluorinated industry flagships. Given that the pvdf industry has suffered a decline in chain climates and that the cooler temperature is going to take a certain amount of process, our authors have assured us that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author