The company doubled its performance throughout the year, with three generations of refrigerants gradually entering the boom cycle Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 20 April, with megashares issuing the annual 2022 report.
Operating income of $21,489 million, or 19.48 per cent more than the previous year; net return to the mother of $2,381 million; total operating income to the company of $21,489 million in 2022, or 19.5 per cent more than the previous year; net return of $2,381 million, or 114.7 per cent more than the same year, owing mainly to sales of company-owned products
Average sales price of $11852.2 per tonne; 912,000 tonnes of F-industrial raw material achieved, matching growth in quota landing supply and demand patterns restored, three generations of refrigerants about to enter the boom period, three generations of refrigerant prices at the bottom of the zone, and refrigerant supply and demand patterns will begin to be repaired after quotas have landed
Moreover, the end of the base year of quotas means that the “negative profit” has come to the end of the market, and three generations of refrigerant prices are expected to warm. Supply and demand structural repairs and warming are expected, and future refrigerant industry events are expected to turn around.
Point, into a continuously rising climate cycle. The company's 3-generation refrigerant production capacity of 480.7 million tons is at the top of the world, with 3-generation refrigerant sales at the top of the industry in the last three years.
Between 30 and 38 per cent, at the top of the industry, three generations of refrigerant prices are expected to benefit fully from the early reduction of the second generation refrigerant quota, and three generations of refrigerants are expected to benefit from the accelerated intergenerational replacement.
The accelerated reduction of the second-generation refrigerant quota, on the one hand, has contributed to a rapid price increase, according to 100 per cent.
On April 21, 2023, the average market price for refrigerant r22 was $20,000, 3. The refrigerant climate cycle will come and the fluorine pipeline is expected to benefit from the growth in performance caused by the increase in the price of r22.
High-value-added fluorinated products are on the rise. The company’s long-term growth space is vast, and the fluorinated industry structure continues to expand continuously, with high-end fluorinated products. Twenty-three million tons of pvdf capacity has now been installed and gradually contributed to its performance in 2023.
There is a clear advantage in having a high-end ptfe experience pool and supporting the production of pvdf and ptfe raw materials. In the field of fluorine fluids, the current company holding company, Zhejiang, has a limited amount of new fluorinated high-tech materials, and the company plans to invest $510 million to plan the construction of a 5,000t/a leachate coolant project, current phase
The 1000t/a impregnated cooling fluid device has been completed and is operational, breaking through the “crystal” dilemma of new materials for perfluoropolyethers in the country. In addition, the company is also promoting projects such as vdf, faep, and is expected to support the company's long-term development as the company's project capacity is released.
We firmly see the incremental performance of three generations of refrigerant prices warming and the cost advantages of mega-chlorinated chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs). At the same time, the company has new fluorinated materials, a high-value-added-up Māori ratio (1), and the three-generation refrigerant quota allocation is not ideal:
(ii) Lower demand than expected; (iii) new production capacity is not as fast as expected: (4) 4 generation refrigerant replacements are faster:
On 20 April, mega-stocks published their annual report for 2022. According to the announcement, in 2022, companies achieved operating income of $21,489 million, an increase of 19.48 per cent over the same period; Māori, 2,755 million, an increase of 147.31 per cent over the same period;
4.93 percentage points; overall net interest rate of 11.15 per cent, an increase of 5.16 percentage points over the previous year; sales, management and financial cost rates of 0.73 per cent, 3.37 per cent and -0.50 per cent, respectively, with significant financial cost controls; net cash flows of $3.317 billion, an increase of 166 per cent over the same period; and acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets, long-term capital
The project cost rate was 0.91 per cent, of which the sales cost rate was 0.4 per cent, the management cost rate was 0.7 per cent, the financial cost rate was -0.19 per cent, the three cost controls were better and the R & D cost rate was 5.1 per cent, no significant change over the same period; the net operating cash flow was 898 million yuan, a 79 per cent increase over the same period, a 25 per cent decline in the ring ratio; and the acquisition of fixed assets, intangibles
Figure 1 Biannual changes in corporate revenue (millions of dollars) Figure 4 Quarterly changes in corporate Maori (billions) Figure 3 Māori semi-annual changes (billions)
Figure 5 Biannual changes in net profits attributable to the parent (millions of yuan) Figure 6 Quarterly changes in net profits attributable to the parent (billions) Figure 7 Māori rates and net interest rates of the company
Figure 8 Quarterly changes in Māori rates and net interest rates, Figure 10 Quarterly changes in three costs, Figure 9 Quarterly changes in three costs
Figure 13 Biannual changes in the purchase of fixed assets, intangibles, long-term asset payments, fixed asset purchases, intangibles, cash payments for long-term assets (in billions of dollars)
Figure 15 Net current-to-biannual changes in corporate inventory turnover days Biannual changes in corporate inventory days in chart 17 (days) Quarterly changes in corporate inventory turnover days in chart 18 (days)
Two of the three major plates have a significant profitability, and sales have increased exponentially by 2.1 refrigerant plates: volume sales have increased by the same time, three generations of refrigerants are on the rise. Giant shares are domestic refrigerant champions, and both production and output are industry leaders.
A company with a one- to four-generation series of fluorine refrigerants, currently with a total capacity of 599,000 tons, is the world’s top priority. Three generations of refrigerant products, such as r32, r134a, r125, have a large capacity of 48070,000 tons and are at the top of the world’s poles; of these, r32 tons, with a capacity of 130,000 tons, are among the top in the industry.
The company is now in the lead in operating two four-generation cold-agent hfos production units, with hfos varieties and sizes. The company can offer a full range of service packages and diversified products for refrigerant customers, and marketing strategies are excellent.
Billion dollars, a 13% decline over the same period. Compared to the same period last year, the company ' s refrigerant block operations grew considerably this year, and profit levels declined, mainly at the cost end. The company ' s refrigerant block sales amounted to 575,000 tons throughout the year. In terms of prices, the price differential price of second-generation refrigerants improved during the periods 22q4 and 23q1, with three generations of refrigerants.
R22 at an average price of 17960 yuan per ton, ring/tonne, with a slight decline of 0.8 per cent; r125 at a lower average price of 33911 yuan per ton for 22q4, with a slight drop in the ring. R22 at the bottom, refrigerant supply and demand patterns will begin to be repaired after quotas have fallen, and supply and demand gaps will continue to increase.
In addition, the end of the quota baseline year means that the market is closed with “negative profits” and three generation refrigerant prices are expected to warm. In terms of costs, the largest share of the cost of refrigerant plates in 2022 was still raw materials, at 91.27 per cent, followed by the second.
For manufacturing and transportation costs and other performance, 5.118 per cent and 2.37 per cent, respectively. Compared to the same period last year, direct materials grew by 2.79 percentage points, mainly due to higher prices for raw materials at the end of the chain of the refrigerant industry.
Figure 23 Quarterly price differentials for refrigerant plate products ($/tons) Figure 242021 Cost splits for company refrigerant plate splits for company refrigerant block splits for 252022
2.2 Fluorinated materials plate: four-quarterly surge in sales, double Māori equals ratio Fluorinated industrial raw material is a mega-equity fluorinated industry upstream product, including non-hydrofluorocarbon and products such as dichloromethane, trichloromethane, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, which is a basic chemical feedstock product, ensuring, inter alia, downstream refrigerants and containing them
Stability and control at cost ends such as fluorine polymers. In 2022, the F-fuel plate generated $859 million, a decrease of 0.81 per cent in the same year; the gross profit was $477 million, an increase of 133.82 per cent in the same year.
The profit level has increased considerably. The annual sales of the company ' s F-fuel plates were 912,000 tons, an increase of 267.74 per cent in the same year; of these, q4 tons, 708,000 tons in the single quarter, an increase of 1509.10 per cent in the same year, an increase of 926.09 per cent in the ring. The annual production of F-fuels was 907,000 tons, an increase of 12.25 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the cost of fluorinated feedstock plates remained the largest in 2022, at 54.88 per cent, of the same-year cost of hydrofluoric acid, dichloromethane, trichloromethane, trichloroethylene and tetrachloroethylene.
Second, the share of raw materials decreased by 16.68 per cent compared to the same period last year, mainly because of the effective control of raw materials as a result of the increasing integration of the industrial chain.
Figure 322022 Cost break-up of the company ' s fluorinated raw materials plate, Figure 312021 Cost break-down of the company ' s fluorinated raw materials plate, 2.3 fluorinated polymer plate: the volume of the product rises and future developments are achievable
Fluorinated polymers are mainly fluorinated rubbers and fluorinated resins: they rely on the company ' s complete fluorinated industrial chain, pre-fluorinated polymer materials are in the lead nationally, product lines are increasing, new applications are expanding, fast growth is maintained and there is a gradual extension to medium- and high-end product markets.
774 million yuan, an increase of 65.74% over the same period last year. The company’s fluorinated polymer block industry has improved significantly this year compared to the same period, mainly because of higher average prices and sales. Corporate fluorinated polymer plate sales for the year were 114,000 tons, an increase of 216.67% compared to the same period; of this, q4 was 87,000 tons per quarter, an increase of the same year.
The price of the main products of the fluorinated polymer plate as a whole remained high in 2022, with battery grade pvdf showing an improvement. In the second half of 2022, the price of ptfe resins was $57530 per ton, a decline of 9.3 per cent in the same year and a decline of 3 per cent in the ring; the average price of the trivalent rubber of fluorine rubber was 162580 yuan per ton per year, a decrease of 4.8 per cent in the ring and a decrease of 21.2 per cent in the ring; and the battery level pvdf in the second half of 2022.
For the first half of the year, the average price was 460,000 yuan per ton, for the second half of the year, an increase of 211.5 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 1.5 per cent in the same year. In terms of cost, the largest share of the cost of fluorinated polymer plates in 2022 was still raw materials, at 76.13 per cent, followed by manufacturing costs and direct labour, at 14.12 per cent and 6.62 per cent, respectively.
Figure 33 fluorinated polymers semi-annual collections (millions) and the same-yearly Māori fluorinated polymers (billions) and the same-year data on the operations of the 35 fluorinated polymer plates of Figure 34
Figure 36 Semi-annual price differentials for fluoropolymer plate products Figure 382021 Cost splits for fluoropolymer plates Figure 392022 Cost splits for fluoropolymer plates
3.1 Refrigerant plate: layout of a massive core cooling fluid, deep into high-end markets and a corporate forward-looking strategic vision
Second-generation refrigerant quotas were reduced earlier, and prices increased significantly for r22. Under the Montreal Protocol, I kept the second-generation refrigerant quotas unchanged between 2020 and 2025; however, in December 2022, the Ministry of Eco-Environment released the Circular on the Issuance of Quotas for the Production and Use of Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer in 2023, which reduced by two.
The three-generation refrigerant quota baseline year ends, with price differentials gradually rising. The quota baseline year ends, “negative profit” captures the market gradually disappears, and three-generation refrigerant prices are expected to warm.
The company's three-generation refrigerant production capacity of 480.7 million tons is at the top of the world, with three-generation refrigerant sales in the first place in the industry in the last three years, and we estimate that if the share share share in the future, calculated on the basis of the carbon dioxide equivalent of the refrigerant gwp, is in the range of 30 to 38 per cent, it is in the top of the industry, and it is expected to benefit fully from the three-generation system in the future.
Increases in performance due to rising cold agent prices: Perfluoropolyethers have excellent heat resistance, low temperature performance, resistance to oxidation, chemical stability (extremely strong acid, alkaline, liquid oxygen, etc.) and lubricity, which have a wide range of applications, particularly in some high temperatures and corrosives
Perfluoropolyethers are often the only option in a harsh environment. Perfluoropolyethers are currently the only lubricant with a temperature range of -100°C~400°C and are widely used in high-end technical requirements such as nuclear industry and aerospace.
The project products are mainly products such as the jht flow system column, the jhlo lubricant series and the jx leachate cooling fluid.
Excellent electrical insulation, non-corrosion, low volatilization, good thermal stability, etc., widely applied in semiconductors, data centres, electronics, machinery, nuclear industry, aerospace, etc. 3.2 Fluorinated industrial material plates: increased production of non-hydrofluorocarbons, increased self-sufficiency of raw materials, etc.
Step-by-step cost control Hydrofluorocarbons without hydrofluoride (HFC) as an important chemical feedstock is widely used in the manufacture of fluorinated refrigerants, organic fluorinated compounds (CFCs), elemental fluorine, and dehydrating agents and catalysts.
The metallurgical industry is used to extract rare elements. The atomic energy industry is used to manufacture uranium hexafluoride, rocket fuel, and additives. It is also used to manufacture fluorinated medicines, fluorinated pesticides, fluorine intermediates, etc.
The mega-stocks currently have a multi-fluorochemical production unit that consumes a large amount of alf, and the future demand for alf will grow further, and the shortage of supply of alf has gradually been completed as a month to limit the fluorinated chemicals of the mega-stock, when the company's aahf self-sufficiency rate has increased further to provide a solid foundation for the fluorinated industrial chain.
3.3 Fluorinated polymer plates: pvdf accelerated production, lithium battery-grade production re-emerging in order to take full advantage of the company's vdchcc-142bvdfpvdf industrial chain, supporting the development of the public-sector pvdf ( polyfluoroethylene ethylene) industry and adapting to the rapid development of the current domestic energy and new materials industry
There is a need to further increase market access for company pvdf products, consolidate and enhance global competitiveness, improve economic efficiency, mega-equity investment in industrial upgrading, long chains, strong chains, and re-linking, and advance the development of the pvdf project 48kt/avdf technological expansion project by the end of 2021, which uses the vdc fluid catalytic fluorine phase.
Production of hcfc-142b, thermal fission dechlorination of hydrogen vdf, with a new 48kt/avdf single body size, with an additional 80kt/ahcfc-142b, combined production of 10kt/ahfc-143a, 32.5kt/a with hydrohydroxyfluoric acid, 93kt/a hydrochloric acid (31%), 37.49kt/a chlorinated hydrogen product, which is currently in an orderly process.
The company ' s currently planned pvdf capacity is 40 kt/apvdf, of which: 10kt/apvdf has been completed, 30 kt/apvdf technical extension project (23.5kt/apvdf in phase I) is in project Pvdf at the end of the project construction 10kt/a, 2.5kt/a is in liquid polymers and the remaining 7.5kt/a is in suspended polymers
Process; in project pvdf of 23.5kt/a, suspended polymerization method 17.5kt/a, emulsion polymer method 6kt/a. Figure 44pvdf price and price differential (millions/ton) 3.4 base chemical plate: electrochemical plant layout 400,000 tonnes/year sodium hypochlorite, stable set
Sodium hypochlorite sodium per annum energy enhancement project in Zhejiang Giant Co. Ltd. is limited to the company's Electrification Plant.
Ten thousand square metres, the largest chlor-alkali industry in Zhejiang province, which produces mainly basic chemical raw materials, has seven chemical production workshops, the main products of which are more than 10 major products such as f141b, industrial hydrogen, and pvdf resins. The products are distributed widely throughout the country and in countries and regions such as Eastern Europe and South-East Asia.
The mini-sodium device at the megaelectric plant has become the main chlorine-depletion device and now forms 30,000 tonnes/year water treatment sub-sodium chlorate, 10,000 tonnes/year sodium hypochlorite disinfection fluid, 60,000 tonnes/year sodium hypochlorite production capacity.
In the case of liberalization and regularization, electrochemical plants actively organize the production of 84 disinfectants: 84 disinfectants are chlorinated with sodium chlorate as the main ingredient, which can oxidize the virus nucleic acid substances and thereby kill the virus, are widely used in hotels, hospitals, food processing industries, homes, etc.
The electrical plant plans to add 300,000 tonnes/year of secondary sodium sodium, which, when implemented, will create a capacity of 400,000 tonnes/year of sodium hypochlorite. As the production capacity of subsodium products increases, sodium-based chlorine gas and filament use increases.
Ten thousand tonnes/year ion membrane filamentary alkali units, 4075.6 million tonnes/year of chlorine production, supplied mainly with massive methane chlorinators, vdc, tce, hydrochloric acid, sodium hypochlorite, high pure acid, etc., with an annual shortfall of more than 100,000 tonnes, produced daily liquid chlorine through out-sourcing, adjusted the load of the installations to maintain the balance of liquid chlorine requirements within the company.
The production of approximately 27,000 tonnes/year of chlorine gas is proposed to upgrade the low electron ncsz tanks and ancillary facilities of the first phase of the membrane in order to continue the supply of raw materials for the sub-sortium continuous production process.
We have a firm view of the performance gains associated with three generations of refrigerant price warming and the cost advantages associated with mega-chlorinated chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs). At the same time, the company has new fluorinated materials, and a high-value-added-up company has a Maori-rate hub.
(ii) Lower-than-expected downstream demand; (iii) lower-than-expected start-up of new production capacity; and (iv) faster replacement of four generations of refrigerant:
(v) Macro-policy risks. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. Data and information used in the present report come from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.