Trade shares (605117.sh) High demand in emerging markets and higher-than-expected growth in q2 performance
\triangleright Asian and African markets have had a leading advantage, leading to higher profits of q2. Market access demand continued to improve in Brazil, India, Germany, etc. in the first half of 2024, and demand for emerging market households erupted in South-East Asia and the Middle East.
Market data: In July 4, 2024, China ' s exports to the four above-mentioned countries were the same as +84.5 per cent, +251.9 per cent, +105.4 per cent and the highest/lowest in the year:
The company ' s high q2 performance ratio was largely due to: in the case of inverters, the company ' s market value (billions) in emerging circulation shares, such as Asia and Africa: the market had a leading edge and strong momentum; and the European market also expanded rapidly and market share continued.
In addition, the deep integration of the battery-pack operation with the energy-reverse product has continued to grow in size; the company's home power industry, which is dominated by its own brand dehumidifier, has also shown a sharp increase in revenue profits from the same year; and the national launch of the multiplicity of products at the Snec exhibition in 2024: the company has “de-locks new heights and expands new edges” by “de-locking new heights”.
With regard to storage, the company has introduced products with higher rated power, including new three-phase low pressure and three-phase high pressure storage reversible. On the microreverse, the company has introduced a new generation of g5 microreverses, a wider range of power factor adjustments, and a wider combination.
Incompetence, etc., is more adaptive to business scenes; and it has been developed specifically for balcony scenes, integrating storage microreverse products for storage functions. In addition, the company has developed a number of newly developed storage battery packages.
Given the continued increase in the company's storage capacity inverters, cluster inverters and micro-reversible exits, it is expected that the company's demand, both at home and abroad, will fall short of expectations: if downstream demand is weak, the sale of company products will be affected.
\triangleright Trade Policy Risk: Emerging market demand in Asia, Africa and other emerging markets has a greater impact on the demand for company products, if trade
\triangleright Easy Policy Changes may affect the company’s performance. New products are not developed as expected: companies have the leading product power, but if new products are not developed as expected
The \triangleright period may affect the demand for the company’s products.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not, for no reason, nor will it be recommended specifically in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.