German shares published semi-annual reports for 2024: zhanghan3 @cfsc.com.cn
Iuodx@cfsc.com.cn has a few more flowers in the inverter emerging market and a significant increase in the storage energy battery package.
A total of 711,700 shipments, representing an increase of 8 per cent over the same period, were delivered mainly to Pakistan, Germany, Brazil, India and South Africa, with 21.41/24.27/2549 million in storage/micro-reversers/combined inverters, respectively.
Emerging markets, represented by the Philippines and Myanmar, have become more rigid because of severe power shortages, and companies have benefited from the different pre-emerging layouts in emerging markets, with sudden delivery and relays from Euro-American and South African markets. At the same time, the 2024h1 company has a reversible storage capacity.
The revenue from the 2024h1 company ' s battery bag operation was $765 million, an increase of 74.82 per cent over the same period. As the demand for energy products continues to rise globally, the company ' s battery bag operation is deeply integrated with the reverse-change sales channel, and sales are growing rapidly.
The business of home and electricity has grown steadily, and the reputation of brands has been consolidated.
16.73 per cent generated $454 million, an increase of 31.98 per cent in the same year, mainly due to high temperature and humid weather, the rewinding of demand in the air-conditioning market, the same increase in sales of heat exchangers, and an increase in demand for wetter products.
The product maintains its first performance in the sale of single items on online shopping platforms like Kyoto, Skycat, and continues to add up the rhetorical and brand influence, with revenue profits increasing on a par. The field, especially in emerging markets, has a significant pre-eminence, covering for the first time, giving "buy."
Global light storage demand is less than expected, industry competition is more risky, raw material price volatility risks, overseas operating risks and exchange gains and losses risks, large-scale systemic wind: Master of Financial Engineering, cfa, frm bearers. Shanghai Transport University, Financial Master ' s Department, 4 years of finance
Industry research experience, covering photovoltaic and storage energy, Rodito: Master ' s degree in energy and power engineering and finance from the European School of Higher Business, Xian Transport University, in the direction of new energy sources.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index is described as follows: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); a Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.