German shares (605117.sh) Emerging market demand release, q2 performance negative growth forecast, within expectations. Benefiting from emerging market demand release, inverter
In the context of the same decline in industrial exports, corporate q2 performance grew inversely, and corporate q2 achieved.
2024.8.11 The variable sales revenue of $2.32 billion, a 26.1 per cent decline in the same year, is largely affected by the restructuring of the product and the decline in the volume of higher-value-added reversible products.
In the first half of the year, 214,000 reversibles were delivered, a decline of 28.6 per cent in the same year, 243,000 microreverters, an increase of 1.1 per cent in the same year, and 255,000 collusive inverters, an increase of 111.2 per cent in the same year.
For the first time since this year, reversible exports have been reversed, the impact of the high base decreased in 2023, and it is expected to grow faster in the second half of the year than in the second half. Battery operations have grown at a high rate, with a marked increase in the measured storage rate: companies stored energy batteries in the first half of the year.
The package generated revenues of $765 million, an increase of 74.82 per cent over the same period. Even without taking into account the decline in battery prices since the beginning of the year, the first half of the year, based on a unit price estimate, is about the same amount as the company ' s battery packs and reverses sales channels, which are expected to benefit fully.
The traditional household electricity business is slightly over-expected: the company's heat exchange generated $1.06 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 16.7 per cent over the same year, mainly due to extreme weather-induced heat, air conditioning markets.
Demand echoes, heat exchanger sales are also increasing. Wetter operations generated $454 million, an increase of 32.0 per cent in the same year, and were affected by high temperatures and humidity caused by El Niño in the first half of the year, which led to an increase in demand for the products of the dehumidifiers, which kept the company on the line like Kyoutung and Skycat.
First achievement in the sale of single items on the shopping platform. Working days of receivables slowed slightly in the first half of the year: at the end of the reporting period, the balance of corporate receivables was approximately $1.08 billion, an increase of about $520 million compared to the beginning of the year, and corporate receivables in the first half of the year.
With a turnover of about 31 days, an increase of about 9 days over the same period, we judge that this is mainly affected by the rise in the share of emerging markets and a slight increase in competition.
Emerging markets with less demand than expected; increased market competition; and international trade risks.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market