The performance of the German sector was significantly restored in the second quarter, with demand from emerging markets recovering significantly, and the plates achieving a better growth stance.
The reverse-changer output increased, and the light-voltage market demand warmed: 2,322h1 company reverse-changer business earned 2,322 million yuan, a decrease of 26.06 per cent in the same year; the reverse-changer output reached 7,117,000, a rise of 7.77 per cent in the same year.
The product structure influences the sales of high-value storage reversible products of 2024h1, while the sales of microreverse and group inverters have increased on an equal basis. In the first half of the year, they were affected by destocking, and in South Africa, the sales of field-reverters have declined on an equal basis: they are represented by Pakistan, India, the Philippines, and Myanmar.
In emerging markets, power shortages, high electricity prices, policy pushers, component and battery price reductions have led to a rise in relay-driven reversibility. At the same time, the company’s storage reversible Māori ratio has increased significantly the revenue of the battery block: 2024h1 company’s storage battery block has generated revenue.
$765 million, an increase of 74.82%. With the continued rise in demand for household storage energy products worldwide, the Division’s deep integration of the distribution channels for energy storage batteries and main industry reversors has been growing rapidly, and the household power industry has steadily increased its operations and its revenues have been growing consistently: 2024h1, the heat exchanger.
The operational block achieved business income of $1.056 billion, an increase of 16.73 per cent, and the dehumidifier product of $454 million, an increase of 31.98 per cent. We believe that the above-mentioned growth has largely benefited from the high temperature and humidity effects of h1 extreme weather and the improvement of consumer health awareness and quality of life.
At the market price of 27 August 2024, under the current stock capital, in the context of a significant restoration of the company ' s two-quarter performance ring, we have put the company at risk of friction in international trade; demand growth below expected risk; price competition over anticipated risk; and sinks.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc., with a higher than expected rate of change; risk of technological change.