Higher demand in emerging markets, higher performance of 24q2 \triangleright \triangleright, higher demand in emerging markets led to the gradual rehabilitation of corporate inverters. 24h1, corporate inverter business
The realization of income of $2.322 billion was 26.6 per cent less than the previous year. The 23h1 South African market was affected by a shortage of electricity and increased demand for light storage, with the company ranked first in terms of the brand, customer and distribution channel base accumulated over many years of deep cultivation in South Africa, while the 23h1 company stock-reverse sales led to a significant increase in revenues, but 24h1 South Africa.
The weakening of non-market power shortages, combined with increased competition, the impact of a phased increase in stock in the market sector, the decline in demand in Dun Yongkang, and the same decline in the sale of energy-reversers in the company ' s South African market have affected revenues. 24h1, Barkis
The emerging markets represented by Tan, India, the Philippines and Myanmar have experienced a severe shortage of electricity, as well as an economic upturn due to higher electricity prices, policy push, lower prices for components and batteries, demand surges and companies have been exposed to the situation in Jubaino.
To some extent, the gap in South Africa’s market has been bridged by the pre-emerging diversity of emerging markets. 24h1, corporate reversible products are sold mainly to Pakistan, Germany, Pakistan, and the former King of Pakistan.
In the West, India, South Africa, and others, a total of 711,700 units were sold, of which 214.1 million were stored in energy reversibles, 24.27 million micro-connected reversors, and 25.449 million were in a series of serial reverses. The 24q2 company had two successive net profits.
Quarterly loops are growing at a positive rate, emerging markets are driving corporate performance repairs, reversible cargoes and profitable battery kits are growing rapidly. 24h1, company battery packs generate $765 million in revenue, \triangleright
The same-year growth rate of 74.82%, mainly to Germany, South Africa, etc. The company’s battery packs have the advantages of high integration, high safety, long-cycle life, and are developed in conjunction with its own storage inverters, actively using the storage forest festivities.
The Reverser Channel opens up the storage battery package downstream, and the storage battery package is growing rapidly. Staff holding plans promote cohesion. 24h1, the company has a 2024 employee holding plan, with a total of no more than 500 persons and a total of no more than 2,839.48 million shares.
Motivating corporate managers and employees, attracting and retaining good managerial talent and core cadres, enhancing corporate cohesion and competitiveness, and achieving long-term sustainable corporate development.
\triangleright Review: The high stock in South Africa affects the delivery of goods, the profit phase of pressure - transformer is expected to resume growth, the storage battery package is expected to develop rapidly and the “recommended” rating is maintained.
4. German shares (605117.sh) in the three-quarterly edition of 2022. The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.