High-end computer leader, ushering in an era of opportunity
Corporate performance grew robustly, □ equipment accounted for the main share. In 2022, $130.08 billion was collected, representing an increase of linyang billion, or 19.66 per cent, or 88.01 per cent, of the Māori ratio; software development around high-end computers, system integration
• “R & D + Market + Eco” is a three-pronged approach to building competitiveness. In R & D, companies develop their R & D environment and R & D systems in a sustained and long-term manner, maintaining a high level of technological innovation, 2023 27.62%. Companies continue to develop high-end computers, Io modules and built-in ownership based on home-grown processors.
For the market, companies are expanding the size of their sales teams and channels of partners: continuously optimizing service management systems and service water.
At the ecological level, companies are actively working on eco-building up and down the industrial chain, building on their pre-existing strengths and technological foundations in the field of computing, focusing closely on the needs of China's local markets, working together with many partners in the industrial chain up and down, and working hard on technology through collaborative research and development, the integration of innovation and capital investment.
In the areas of high-end computing, storage, security, data centres, full cooperation to promote technological innovation and market expansion. Companies create value for investment by continuously optimizing business structures, incubating excellent enterprises.
First, based on the needs of the computing industry, dawnings have begun a series of practical explorations, ranging from the computing centre to the computing network, to the construction of a variety of computing centres, including the intelligence centre, the cloud centre, and the integrated data centre, nationwide, and through intelligent movement and financing.
Source management, networking of arithmetic resources, providing user-friendly computing and applications to users in different industrial regions; and, secondly, the growing energy consumption problem due to the huge demand for computing power in large models, companies have developed leading immersion phase cooling techniques and cooler cooling technologies.
Businesses and scientific institutes have worked together in depth to create large models for different applications, large models, storage solutions, etc., that provide all-brai capacity acceleration from bottom computing, frames, algorithms, applications, etc. Models that explore innovation and industrialization.