I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I can't tell you why I'm here.
Disaggregated vehicle-type co-operation, with a huge increase in production and sales on the same scale, the company released a sale-rate report in February 2021, with 905 passenger vehicles and \trianglerights, respectively, sold this month.
1321, with a cumulative production of 3928 and 4186, respectively, for the current year. Low base + demand, with a significant increase in production and sales. On the one hand, new coronary pneumonia outbreak \triangleright \triangleright
The impact of the outbreak has been a significant decline in the sale of company passenger vehicles; on the other hand, the overall response to the epidemic has improved, the overall demand for passenger vehicles has recovered and the cumulative volume of production and sales has been reversed. Thus, the low base has been added to the demand for repair, and the company has been able to increase its sales of passenger vehicles on average this month.
The monthly sales volume of the company ' s buses was 905 and 1321 respectively, an increase of 304.02 per cent and 241.34 per cent, respectively, compared to the same year, and the sales of the traditional buses dropped in the lower season. In February, the traditional sales of the bus industry dropped by 7.06 per cent and 53.89 per cent respectively.
On a car-by-car basis, the monthly production of large, medium-sized and light passenger vehicles has increased at the same rate. In terms of output, the output of large, medium-sized and light passenger vehicles of the company has increased at 298 per cent.
The company, as the leader of the passenger-car industry, is ahead of it in large and medium-sized passenger-car markets, rich in passenger-car systems, well-developed product chains, and actively promoting overseas operations, continued deployment of passenger vehicles, key technical areas, and a steady improvement in the product structure and profitability of support companies.
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, 2020, 2021, ps. 0.25 and 0.73, respectively.
7th floor of the inter-centre, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. and its expectations; the spread of the overseas epidemic; and the downward pressure on the bus market.
On the one hand, as a result of the new coronary pneumonia outbreak during the same period, there has been a sharp drop in the volume of company bus sales, and on the other hand, the overall situation in the country with regard to the prevention and control of the epidemic has improved and the overall demand for buses has recovered.
In turn, the company registered a significant increase in the sales of passenger vehicles on a par with each other this month, with the aggregate sales on a par with the same. This month, the sales of the company’s passenger vehicles on a monthly basis dropped in the lower season of traditional sales and the sales ring. In February, the sales of the company’s passenger cars dropped by 7.06 per cent and 53.89 per cent, respectively, in the lower season of traditional sales in the bus industry.
On a car-by-car basis, the company’s monthly production and sales of buses, medium-sized buses and light passenger vehicles have increased at the same rate. At the production level, the company’s large industry has seen an overall improvement in the control of the epidemic, adding up to urbanization, which is expected to boost the demand for buses.
(b) Key technical areas of the vehicle, which are expected to contribute to sustained optimization of the corporate product structure and a steady increase in profitability; (b) under-promotion of high-end products; and (c) under-promotion of overseas operations;
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.