Global Photovoltaic New King, Lead Cost, Technology Trends
● Fine management and technological advantage achieves silicon batteries with two taps, future photovoltage kings. Cost and efficiency remain the core competitiveness of the long-term development of the photovoltaic industry, companies adapt to industrial trends, silicon costs are about 15 per cent below competitors, battery nonsilicon costs are about 30 per cent below industry average; technology, public
With single crystals at the top of the industry, and accelerating the N-type ratio, supporting the average price of the product, the battery continues to lead perc penetration and actively invests hjt batteries to seize the opportunity for changes in the battery industry. We look at the company’s core competitiveness and long-term development strategy, with a projected net return profit of 43.3, 2022.
• Silicon cost advantages are high, positive expansion accelerates the concentration of silicon markets to meet the price-free age when companies cost $395 million per ton of silicon in 2020h1 and lead industry averages about 15%, while new production costs are only $365 million per ton, highlighting cost advantages. Cost advantages stem from the layout of low-priced areas, making full use of Yunnan and Uchi.
On the product side, corporate crystals have risen to 95%, n-types to 20%, and are planned to raise n-types to 80% by 2022, while high-end silicon prices are clearly superior and are expected to support corporate silicon unit prices.
In a booming situation, the company is actively expanding, with plans to launch phase 2 of the first phase of the package and phase 3 of Leysan, with production expected to reach 155,000, 20, 90 million tons by the end of 2021-2023, accelerating the concentration of the silicon market.
In the process of technological progress in batteries, the company has seized the opportunity of a perc battery replacement, with a similar capacity of 100 gw in 2018-2019, with a steady increase in the city’s share. Technologies such as hjt are now expected to become the next generation’s route, the company’s dynamic layout, the industry’s leading in conversion efficiency and medium-test-scale, and deep with the company’s tap equipment industry.
In addition, in Chengdu IV and Maroon base layouts 166 and 210 mm large-sized production lines, the company works with leading component manufacturers, such as Skynet, to strengthen the whole industry chain advantage.
1.1 Main business: Photovoltaic, two-wheel-drive feed is injected into photovoltaic assets and two-wheel-drive feed. Tonway shares were established in 1995 and marketed in 2004. Since its inception, companies have been engaged in research and development, production and marketing of water feed, animal feed, etc. 2016.
During the year, after two major asset restructurings, which injected new energy sources, eternal shares, and composted shares, the in vitro component of new energy sources was incorporated into the body and now forms two major business plates: agropastoral and photovoltaic.
By the end of 2019, the Tonway shares had a feed production capacity of 12,292 tons, the world's leading water feed producers and important livestock feed producers.
The company has developed a high-purity silicon capacity of 80,000 tons and a solar cell capacity of 20gw. In 2017-2019, the company ' s battery portfolio was ranked first in the industry for three consecutive years.
Holding 46.6 per cent of the shares in Tonway, with a concentrated equity structure. 1.2. Agriculture contributes a stable cash flow, light-voltage operations open up a growing space. Farming operations such as feed, aquaculture, etc., are stable “cash cattle”. In agriculture, the company's main business is aquaculture.
Research, production, and marketing of materials, animal feed, etc. In this case, aquatic feed has been the company’s core product and has contributed to stabilizing cash flows.
Sales stabilized at 220 million tons, and the rate of growth was more affected by macroeconomic fluctuations. Although company feed production grew faster than the national average, and the city’s share increased steadily, it still faced problems with the industry’s ceiling.
In 2016 - 2019, the size of the company ' s photovoltaic operations increased from $5.9 billion to $17.8 billion, cagr 1.3, long-term strategic planning and technology, and cost advantages were the company ' s core competitive advantages.
The company focuses on the new photovoltaic energy industry while working on the chain of aquaculture industries. The long-term development goal is “World-class healthy and safe food suppliers and world-class clean energy operators” and the short- and medium-term development plan is “building a world-class niche in pure silicon, consolidating Tai.”
The leading technology and production capacity of the industry is the cornerstone of the company's development. The firm attaches great importance to technology development and production quality control, and the business sectors have increased their investment in technology development and research, which has produced a great deal of research over the years.
(1) High-purity crystalline silicon. The quality requirements for multi-crystal silicon production are characterized by high purity, and by the complexity of the impurities in the raw materials, which are much higher than the quality requirements of the chemical products in general; and the difficulty of detection, the gold of the intermediate products.
The impurity test is close to the lower limit of the instrument, it is highly unstable, and the test for the finished multi-crystal silicon is designed to be single-crystal, requiring a higher degree of demand for the detection process; the third is that the adjustment lags, since the growth cycle of the multi-crystal silicon product is about 170h, and therefore the quality fluctuates and the adjustment cycle is longer.
The company has produced many results in the core field of high-purity crystalline silicone technology, large-scale energy-efficient distillation, high-efficiency reduction, tail gas recovery, trichlorohydrosilica synthesis, anti-discrimination, etc., and is now at the top of the industry list on the scale of silicon production, according to pvinfolink, the global market share of company output in 2019.
To 15%, with a high-purity crystallized silicon capacity of 80,000 tonnes, with single crystals accounting for more than 95%. (2) With regard to solar cells, the company has developed autonomous intellectual property rights in core technical areas such as sequestering of the atomic layer, selective launch pole processes, multiple crystal black processes, silicon, double-face batteries, multi-frontiers, efficient components, etc.
On the one hand, the company focuses on the further upgrading and optimization of the current mainstream solar cell technologies, including the consolidation of other new technologies (e.g., perc+, topcon, etc.) to improve conversion efficiency and reduce production costs. On the other hand, the company ' s hjt battery R & D production line was launched at the end of 2018.
In June 2019, after continuous improvements in research and development, the Hjt battery maximum conversion efficiency has broken 24.6 per cent and became the largest company in the Hjt test line, with a capacity of 200mw in Chengdu and Fertilizer, led by Jeknai Weibo and Ma Mai as shareholders, respectively, leading industrial innovation with the Pyrotechnic Dragons.
According to the company announcement, the company now has a high-purity crystalline silicon capacity of 80,000 tons, with a capacity of 75,000 tons in construction, and is expected to start production by the end of 2021. With single crystals accounting for about 90%, the company’s consumption indicators and costs are decreasing, for example, in the production of 60,000 tons in the production phase and the first phase of the package.
At present, the cost of production for both new projects is less than RMB 40,000 per tonne. It is expected that the cost level will be further optimized as the technological process continues to improve and production standards improve. For solar cells, the company has grown to 20gw capacity, which is the highest in the world. According to cpia, solar energy in the country in 2019.
The battery industry has an average non-silicon cost of about 0.31 yuan/w, while the company ' s nonsilicon cost of 0.2-0.25 yuan/w is only 60-80% of the industry average, with significant cost advantages. In the future, non-silicon costs are expected to decrease further as technological processes progress and capacity expand.
2. Silicon prices rebounded, and supply and demand patterns reversed to support the high-scenes climate 2.1. Sustained downswing efficiency gains, with clear cost advantages. Eternal shares in the field of polysilicon, long-term efforts to upgrade technological processes.
In the field of multi-crystal silicon, the first 1,000 tons of crystalline silicon to be produced in 2008 were put into production. Yongxiang shares have long been dedicated to technological closings and technological innovation, improving the quality of products, improving production efficiency, and reducing production costs.
At the end of 2018, with the successful launch of the Lean Hills and Tiled Silicon Project, Yongxiang's share of the Silicon Silicon annual production capacity reached 80,000 tons. According to China's Silicon Industry Branch, at the end of 2019, Tungwee's share capacity stood at 18%, joining the first line of the industry.
Large R & D inputs, promotion of management upgrades, promotion of precipitation efficiency, optimization and upgrading of back-up sediment rates and cold hydrogenization techniques, reduction of back-up power consumption, steam consumption, and improvement of cold-hydrogen conversion rates are technological indicators. Indicators such as combined electricity consumption, silicon consumption, steam consumption, etc. in the production of multi-crystal silicon are significantly higher than averages in the industry.
In 2019, the national average combined power consumption for polycrystal silicon amounted to 70 kwh/kg-si. According to company announcements, the production of silicon silicon silicon shares was reduced to below 70 kwh/kg-si in October 2015 and further reduced to 62 kwh/kg-si by 2017, well below industry levels.
By continuously strengthening product quality and cost controls, Tonway shares keep aggregate electricity consumption and material consumption below national averages. Historically, corporate multi-crystal silicon production costs are lower than the total new and new energy source of the same industry’s first-tier, and the Māori rate is higher than that of its peers in 2018.
According to the company’s latest announcement, production costs for the new Le Shan project have been reduced to $37.7 million per ton, and production costs for the new toll project have been reduced to $38.2 million per ton.
Figure 12: Tungwee shares multi-crystal silicon operations have a greater Māori ratio than their counterparts, with single silicon silicon silicon having an elevated share of high-quality silicon. According to cpia, single crystal silicon silicon production in 2019 was about 67%, with the market for p silicone silicon increasing to 60% from 39.5% in 2018, and the market for n silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon is about 60%.
As the demand for monocrystal products increases downstream, so will the market for monocrystal silicone. According to data from the China Silicone Branch, 85.2% of single crystals produced in the first half of 2020 were in the first half of the month, while single crystals became the dominant market technology, rising from 80% to 90% of companies.
Second-line enterprises increased their single crystal ratio from about 70% to over 80%. Type N batteries, due to higher power generation efficiency and lower power failure, are a necessary route for high-efficiency battery technology, which in the future will be a technical route to replace type P batteries.
The monocrystal and n-type product techniques are more demanding for silicon quality: n-type blended phosphorus elements, but the fraction of phosphorus in silicon has a smaller condensation coefficient that can easily lead to an uneven distribution of phosphorus elements, large differences in electrical performance at different locations in the castrium resulting in greater fluctuations in battery performance and instability in conversion efficiency.
Corporate products are of good quality, and single crystals and n-type materials are relatively high. The company’s product quality industry is leading, and according to corporate reports, now accounts for more than 90% of single crystals and can supply N-types in bulk, one of the few suppliers in the industry that can provide a stable supply of qualified n-type materials.
Up to 40% to 80% of the material, the n-type is capable of producing pure crystal silicon with a high electron grade. At present, the price of the secret and the vegetable is divided, and the higher demand for the n-type for silicon material will further increase the difference in silicon sequences and gain a higher premium.
Figure 15: Rapid rise in corporate monocrystal content ratio Figure 16: Progressive increase in production capacity of the Convergence N type Figure 17: Gradual higher premium ($/kg)
Domestic low-cost energy releases, and overseas high-cost capacity accelerates exit 2.2\sqrt{} The price of electricity and depreciation are the key variables that determine the cost of multi-crystal silicon production. Multi-crystal silicon is a heavy asset, a high-energy-consuming industry.
According to the composition of the production cost of polycrystal silicon, the cost of electricity is about 35%, depreciation is about 15%, silicon powder is about 30%, the rest of which consists of ancillary materials, labour costs, steam, repair costs, water, etc. In 2019, the industry silicon was consumed at the level of 1.11 kg/kg-si, and the technology-leading enterprises were able to achieve 1.07 ~ 1.08 kg/kg-si. The price of silicon powder is fully marketed.
The price of electricity and the initial cost of investment are therefore the key variables that determine the production of multi-crystal silicon. The cost of multi-crystal silicon investment has declined, and production capacity has shifted to low-priced areas. According to cpia, the earlier multi-crysilica investment has been higher, and in 2007 the sum of tons of silicone investment was around $10 billion, and in recent years it has been more crystallized as equipment is nationalized.
In 2019, the cost of investing in 10,000-grade multi-crysilica production line equipment fell to around 1.1 billion yuan. The country’s most recent multi-crystal silicon expansion began in 2017, with a concentration of production capacity in low-priced areas such as Xinjiang, Utsumi, and Sichuan.
In Sichuan and other areas, the concentration of production capacity has reached 88.7%, and the company’s production is distributed in a number of low-priced areas. According to company announcements, the company currently has 20,000 tons of old and 30,000 tons of new production capacity each, for a total of 80,000 tons.
In terms of capacity distribution, the new production capacity of the Tonway shares is distributed throughout the low-priced regions of the country. Domestic low-cost capacity is released, and overseas high-cost production capacity will be phased out.
Imports, mainly from Germany, Korea, and Malaysia, have led to silicon material becoming the country’s latest domestic product. With improved domestic technology, the gradual release of low-cost productive capacity and the upgrading of product quality, the country’s multi-crystal silicon ratio has gradually increased, reaching 67.3% in 2019, gradually replacing overseas production capacity.
In 2019, the country’s multi-crystal silicon-heads had a weighted average of 23.0%, with a 23.4% Maori share ratio compared to the lower earnings of overseas multi-crystal silicon producers, Vuck and Oci, with an average Māori rate of 4.05% in 2019. In February 2020, Korea’s multi-crystal silicon producer, Oci, announced its plan.
Shut down two solar-scale polysilica plants operating in Korea, retaining only some of the electronic-grade polysilica production, and minimizing the production of Korean solar-grade polysilicon. As low-cost overseas and in-country production exits, the multisilicon sector will compete more optimally.
The cost of silicon production is high due mainly to high electricity prices. In 2019, the market price for polycrystal silicon was between $60 and $70/kg, while, according to the silicone branch, the cost of production of silicone was estimated at $63/kg, compared to the TUS January-November 2019, when the cost of electricity from the nuclear power plant was 56.40 won/kwh, while the price of electricity generated from ng was higher.
120.37 won/kwh, the average electricity price is approximately 82 won/kwh, the average exchange rate of 2019 is 2.3 yuan, the future production capacity is limited, silicon prices will remain high, the new production capacity will be limited in 2020, and multi-crysilica supply is expected to be equal to 2019.
Newly increased crystalline silicon capacity, combined with a steady exit of inefficient capacity abroad, is expected to produce 512,000 tons of global supply in 2020, roughly the same as in 2019. In 2021, according to production planning by front-line domestic producers, there were no further expansion plans for firms other than China’s shareholdings.
Global photovoltaics are growing at a high rate, and supply and demand reverses industry prices 2020h1, global photovoltaics 47gw, 9 per cent less affected by the epidemic than in the same year; industry demand is strong in the second half of the year, and mainstream firms are fully loaded, with 120gw+ expected to be installed throughout the year.
With the start of the boom, the industry is on its way. Looking ahead, domestic loading is expected to reach 55gw in 2021, and firms abroad will continue to have pre-positioned advantage because of the European targets for emission reduction and the share of renewable energy consumption, the two-year extension of the United States' intec policy.
Even with the current rise in silicon prices, the slow pace of expansion and the costs and process barriers resulting from the pre-emptive advantage are difficult to capture. Moreover, the asset-liability ratios of multi-crystal silicon enterprises are now relatively high and difficult to expand blindly without cost advantages, so silicon prices are expected to remain constant in 2021.
Higher level; according to the Silicon Industry Branch of the China Non-ferrous Metal Industry Association, the additional production capacity for silicon was limited in 2021, and the shares of Tong were in a small number of enterprises that expanded silicon in 2021 (35 million tons in Le Shan 2 are expected to be in production in September 21 and 40,000 tons each in Baoshan 1 is expected to be completed by November 21), with full access to low-cost and high-price competitions.
Advantages. In the context of the release of domestic and external demand with limited additional domestic and foreign production capacity, the Truvido crystal silicon business will have a volume of 3 and battery fragments: consolidation of existing cost advantages, active deployment of new technology routes, market concentration 3.1, clear cost advantages, active deployment of next generation battery technology
The company’s solar cell business continues to promote precision management and automated production, improve technological techniques, and further improve the level of intelligent production. Production indicators such as public-sector product a, debris, ctm, etc. continue to be at the forefront of the industry.
The average output efficiency of single-crystal batteries has continued to increase, with 20.19% of non-silicon costs in 2017-2019, respectively, well below those of their peers, and much less than the average industry cost of condensed non-silicon batteries. According to the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, the average non-silicon cost of solar cell industries in 2019.
About 0.31/w, the company perc battery non-silicon cost is 0.22/w, 29% lower than the industry average. There is no room for further decline in company non-silicon costs as technological progress and capacity expands, which is expected to fall further below 0.18/w. The lower cost advantage also results in a significant increase in the profitability of the shares battery.
The battery chain underwent a technological revolution from 2016 to 2017, when the global photovoltaic build-up shifted from countries like Europe to China and the United States of America, with high rates of domestic loading under the influence of such factors as the hijacking, a period when single-crystal batteries came down fast, catching up with multiple crystals, and determining the status of single-crystal kings. During the same period, the 2015-2017 Runners Plan was real in the country.
20.4 per cent of the year went up to 21.3 per cent in 2017, and perc technology matured. Figure 31: Projected rapid increase in perc capacity and production (mw) Figure 32: Runners plan to stimulate rapid application of perc batteries
On the other hand, the perc technology can be upgraded on the original production line and, based on Aishu shares data, an additional amortization amount of $0.045/w per year is measured for the perc line re-engineering, but perc brings efficiency gains of 1 per cent, conversion of an estimated profit gain of $ 0.18/0.28/w per single watt and investment recovery period of 1 to 2 years, thus perc technique
Technology began to expand rapidly, with global perc capacity growing rapidly from 4.5gw in 2015 to 28.9gw in 2017, and perc capacity expanding to 116gw in 2019 to 65%. In the fast-paced battery chain, there is little advantage for the firstcomers, often due to lower equipment costs.
The maturity of the technology and the acquisition of a market share, combined with relatively light investments in batteries, have led to the link becoming the most fragmented part of the photovoltaic industry chain. The company took over the Fertilizer Wildk layout battery as early as 2013 and saw perc opportunities from 2014 to 2015.
Rapidly expanding perc production capacity, which became a global battery tap in 2018, reached about 30gw in 2019, with 10% of the city. Technology dividends were also generated, with battery revenues increasing from 3.8 billion in 2016. Figure 35: Projected rapid expansion of corporate battery production (gw)
Figure 36: The Māori rate of corporate batteries is at the top of the industry, battery technology continues to progress, and the next generation of products is expected to reshape battery chain patterns.
In 2019, companies officially cut into Hjt batteries and produced 200 mw in both Chengdu and compost production, with a high price ratio on the current dominant quantities of perc batteries and a focus on new product technologies such as perc+, topcon, hjt, etc.
The scale of the pilot line is at the forefront of the industry, and is dominated by the Pygmy Dragons and Mae as shares, achieving a maximum conversion efficiency of 23.20%. By May 2020, the maximum R & D efficiency had passed by 24.6%, providing a technical reserve for the next mass production of the commons.
3.2. Large size trends are clear, and the company’s active deployment of high-power components in the industry will lead to a decline in lcoe. Since the second half of 2019, silicon companies, represented by Lungi shares and Central Ring shares, have produced 166 mm, 210 mm, 182mm large-sized silicon chips.
The power of the cell assembly, mbb, high-density envelopes, etc., is constantly breaking. Large-power components will be brought down to photovolcoe. According to the East Day lift, 210 components will be reduced by 1.6% of the cost of the bos, and lcoe by 4.91%.
At present, the level of acceptance of high-power components by downstream power station investors has gradually increased, but the capacity of large-scale battery fragments in the industry is currently relatively limited. Pvinfolink tracks the annual capacity of 166-sized batteries at the end of the year at 52.1gw.
Batteries are likely to be in short supply. In fact, pvinfolink has been offering a price for m6 batteries since May, after having been at the same price as the g1 battery, the price of m6 batteries has risen first since June, reflecting the current industry's strong demand for m6 batteries, and the recent fall in the price of m6 batteries, mainly due to the 2021q1 demand loop.
The company’s new production capacity is 210 mm batteries, which further enhances market competitiveness. As large-scale batteries gradually become the mainstream, the one-stop-and-seek project, the Chengdu Golden Hall battery project, can be 210 dimensions compatible and can serve to meet market demand and further enhance the market competitiveness of the company’s products.
4. Multi-channel financing, reversible expansion of production, leading the way, 4.1. The industry’s low-vale growth plan. The photovoltaic sector is a typical cyclically growing industry.
In most countries, the penetration rate of photovoltaic power is within 5%, and there is much room for growth in the future. Short-term photovoltaic demand is influenced by such sudden events as subsidy policies, industry chain prices, trade policies, grid-discharge capacity, and the epidemic, which can lead to rapid changes in demand before grid-connection deadlines, as well as the seizure of equipment at the end of the fiscal year.
Changes in chain capacity lag behind changes in demand, leading to price volatility in the industrial chain. Production chain prices continue to fall, stimulating the release of new demand in the process, in addition to technological excellence and cost excellence, as a result of such factors as lower costs associated with technological advances, supply and demand imbalances associated with the release of new capacity, and short-term shocks to demand.
In addition to this, firms that are able to reverse expansion in their low-growth industries are able to replace old technological routes, low-yielding productive capacity, and high-cost productive capacity, thereby increasing their market share and creating a leader. Battery blades, multi-crystal silicon, are expected to give birth to a new leader.
The market share of film, battery, and component cr5 has continued to rise, but the concentration of the battery chain is relatively low. Although in 2019 the city of multi-crystal silicon cr5 reached 69.30%, the top five firms did not distance themselves from each other and were in the same level of production as overseas German Wak and Korean Oci.
As the new crown spread around the country and around the globe, it echoes global light-voltaic demand. Together with the concentration of additional production in the silicon sector, which results in an imbalance in the demand for and supply of the industrial chain, the prices of the industrial chain as a whole have dropped considerably. As of the end of June 2020, multi-crystal silicon-rich secret and vegetable foods had become available.
Prices of $59, $29/kg fell by 19% and 43%, respectively, at the beginning of the year. The single crystal perc battery (158.75 mm) was in a low period of industry, with a reverse expansion of the shares.
The bottom solar cell energy targets are 30~40gw, 40~60gw, 60~80gw, and 80~100gw, respectively. According to the existing expansion plans for firms in the conglomerate industry, it is expected that by the end of 2021, the consummate shares of silicon and battery cell capacity will have reached the top of the industry and will have further developed the status of the connivance industry.
Figure 42: Expected accelerated expansion of company multi-crystal silicon capacity Figure 43: Expected accelerated expansion of company battery production 4.2. Multi-channel financing to meet financial needs
In the future, according to the China Road Map for the Development of Photovoltaic Industries (2019 edition), the cost of investment in multi-crystal silicon line equipment is 110 million yuan per kiloton, and the cost of investment in perc battery line is 300,000 yuan permw. Assuming that the shares of Tonway are multi-crystal in 2023, silicon and battery tablet production can reach 290,000 tons and 100gw, respectively, capital investment will be high in 2020-2023.
In the face of high capital spending in the future, Tonhoi shares finance their financial needs through multiple channels. Self-financing: cash flows from existing operations are good, and returns are good. Farming is settled mainly with cash from clients, and there is less demand for recapitalization, and the company's role is as a cash cow.
The net cash flow generated by operating a listed company also covers about 50% of the investment activity, and the bank's letter of credit is sufficient. In the case of bank letters, by the end of September 2019, the company received a total amount of the letter of credit, making full use of the capital market equity financing advantage.
In the first quarter of 2020, the company issued $5 billion in debt swaps to transfer equity. In full use of capital market equity financing advantages, the debt rate remained healthy while maintaining a high rate of growth in total assets and productive capacity.
The Department's non-public financing of $6 billion is a long-term asset, such as high capital. Fine farming, with a strong capacity to manage the costs of farming operations, requires fine farming and tests the capacity of producers to manage the costs.
It is the low Māori rate and the low level of net interest rates, especially at a net rate of 2%. It means that small variations in Māori rates or cost rates can lead to significant fluctuations in net profit levels.
Forage products have a clear sales radius, usually about 200 km. Tonway shares have established more than 70 feed branches, subsidiaries, local production, and a model of perimeter sales coverage based on the sales radius.
The cost of raw materials is high, and prices are competitive. More than 90% of the cost of feed products are raw materials. The raw materials produced for feed are mainly large commodities such as maize and soybean. On the one hand, the feed market patterns are fragmented, competition is strong, and the raw materials are mostly price-recipients; on the other hand, the raw materials for feed products are more expensive, and the raw materials are dominated by large traders.
In order to reduce the cost of production, the raw materials are managed in a combination of central Headquarters and sub-firm purchases, with a ratio of central procurement.
There are a large number of distributors and distribution channels. Forage products, downstream customers are dominated by farmers and distributors, with smaller and dispersed tourists.
The control of a large number of distributors and the strengthening of repayments will directly affect the quality of corporate profits.
In 25 years, the company's deep-farming feed industry, thanks to strong precision management and cost-control capabilities, has seen a steady increase in the market share of feed products. The core competitiveness of the photovoltaic industry is also the quality and cost of the product.
We split and forecast the revenue of the Tonway shares for 2020-2022, with the core assumption being: polycrystal silicon: tight balance of supply and demand of silicon in 2021, limited release of silicon production capacity, higher prices, 2022 rows.
Industry supplies are gradually coming into operation, company capacity is taking the lead in releasing an increase in city occupancy rates, and the company ' s new production is expected to be released by the end of the year 2020-2022, with little contribution to the cost reduction, but it is expected to reduce the company ' s combined costs of silicon by 2022, with a projected production cost of $40, 3.7 and 33,000 tons per ton.
Battery: The company has become the leader of the battery, with 10 per cent of the city in 2019, and the company’s competitorship and gold can be expected to be less competitive, with the profitability remaining high in the rapid rise in production capacity, but the company’s non-silicon cost leads the market and is still more competitive than its competitor.
In the long run, the photovoltaic industry has moved to a level playing field, with sufficient incentives for endogenous development, and the company's ability to fine-tune its management, and its cost advantages have developed in the past, and future cost reductions are still the dominant mode of photovoltaic development, but technological developments cannot be ignored, especially since the emergence of new battery technologies may still change competition in the industry.
The advantages of the technique will gradually emerge, accelerate industry concentration, and continue to be called the battery chain. We look at the company's fine management capabilities, the cost advantages of silicon and battery end, and the company's competitiveness will remain as the city rises. In addition, the company leads the hjt end layout, specializes in fast-track next generation battery technology, and is expected to replicate past perc.
High profits from the battery’s rapid growth dividend period. The net return profits for 2020-2022 are expected to be 43.3, 56.8 and the development of new technologies is over-anticipated, downstream demand is below expectations, and industry competition is increasing.