The industrial sector is under construction, exports are increasing and the industry's giants are re-opening: domestic engineering and machinery plates are at the bottom of construction, and some of the areas are at a turning point or have arrived.
(1) cranes: sales on the domestic market of the Chinese cranes were increasing for four months in a row for 23 years, with sales on the cranes increasing by 30 per cent over the same period over a period of four months. The cranes were partially or already in the upper stage; (2) excavators, concrete machines: two types of products.
It is highly relevant to real estate, infrastructure, and is still in the bottom stage; but with the start of the industry replacement cycle, there is a prospect of a new recovery, such as excavators, concrete machines, etc. The ministry’s core industry, which is the heavy-lifting mechanical plate (over 45% in 22 years), is expected to be in the country.
The upward cycle of engineering machinery is leading the recovery. Exports: the company’s overseas operations have been growing rapidly for the last two years, opening up new growth points. The company has been active in setting up overseas markets for the last two years.
State exports of core products such as cranes, excavators, concrete machines, etc. were successful, and in 20-22 years, growth was expected, with the company ' s growing recognition abroad, to generate income abroad from diversified product configurations, high machine and agricultural machinery well developed. 1) High machine: China ' s high-altitude machinery
Low penetration, high-end growth space, 22 years of earnings from the affiliates, company release of plans for the dismantling of the central high-altitude reorganisation, and strong work on high-capacity business.) Agricultural machines: leading the way in the field of "ai+farm machines", leading to the intellectual development of the industry.
In addition, as the “country four” emission standards have progressed successfully, the opportunities have opened up for large agro-machinery plants, which are expected to generate revenue of $33.40/48 billion over 23-25 years, with downside costs and optimal structure, and profitability expected to rise.
Prices, steel prices are on a downward trend and corporate cost pressures have slowed; in addition, 22 years companies have become more profitable in overseas markets, looking at their share of overseas earnings as compared to rising downstream capital investment, deteriorating competitive environment in overseas markets, prices of raw materials
1. The power of engineering machinery, with a potential for profitability, is expected to catch up with a rich chain of 1.1 company products, with a wide range of products sold in many countries.
In 1992, the company was officially established, listed at the deep end in 2000, and in 2010, it became the first company in the industry to market a+h shares. So far, the company has acquired the United Kingdom’s Policier and Italian cifa companies, among others, and has sold more than 100 countries and territories worldwide.
The company’s core products are cranes, concrete machines, excavators, and, in addition, the company’s active deployment of high-altitude platforms, agricultural machinery, etc., covers 18 broad categories, with a cumulative diversity of 660 species.
1.2 The net profit from the company ' s collection, as the head of engineering machinery, is more affected by the industry ' s cycle. Over the last two years, as a result of the downside cycle of engineering machinery, the company ' s revenues have fallen, and the company ' s revenues and performance are expected as the new cycle of engineering machinery begins.
In addition, capital, real estate investments have cooled and corporate income and net profits have slowed for 22 years now: macroeconomic growth has slowed, capital investment has been weakly affecting downstream demand for nearly two years, profits, profits: influenced by industry cycles, fluctuations in raw material prices, and corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have fluctuated slightly in recent years
In 19-22, corporate Māori rates remained slightly stable as raw material prices, such as steel, grew and demand decreased downstream in the engineering and machinery industry. As the industry moved into the upper cycle, income levels increased, the overall cost of the company was expected to continue to shrink.
Cost end: The price of steel has a clear impact on the Mäori rate of engineering machinery. According to the Chinese Institute of Industry and Commerce, steel is one of the main raw materials of engineering machinery, accounting for about 30% of the cost of engineering machinery. Meanwhile, through an analysis of the Mäori ratio of five large engineering and mechanical enterprises, such as the Central and Central Joint Heavy Sections, the Trinity Workers, and so on, we were able to work between the beginning of 2020 and the end of 2022.
The price of steel, sea freight, has a downward trend, and cost-side pressures have narrowed. 2020-1h2022, the price of steel has remained high as a result of the epidemic and the Russian-Turkish war, and the price has begun to decline as the adverse effects have weakened in the second half of 22nd year, taking into account the fact that the price has fallen.
Former stocks are at an all-time high, and prices continue to be under pressure for 23 years. Meanwhile, maritime prices have largely recovered to pre-epidemiological levels, iron ore shipping costs have been reduced, raw material pressure will be further reduced, and profitability is expected to recover.
Income structure: The rise in overseas income ratio is expected to lead to an increase in overall profitability. Companies’ overseas earnings increased markedly in 2022, with Māori rates rising steadily and surpassing domestic markets in 21 years; furthermore, competition patterns in overseas markets are relatively good, Māori levels in future overseas markets are expected to rise further, and exports of domestically produced engineering and mechanical equipment are expected to improve.
In return, the overall Māori rate is expected to continue to optimize as the company’s share of overseas revenues rises. 1.4 Core products have a strong competitive edge, and the operating earnings of cranes, concrete machinery are more comparable to those of companies whose profitability is $189.79 billion for machinery and concrete machinery, respectively, making a combined contribution of over 65%.
In terms of capacity, the company is competitive in the two main sub-divisions of cranes and concrete machines, and the Māori rate is consistently higher than the competition. Figure 13: Heavy machinery and concrete machinery collected in excess of 25 billion from 22 years. Figure 14: Heavy machinery and concrete machinery accounted for 66 per cent from 22 years.
Figure 15: The Māori ratio of corporate crane machinery is consistently higher than that of comparable companies 2. Domestic: the engineering and machinery industry is entering the bottom stage of construction: macro 2.1: real estate is down or will shrink and capital investment is expected to recover further
Capital investment, real estate landscape and domestic excavation sales are more relevant. 1) Capital investment: after capital investment transfer, the high demand for replacement of excavators has led to a departure from the correlation between the two indicators, and real estate has been down in the cycle for 22 years, and is expected to stimulate new demand as capital investment returns; 2) new areas for real estate start work:
The excavator is used mainly in the area of property start-up, so real estate start-up is capable of generating high-frequency (HF) excavator demand. A negative monthly growth period. Since 2023, the central, ministerial and local authorities have been untying their real estate policies.
Not high, some of the capital projects were extended to 2023, adding to the countercyclical regulation of the economy or will be further advanced, and the engineering and mechanical industry is expected to be recovering as capital investment lands.
Figure 20: Capital investment is expected to bounce back to the bottom, and data on the start of the Chinese sector are still low, waiting for the industry to warm up. According to data from Matsunaga Network, in June 23, the number of hours worked on the rig was 90.8 hours, a decrease of 3.1% and a decline of 9.29% in the ring.
See, the domestic market is still in the bottom stage. 2.2 Products: the crane sector is either in or out, the mixer and excavator industries are in the bottom stage.
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Machinery, the monthly sales of the domestic cranes in June 23 years amounted to 37,58, compared to +0.5 per cent in June of the same year, with a positive increase for four months in a row; moreover, according to the breakdown of the product category, there has been a high rate of positive growth in the volume of crane sales with vehicles for four consecutive months, and the crane industry is expected to lead the recovery in the engineering and machinery field.
Figure 23: Recovery of high growth in vehicle cranes by the same date
The monthly sales of China ' s concrete-mixed vehicles were 576/1108/2604, which is 63 per cent/-36 per cent/-36 per cent of the year. The decrease has been narrow, is influenced by the low level of the real estate industry and is still in a downward cycle.
1) 2005-2008: The country's 11th Five-Year Plan has further advanced urbanization, with capital construction, railways entering the investment cycle. Investment in urban public transport, water, etc., has increased by about 30% per year. In 2009-2011, investment in infrastructure and real estate has expanded and excavators have begun to emerge from the economic crisis of 2008 and have begun to grow for 23 months.
3. Overseas: exports of engineering machinery have continued to grow at a high rate, overseas markets have opened up the second growth curve, 3.1 countries have become more competitive in terms of product brands, and exports of multiple types of engineering machinery products have been successful
The supply capacity of the industrial chain and the country ' s product plates have been laid on the overseas market for a long period of time, and crane exports have continued to grow for 30 months and year after month, with the number of monthly exports falling from 522 in April 21 to 1,446 in June 2323. Chart 28: Export of cranes has continued to increase at a high rate
Figure 29: The export share of cranes continues to rise, becoming an important growth pole: excavator: the domestic excavator enterprise has been operating abroad earlier and has been growing for many years, and the export share has continued to rise. After many years, the development of domestic excavators has not only continued to promote the replacement of domestic markets, but also because of value for money and product quality advantages.
Started to open markets overseas, and the monthly export sales of excavators grew rapidly, rising from 10.6 per cent in January 1818 to 61.3 per cent in June 23.23 Figure 30: monthly export sales of excavators have increased continuously for more than five years.
3.2 The “one-way” country has a high export profile, the company has actively placed a “one-way” outsourcing project abroad, and the engineering machinery is well exported in the “one-way” country.
The company’s “two-way” global layout, with a “one-way-by-the-way” country. The company’s overseas operations cover more than 100 countries and regions around the world, and guide its overseas layout in a “two-by-one” pattern: from England, France, and Germany to Russia through Eurasia.
Continents and Asian emerging markets from the Middle East, Central Asia, India to South-East Asia are two-way, from North America to Brazil, Chile to the Americas and North and South Africa to the continent. 3.3 Offshore markets are growing rapidly, and in the long run there is still much room for growth.
Globalization has entered its harvest period, with high growth in overseas incomes. Thanks to the corporate “two-way” globalization, which has been positive for hundreds of millions of yuan over a period of 61.5 per cent, the share of overseas operations has risen from 6.3 per cent to 31.6 per cent, and 1q23 overseas earnings have increased from +123 per cent, maintaining a high growth rate, which is expected to continue to rise as corporate product recognition increases abroad.
The company has a relatively low share of overseas municipalities and a high growth rate in the foreign market in the long run. 1) Excavators: according to tbr data, the size of the offshore/domestic excavator market was around $790/32 billion in 2022, with 3.4/0.3 per cent of the company ' s domestic/offshore municipalities; 2) cranes: the size of the domestic/offshore crane market in 2022, based on mordor data
The Division still has the potential to increase its share of the overseas market for excavators, cranes, etc. Note: city share is estimated through sales scale 4. High-altitude operations, agro-machinery surges and product diversification
4.1 The market for high-altitude platforms is expanding and high-capacity operations are expected to be new growth points Low penetration in high-altitude industries and long-term growth in space. The sales of the platforms increased from 1578 in January 2019 to only 3.5 per thousand people a year, well below the 23.4 in 2022 in the United States. The current penetration of high-altitude platforms is low.
Figure 39: China's high-capacity per capita holdings are low (Taiwan/millions) Figure 40: China's high-capacity sales have been steadily increasing in recent years, and our high-altitude machine market will reach 26.930 billion yuan in 2027. As noted above, our high-intensity penetration rate is currently high.
Less than the Euro-American region, where high-capacity applications, such as operational safety, ease of operation, and environmental economy, are expanding, according to Frost Sullivan, the country’s high-altitude platform holdings/new market size will amount to 1,955,000 yuan in 2027.
In recent years, high-yield revenues and net profits have been growing at a high rate in many countries. In 20-22 years, the net profit share has increased from $816 million to $4,594,594 million, maintaining high growth. High-capacity overseas sales have covered 58 countries and territories in five continents, with products entering high-end markets in Europe’s 18 countries, the United States, Canada, and Australia.
Figure 43: High-capacity harvests maintained high growth in 20-22 Figure 44: High-capacity net profits maintained high growth in 20-22. Domestic markets of company platforms operating at high-altitude in 2022 accounted for 18.6 per cent, while there was still much room for energy abroad.
Zhang is still large, and it is expected that high-capacity products will rely on corporate overseas sales outlets and branding, accelerating exports along with products like excavators, cranes, and so on, and increasing the share of overseas markets. It is noted that high-capacity overseas revenues remain undisclosed, with some of the high-capacity overseas revenues being generated through the overall overseas revenues.
In February 2023, the company announced its plan for the reorganization of the central high-high-speed aircraft, which is expected to be independently marketed through the injection of the central high-speed into the control company ' s open-flow technology.
The level of corporate governance, on the other hand, facilitates its direct interface with capital markets, and is expected to increase further in the future with the expansion of the market and high-capacity markets of central and high-speed aircraft, and the income of companies in high-level units. 4.2 The agro-industrial sector has accelerated its transformation and continues to lead the technological direction of the industry.
The company has taken the lead in building the "ai+farmer" and continues to promote the development of intelligent agriculture. The company's intelligent agriculture is active in the field of i-farmers and smart systems: 1)ai-farmers: starting in 21 companies are issuing a-wheat harvesters, a-ee rice harvests, a-maryai tractors, an orderly-ai scavenging machine, autonomous development and first-ever release of a farm-ai controller, harvest-testing smart end.
End-of-life products, leading Chinese agricultural machinery into the age of artificial intelligence. 2) Smart agricultural systems: 22 years of company development of the core technological lines of the smart decision-making system for rice cultivation techniques, initial formation of the “1+3” product system, extension of smart agriculture digital services in the Hunan Province ring-tone area, expansion of smart lake rice demonstration bases to 100, total area
Figure 47: The company has taken the lead in building intelligent agriculture in a 'i' Chart 48: The company’s smart agriculture supports spring farming with the highest share of emissions from non-road mobile sources, with higher emission control pressures.
Data from the Annual Report (2022) show that agricultural machinery emissions of hc, nox, pm as a percentage of non-road mobile sources in 2021 were 47.8 per cent, 34.9 per cent and 39.3 per cent, respectively, the main source of non-road pollution.
Figure 50: Agricultural machine pm emissions in 21 are more likely to test the synergic mix of capacity than “country three” “country four” in the first place (non-road emitters) or to create new opportunities for large agro-mechanical producers. According to the Technical Requirements for the Control of Emissions of Non-Road Diesel Mobile Machinery Pollutants from 1 December 2022, production and import are prohibited.
In the era of “State IV”, the domestic agro-mechanical industry will also speed up the shuffling of cards, further raising the qualifications and thresholds of producing enterprises, as manufacturers of agro-mechanical equipment that are the country’s most complete product chain, and the company’s agro-mechanical products have been upgraded to “State IV” with high reliability.
Good performance and suitability are expected to gain a greater share from a more structured mix of cranes and construction cranes. Income: cranes are divided mainly into engineering cranes and construction cranes, which are downstream related to a number of industries such as wind power, infrastructure, real estate, etc., and have a relatively low correlation between crane products and real estate cycles compared to other engineering machines;
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering Machinery, in the 23 years since the monthly growth in the sale of car cranes, mounted cranes and towers, they have gradually been transformed into a break-down plate for the first reheating in engineering machinery, with gross machine revenue expected to be Māori from 23 to 25 years: company crane products are exported smoothly and scale effects are expected to emerge as sales enter the upper cycle.
2. Concrete machinery: Income: Concrete machinery is dominated by concrete pumps, mixers and transport vehicles ... more relevant to real estate, infrastructure. The domestic market for corporate concrete machinery is expected to be the same as last year, but we expect to be mixed because of steady growth in overseas exports.
▪ Income: The indigenous machinery product is mainly dominated by excavators; it is highly relevant to the property infrastructure cycle, and the industry is still in the bottom-up cycle, with a small drop in corporate land machinery revenues expected in the domestic market for 23 years; exports from the company excavator sea have been smooth and the foreign market of 1q23 has grown at a rate of 123 per cent, with a sharp increase in earth machinery.
The rapid growth in the overseas market has led to a significant increase in the business, with an expected Māori rate of  for 23-25 years: as engineering machines enter the upper cycle and the overseas income ratio rises, Māori rates are projected for earth-based machinery plates,4 and high-altitude machinery:
6.1 Downstream capital investments are less than expected. Capital investments, such as engineering and machinery products and real estate, are more relevant, with adverse impacts on corporate performance if downstream capital investments fall short of expectations. 6.2 The competitive environment in overseas markets is risky. Companies have grown more rapidly in overseas markets over the last two years, with overseas markets facing a political wind.
Risks of exposure, exchange rate risk, which may adversely affect the company’s operations if the trading environment abroad deteriorates. 6.3 Raw materials run the risk of rising.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market within one month and three months of the second month of the week.