At the same time, the company is about to release a total of not more than $7.8 billion in remoldable debt.
The fleet was maintained at 16 units, benefiting from the commissioning of the Fukuking 3 and Changjiang 2 units in the second half of the year, and the company ' s accumulated commercial power generation of 47,779 million kWh in the first half of the year, an increase of 17.70 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, the company ' s current cost rate was 16.14 per cent (declining in comparison with the previous period as it no longer charged network charges; management cost 3.16 per cent, down by 0.39 pct; financial cost 12.97 per cent, down by 2.57 pct; and the company ' s ability to exchange rate fluctuations gradually increased.
The unit has finished loading, and the three units 1 are expected to be connected by the end of the year. We believe that the maximum/minimum unit of 12 months has been significantly enhanced, with the crew entering an intensive production period and future power generation and profitability levels.
Nuclear power consumption has improved. According to the Chinese Nuclear Energy Industry Association, during the first half of the nuclear period, we are expected to benefit from nuclear power elimination policies, and the average hours spent and equipment used are 3,370 hours and 77.6 per cent, respectively.
Unique security and economic features, the issue of elimination has been given sufficient attention, and in February the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the National Energy Authority (NEA) issued the Interim Measures to Secure the Safe Discharge of Nuclear Power, which define nuclear power.
We believe that the problem of nuclear power consumption is expected to continue to improve as nuclear energy security policies move forward and nuclear storage integration. Meanwhile, in the context of marketed electricity, companies are actively exploring the marketization of electricity.
The Zhejiang and Jiangsu companies have been established, and it is expected that 17.4 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) will be involved in market-based transactions throughout the year, representing about 18.9% of the total power generation plan.
More than $7.8 billion in remoldable debt ... for the Fukugi 5+6 project and replenishment of capital flows. We believe that corporate asset-liability ratios remain stable and solvency increases year after year, and issuing remoldable debt will enhance the profitability of companies and further optimize and improve their financial position.
Investment advice. Currently, three global ap1000 are in the “last kilometre” of grid-connected power generation, and the Energy Guidance Opinion 2017 has clearly planned to start eight units.
China's nuclear power is a major force in the development of nuclear power in China.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.