Lungi shares (601012) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
eps (latest) The company is a leading industry-wide chain-covering firm in the monocrystal sector and has been leading the development of the monocrystal sector. By the end of 2016, the company had a single crystal silicone capacity of 7.5gw, and a single crystal component.
5gw. A single crystal silicon capacity of 13gw, a single crystal battery capacity of 4gw, and a single crystal component capacity of 6.5gw are expected to be formed in 2017. The company is still actively investing in the construction of the 10gw silicon project in Yunnan, and it continues to secure the company’s market position in the single crystal silicon field.
The single-crystal silicon silicon silicon is “a hard-to-demand.” After the pilot’s plan began to release in the second half of 2016, there was a reversal in the domestic supply and demand relationship, with the entire market for single-crysilica showing a “silica-to-demand” supply and demand pattern.
In 2016, especially in the second half of the year, there was a tight balance between the supply and demand of the domestic monocrystal silicon. The monocrystal excess time node was not as pessimistic as expected.
In a tight balance between supply and demand, but we believe that under the current expansion plans of the major single crystal manufacturers, and taking into account the single crystal furnace capacity limitation, single crystal silicon capacity expansion at or around 5-6gw/year will increase single crystal capacity and will soon outpace demand growth, assuming that we predict that it may start in mid-2018.
There is a reversal in the supply of and demand for monocrystal silicon. Faced with the biggest concern in this market about the scope for a rise in the valuation of Lungi shares, we believe that monocrysil silicon is still a monopoly market for a few oligarchs, especially Lungi Pan Yong-la.
The shares are more forward-looking in their decision-making as industry leaders, and the pace of expansion of capacity is adjusted to market conditions. Panyongle@gwgsc.com is more capable than expected.
Billion dollars, an increase of 88.29% in the same year. The company has maintained a certain technical advantage and a maximum power of 60 p perc single crystal battery assemblies in various ways. The rate of interest on single crystal silicon is 10-20 percentage points higher than that of its peers. The company's single silicon is currently at 30%.
Deepfield International Building, 19th floor, Great Wall State Swe Securities Ltd., right, according to our calculations, in a pessimistic situation of a single supply and demand reversal, the company's single crystal silicon is still promising.
Over 25% Māori. Operating income of $11.531 billion, an increase of 93.89% in the same year; net profit on return to mothers of $1,547 million.
The company now owns 45% of the domestic market for single crystal silicone, which is the biggest beneficiary of this industrial wave of multi-crystal substitution. Based on the rising share of single crystals in new installed machines, the company’s single-crysilica Maori ratio is maintained.
High grades and the assumption that the single-crystal silicon expansion program is progressing well, we expect that the company markets in 2017 and 2018 still do not fully reflect the company's oligarchy premium on the domestic monocrysil market, giving it a “buy-in” rating for the first time.
The single crystal replaces the multiple crystal process less than expected; the company's single crystal silicon-silicon-silica-silicon-silent-silent-silmon-silicon-silent-silent-silmon-silmon-silmon-silient-silmon-silicon-silient-silmon-silmon-silicon-silicon-silient-silmon-silicon-silient-silicon-silient-silient-silent-silmon-silicon-silient-silient-silent-silent-silent-silmons-silips-silimon-silimon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silits-slance-silips;
The company’s founder, Mr. Lee Zheng, is an expert in transversal magnetic single crystallization for more than 20 years and is currently managing Lungi’s shares.
Mr. Lee Zhen Guo's classmate, Mr. Chung Po-shen, a magnetic material expert, is currently the chairman of Lungi's shares. The company quickly spreads from the old monocrylic silicon stick/silicon silicon silicon to a single downstream, single-crystal battery, single-crystal components, and single-crystal light voltage power stations, forming a single crystal.
By the end of 2016, the company had a single crystalline silicon capacity of 7.5 gw, and a single crystal group production capacity of 5 gw. In 2017, it is expected to form a single crystal silicon capacity of 13 gw, a single crystal battery capacity of 4 gw, and a single crystal component capacity of 6.5 gw.
Over 45 per cent and over 30 per cent of the world ' s cities; $5,075 million in revenue, an increase of 98.47 per cent in the same year; $1,429 million in Māori, an increase of 159.34 per cent in the same year; 28.16 per cent in Māori, an increase of 6.63 percentage points in the same year.
5.701 billion yuan, an increase of 126.31 per cent in the same year; 1,551 million Māori, a rapid rise in the two single crystalline silicon climates compared to the other 2.1 single crystal silicon supply and demand are currently in a tight balance.
At the beginning of 2016, as the cost of monocrystal silicon manufacture fell and the process of cutting gold was pushed further, the price difference between the monocrystal silicon and the polycrystal silicon silicon fell rapidly to 1.0 yuan per piece, and the monocrysil silicon needed to start rising rapidly.
The supply of and demand for crystalline silicon have been reversed, with the entire market for single crystal silicon showing a supply-and-demand pattern. The domestic production of single silicone at the beginning of 2016 was only about 10gw, while the supply and demand of domestic monocrysilic silicon tablets had been closely balanced throughout 2016, especially in the second half of the year.
The price of single crystal silicon tablets in Lungi is now around 6.1, and the single/multi-crystal price 2.2 has replaced the trend of multi-crystality with single-crystal silicon light-voltage cells and multi-crystal silicon light-voltage cells as two of the current solar power generation.
Mainstream routes exist, and we believe that single crystal silicon is now more of a concept of stock substitution. The pilot plan and distribution of photovoltaics are simply policy directions for the state to replace this stock, and the cost comparison between the two is stock.
The cost of constructing a single crystal station of the same size as a multi-crystal unit is almost similar to that of a multi-crystal plant.
The advantage of 3-5% higher power generation from crystal components and better light failure from more crystal components from single crystal components, performance and weak light response, is already a better option for more crystal components for investors in photovoltaic power stations.
For 15%, it will rise to 27% in 2016, and we expect the single crystal ratio to continue at the upper end of 2017, rather than at the end of the demand. With a limited increase in the domestic single crystal capacity, single crystal silicon tablets in 2017 are expected to remain in a tight balance between supply and demand.
2.3 More crystals of monocrystals have multiple advantages that make it difficult to reverse the trend of monocrystal replacement of polycrystals.
For different characteristics, the main features are: working temperature coefficient advantage, decay rate advantage, weak 2.3.1 monocrystal silicon cells have working temperature advantage over multi-crystal silicon, whose power output is reduced by 0.4-0.5 per cent for each PV cell operating temperature increase of 1 °c.
Single crystal batteries, because of their single crystal structure, low purity of material, low internal inhibition, high photovoltaic conversion rates, typically operate at temperatures lower than about 6°C of multi-crystal batteries. This objectively results in single-crystal batteries having output power higher than multicrystal cells.
2.3.2 Single crystalline silicon cells have an advantage over multi-crystal silicon.
The results of the j.schmidt study found that boron aerobics were the main cause of photolytic decline, with sub-complexity and battery performance declining as a result of the deeper energy-level defects that were triggered by distilled diaphragms of boron and mescaline oxygen.
The results show that in the first two to three months of light in single crystal batteries, light-induced decline peaked at around 3%, generally known as the initial light-decomposition (lid) phenomenon, the smaller the oxygen content of silicon, the lower the initial light-decomposition of single crystal batteries.
The nature, after three to four months of continued light exposure, shows a similar fire-reducing feature, with single crystal output power returning to a level very close to the initial level, followed by a slow decline at a relatively low steady level, with a cumulative decline of around 2.5 per cent in the first year and no more than a year thereafter.
The multi-crystal cells are virtually non-lid, but as light time expands, the multi-crystal power continues to decline to lower levels and does not recover. Often, the multi-crystal cells have lost 2.5% in their first year, and are affected by silicon quality and cell processing processes.
It's not exactly the same, it's 3% in the first year when it's high, and then it's on average 0.73% annual decline. 2.3.3 Single crystal silicon cells have a better weak light response than multi-silicone solar cells.
Greater irradiation has resulted in more monocrystal power generation than polycrystals. 2.3.4 monocrystal power generation systems are more crystallized and more intensive.
In the case of volume (156*156) the power of a single crystal component is higher than that of a polycrystal component. In the case of 270w monocrystal component, for example, it is higher than the 255w monocrystal component 5.9 per cent.
So far, the maximum power of a single crystal battery assembly of 60 pieces of perc per p shares has reached 316.6w. In the context of our efforts to develop distributed power generation in the central and eastern regions of the country, the distributional power station is relatively limited in its size in terms of a more centralized power station and therefore pre-priced.
Upgrade, using high-power components in the same area is the inevitable choice. 2.3.5 Single crystal power station single-watt investment costs have been equal to the multi-crystal 250w unit cost of $2.96/w, and single-crystal/multi-crystal component price difference is only 0.14.
/w. Considering further the cost of going to a power station, the cost of a single-watt investment in building a single-crystal power station is equal to that of a multi-crystal power station. 2.3.6 The power of a single-crystal power station is greater than the power of a multi-crystal power station at the same power level.
The single-crystal power station is now at the same level as the multi-crystal power station at the single-watt investment cost, but in the same number of units, the single-crystal power plant is generating more electricity than the multi-crystal power station.
In 2015, the National Energy Agency started promoting the Photovoltaic Lead Runner project, with clear requirements for battery assembly conversion efficiency. The distribution of photovoltaic machines in 2016 was still inadequate, with single crystals mainly driven by the Runner Project.
The construction of a centralized power station in the Three North is slowing down. The light voltage increase will focus on distributed photovoltaic power stations in the central east. So far, single crystal output has expanded at a limited rate and demand has risen rapidly.
Under this scenario, single crystal silicon tablets are expected to maintain a tight balance between supply and demand in 2017.2.5 The major manufacturers plan to expand their production but are expected to climb more flatly, although single crystal silicon silicon will remain in a tight balance between supply and demand in 2017, at present.
The expansion plans for large single crystal millers, which will soon outpace demand growth, make it possible to begin a reversal of the supply of and demand for single crystal silicon in mid-2018. In the current situation, a tight balance between supply and demand of single crystal silicon can be maintained in a way that only accelerates the demand and supply of single silicon.
The speed at which the crystal ratio rises, which may require a return to within 0.1/w of the price differential for single crystal/multicrystal components, will accelerate the rise in the single crystal ratio. In this wave of monocrystal expansion, it is important to note that, although the major manufacturers are,
There are ambitious expansion plans, but the expansion of single-crystal capacity is severely constrained by the production of single-crystal furnaces. There are currently only three single-crystal manufacturers in the country, namely, Dalian City, and seven-star electronics dedicated to Lungi’s shares, and crystal-single power is now sold out.
The crystallizer power produces about 400 single-crystal furnaces, corresponding to about 2.6 gw of single-crystal capacity. Under the assumption of basic stability in the Lungi stock market, we believe that the limit for the expansion of single-crystal capacity throughout the year is around 5-6gw.
Three companies have the world’s largest single-crystal silicon production capacity, and are already in a de facto oligopoly, and single-crystal silicon/silicon is a highly concentrated industry. More than 75% of the world’s single-crystal silicon capacity is currently concentrated in China, after a large number of round-thirsty shufflings in the photovoltaic industry.
There are currently only seven manufacturers of single-crystal silicon sticks/silicon tablets in the country, with capacity at the head of the Lungi stock, and the second in the middle, with the remaining second-line manufacturers of Pauly, Crystal, Crystal Dragon, Sunny Energy, Crystal.
3.1 The company's monocrystal silicon market has a high and consistently low stock, and Lungi's shares have taken the lead in the expansion plan following the rise in demand in the single crystal silicon market in early 2016.
1.2gw Single Crystal Silicon Stick and 850mw Single Crystal Slice Slicing Project are fully operational, Taizhou Le leaves produce 2gw high-efficiency single crystal perc batteries and component projects are partially productive, and Sina Silicon/Silica 5gw Project, Yunnan Bo Mountain 5gw Single Silicon Stick, Yunnan Ri River
The 5gw single-crystal silicon production capacity project has been initiated. In terms of overseas capacity-building, in 2016 the company invested in the expansion of 300mw single-crystal silicon bars, 1gw single-crystal silicon tablets, 500mw single-crystal power in Malaysia, based on the acquisition of the assets of the Sunedison contour plant in Malaysia.
In 2016, the Public Administration’s 500mw battery and 500mw component project in India was also launched. The company’s single crystal silicon silicon production capacity was upgraded to 7.5gw by the end of 2016, and one by the end of 2017.
The steady expansion of productive capacity has now led to a 45% share in the national market and a 30% share in the global market. In 2016, the production of public monolithic silicon was 1,423 million, an increase of 121.89% over 2015.
With the tight balance between supply and demand of crystal silicon, the company has remained fully productive and has been the biggest beneficiary of the multi-crystal wave of the generation.
Until 2015, the company’s main product was monocrysilica, which was produced mainly for its own monocrysil silicone production and was sold out by a very small number of people. Over the last few years, the company’s stock of monocrysil silicon and component operations has been maintained at 7-23%.
Between these, the stock share of single crystal silicon tablets and components as a whole has declined rapidly since the start of the company ' s component operations in 2015. In 2016, the company produced 1,518 million silicon tablets, of which 989 million were sold out, 529 million were self-used and 106.71 per cent were sold;
In 2016, 2340.8mw of the company ' s monocrystal component was exported, of which 1847.45mw was sold externally, with a self-service of 281.32mw, with a single crystal component production rate of 97.68 per cent; monocrystal power had the lowest historical level, with the company ' s monocrystal silicon and components selling both.
3.2 The continuous decline in non-silicon costs has allowed companies to maintain their cost advantages The continuous decline in the cost of single crystal silicon tablets and the cost of single silicon silicon tablets has declined from 5.12 in 2012 to around 1.69 in 2016, down by four years
The company reduces the non-silicon cost of single crystal silicon, mainly from a few angles: first, by increasing the unit output of straws, by increasing the output of single crystal silicone stoves by increasing the speed of pullers, introducing continuous material delivery techniques and reducing the time for switching; and, second, by fully implementing the diamond cutting.
Three are silicon thin slices, which have dropped from 200 mm in thickness to the current mainstream of 175 mm as battery technology advances. The lower cost of non-silicon, on the one hand, has brought single crystal costs to the same level as multiple crystals.
The boom in the monocrystal market has been boosted; on the other hand, it has allowed companies to maintain sufficient cost advantages for other monocrystal manufacturers, stabilizing the company’s market occupancy and Maori rates. 3.3 Enter downstream components to lead market trends to higher single crystal penetration rates
Following the acquisition of Leaf Light Volt, Lungi shares began to expand significantly the production capacity of single crystal components based on Leaf. In 2016, the company produced 2179.42mw, compared to its 5gw capacity at the end of 2015, and it is expected that the production of single crystal components will continue at the end of 2017.
Growth to 6.5gw; high-efficiency perc single crystal battery capacity has reached 1gw. Unlike the market's concern about the lack of profitability of Lungi single crystal components, we believe that companies are directly involved in the downstream of single crystal silicon through the sale of components, thus promoting the spread of single crystal components and influencing the whole.
The strategy of the monocrystal silicon market is now very successful. The company has harmonized the standard of monocrystal silicon upstream, highlighting the comparative advantage of monocrystal components downstream by guiding the price of single-crystal components.
Limited, but after the market cakes were made, the company's single crystal silicon and Māori both gained a cost advantage of the single silicon silicon from Torungi shares, and Leaf Glow started in 2015 with a slogan for single crystal components that cost only 0.1 yuan/w more than the Doctal component, which led to the construction of a photovoltaic station.
The result is that the single crystal is superior to the polytherms, which activates the single crystal component market. With a steady increase in the sales of the components, the corporate R & D focus has begun to shift towards optimizing the end of the components, with the goal of reducing the cost of the components to 20 cents by 2020.
The company's strong focus on maintaining technical barriers to the monocrystal silicon/silicon master industry has been sustained by high levels of investment in research and development and the creation of the world's leading battery research and component design centres.
Over the last three years, R & D investment has increased at an average rate of more than 50%.
The company, on the other hand, is the country’s first manufacturer with a full-scale gold cut, and the introduction of a diamond cut has significantly increased the amount of a single stick. The company currently has a tax-free single silicon chip cost around $4 per piece, and the price of the finished product sold out.
The grid is about 6.1 bucks per chip, which corresponds to about 30% of the Māori rate. And the cost of the current polysilicon is around 4.4-4.5 bucks per chip for the mainstream multisilicon miller. The company's monocrystal product is not only equal to the cost of the component monowatts, but even less than the cost of the silicon.
The fall in the cost of single-crystal silicon is due to the upgrading of crystallization technology and the widespread use of diamond cutting technology, which has led to a rapid decline in the cost of single non-silicon. Reducing the cost of nonsilicon in companies through sustained research and development investment has led to a reduction in the cost of nonsilicon silicon in companies.
Inherently, Māori rates continue to rise year by year, and companies have also achieved effective control over the cost of producing their own monocrystal silicons through the technical barriers and scale effects that have resulted in an average Māori ratio of 10 to 20 percentage points higher than that of other mainstream producers in the industry.
Foreign companies started to increase sales in the domestic market in 2015, which has also contributed to the gap between the company’s Māori ratio and that of the former export-dominated mainstream monocrystal millers. Companies now have 45% of the domestic market for single crystal silicone, which is a single crystal substitute for multiple crystals.
The biggest beneficiary of a wave of industry. Based on the rising monocrystal ratio in the new installed aircraft, the maintenance of a high ratio of male monocrystal silicon, and the false premise that the single crystal silicone expansion program is progressing well, the premium on the oligopoly of the domestic monocrysil silicon market and the company's current valuation implies that the market is right.
There is still room for further upward valuations in the future, in view of the greater uncertainty about the future development of the monolithic system, for which the first “buy-in” investment rating has been given, with the following definition of the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date:
The following is defined as the industry ' s increase or decline in relation to the market benchmark index over the six-month period following the reporting period: