The options for the consumption of automobiles and car parts are the first to rebound, and the other branches will gradually improve.
The performance of the first and fourth quarters has improved significantly. From the sales of Chang An autonomy and several major joint venture brands, we expect that the overall performance of the company in the fourth quarter will improve significantly over the third quarter.
2. Autonomy will be the main driving force behind the four-quarters performance improvement. Since the four-quarters, several auto models have started to sell, and new ones, such as cs75plus, cs55plus and sharp cc, have been the best-selling models for the market with the separate models since the four-quarters, while the ownership brand list has been in place.
Car profitability is also increasing, and we expect that four quarters of autonomy will be the main factor in improving performance. The four quarters of Chang Anfort will remain a drag.
Annford is expected to remain depressed in the fourth quarter and, although sales have stopped, the expansion of bases such as the Northeast at a time of high industry activity in the past (millions of dollars) has affected the pace of recovery of its performance.
4. Long Anpsa continues to influence performance, but is about to show up. This past quarter has been announced for sale to the Chang An vehicle (000625), which is a new and most powerful product (000625), which has increased its sales by 31% by the end of the year.
Pneumonia sells Psa shares to the market in 2020 by car (000625).
There's some impact, but we're expecting that Chang An and the joint venture brand will remain one of the best companies in the world, with the 2020 /01/01 sales schedule, and the current selection for our section.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report