New cars that can be used for car parts and spare parts, new cars that continue to function with the strongest product cycles, and events: in recent days, Chang An's stock prices have fluctuated, dropping by 6.13 percent a day, and we think it's public.
New cars continue. Autonomous product cycles continue. Recent surges of Plus and new models of uni-t are bright, spectacular, homemade, and brand-based design language at the same time.
There is no shortage of innovation, and the future is expected to provide a stronger catalyst for the continuation of the new product cycle. Long Ancs75plus sales are re-innovated, end demand is high, new effects are further enhanced, and since 2019, a number of new cars of autonomous brands have been ahead of expectations and have made major breakthroughs, as new ones continue to be launched.
It's on the market. The brand Ford is on the market. The brand's new compact suv is on the market.
One of the largest segmented markets, with a large market capacity and a sharp increase in consumer choice of 4,803/4,803, is expected to continue to gain consumer approval.
Lincoln adventurers have opened presales, luxury brands have sailed. Ford's luxurious brand, Lincoln Head, has opened presales, 248,000 pre-sales, and technology is well-equipped.
The Chang An car (000625) has increased its sales by 31% at the end of the year, and the interior is better suited to the nation's aesthetics after a new design, with the product design leading up to the same level of competition.
The Adventurer, as the first car to be produced by LongAnn Lincoln, is expected to be amazing, and the Chang An car (000625), whose psa shares are sold on the ground, will open a new journey to the luxurious brand of the Long An Car War.
Focus on City Plus - 2020/01 Investment Proposal: Autonomous brand new car, Ford's first new car is on the market, Lincoln's Adventure, Changon's Car (000625).
Households have already started pre-sales. We expect 65,947 million dollars in the year 2019-2020, respectively, in the product cycle of the company, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report