There's a slight increase in the number of car and car parts that can be consumed, and the advantage of the new cycle is still in place.
73.7 per cent of them sold more than 16,000 vehicles (Gwangqing+Hebei+Footy), down 74.5 per cent in the same year, and 6,623 in the other parts, down 80.6 per cent in the same year, before benefiting from the new cycle, which was better than the industry.
Type cs75plus, among others, continues to perform strongly, and the new cycle is still strong. Autonomy, Ford, and Majeta have outperformed the growth of the industry, with overall sales falling by 81.7% in February in the car sector (CSM caliber) and companies performing better than nearly 10 percentage points in the industry.
There is no loss of momentum, and the new car is expected to work gradually. While sales in February of cs75 were modest, the leading position in the sub-area of suv was further strengthened, with market performance at one and two and steady at 4,803/4,803
One ladder. New cars in the gravitational unit series have been released, the whole vehicle has a better sense of technology and appearance than competition, and the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is expected to increase the product cycle advantage as the model becomes marketable.
Ford started climbing the slopes, and luxury brands officially sailed. Long Anfoot fell by only about 40%, and he won the industry. As the epidemic improves the power of the core of the new car, it is expected that the next month will be sold.
It's going up, and it's going to drive the entire brand bottom up. Lincoln's First National Car-type Adventurers Division is going to improve. 2020/01/30 has been marketed online, and the product's advantages are clear and provide full additions, and it's going to be long.
Chang An's car (000625) The new car, the most powerful product, Anfort's overall sales and profitability are recovering. Cycles continue to work - 2020/01/14
Jang's car (000625), 31% year-end sales increase, full counter-attack road open - 2020/01/07 The epidemic will have some impact on the passenger car market in 2020, but we expect it to be under the flag.
The joint brand will continue to be one of the best-selling companies in the year 2020.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.