The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident further optimized the business structure by selling the shareholdings of the Chairman of the ampsa: the company and the former sea signed an Agreement on Transfer of Equity to 50 per cent of the holdings of the ampsa.
All shares are transferred to the former sea, with an amount of $1.63 billion. When the transfer is completed, Chang An will no longer hold a stake in the long Anpsa. The stock sale will take place and the asset structure will be optimized.
The full capital subsidiary, the long Anpsa net book asset, is -520 million yuan, assessed at $3.25 billion, with a value added of $3.770 billion, and after this transaction is completed, the long An An's vehicle no longer holds a share in the long Anpsa stock. In January-September 2019, the long Anpsa accumulated deficit of $2.2 billion. The negative impact on the performance of listed companies will be significantly reduced when the deal is completed.
Impact. We believe that the completion of the long Anpsa sale will reduce the company’s loss point and further optimize the company’s output structure, in line with the strategic transformation of the company. The company expects that the completion of the transaction will increase the company’s pre-tax profits (non-recurrent gains and losses) of $1.35 billion.
At the same time, in the first quarter of 2020, the Lincoln adventurer’s national product, Ford’s new car cycle reached its peak. At the autonomous level, cs35p/55p/75p.
It is expected that the new vehicle matrix will produce a guaranteed follow-up performance. The new engine platform (dct+blue whalene) will provide a rich configuration while achieving a reduction in procurement costs, and the purchase end-cost exploration will result in a continuous improvement in vehicle margins.
In terms of savings, the company’s sales chief, Anpsa, has completed the mix and will gradually reduce the company’s performance loss points, and the governance institutions have been optimized. Profit forecasting and investment proposals.
Intelligentization promotes risks such as less than expected.
2. Chang An (000625): Accomplishment, cs75plus continued to heat sales (2019-11-07)
Cs75plus shows excellent sales (2019-10-09).
Autonomous brand growth (2019-09-11) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for, or for, specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.