Yearly reports and quarterly reviews 1, ongoing price increases plus cost controls, and quarterly reports outperform market expectations
The company increased the retail price of single granules from $460 to $500 at the end of June 2016 (+8.7 per cent, expected plant prices + 6 per cent), the increase in prices and, owing to a strong expectation of rising prices for scarce raw materials and the apparent willingness of dealers to increase their purchases in the fourth quarter, the company controlled to some extent in the fourth quarter to clean up pipeline stocks to prepare the ground for future price increases, with the 2016 q4 ring collection ratio + 2.71 per cent, roughly equal to the three quarters;
The four-quarter net profit on sales costs was significantly reduced, resulting in a slightly lower rate of net gain in 2016: according to the company ' s financial data for the last five years, the single quarter was due to an increase in sales charges. 1) Demand-side: rising consumption prices are driven by rising consumption. The excellent treatments of the Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao determined a steady rise in demand and the Quan Xiao Xiao Xiao was called the "National Treasure Name"
The process and prescriptions are listed in the national “double-secret” and the traditional production techniques are listed in the national non-repository list and in the national drug protection variety. For use, approximately one third of the country’s internal platinum is used for disease treatment, one third for reproductive health care, and one third for civic gifts.
The demand for health care and the gift of family members will continue to grow, while the rise in disposable income will continue, and the rise in consumption will be a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, which will lead to higher prices for pharmaceutical health supplements in brand names.
2) At the end of the supply: natural musk + natural yolk, scarce raw materials, and costs contribute to higher prices. According to research by hospital scholars attached to the company ' s publicly available medicine and the Taipei Medical University, the main ingredients are 3 per cent natural musk, 5 per cent natural yolk, 785 per cent of the fields, and 7 per cent of the snake chores. For the conservation of mussel resources, only eight products are currently allowed to use natural musk (newly approved products in 2014 only allowed to use natural musk derived from artificial production).
Our demand for natural mussels is about 1,000 kg per year, while the national quota supply of natural mussels is only about 500 kg, and the supply of the raw mussels continues for many years. According to the Pharmacy Network, the price of natural musk rose from 150,000 to 450,000 kg in 2010 to 450,000 kg (up 200 per cent over the period), and natural cow yolk is currently 16-500,000 kg (higher the urchin and higher the price), and the scarcity of natural raw materials determines its price in the future.
It will continue to move up, and the cost increases will be passed on to the products, and the pieces will belong to the country’s top-secret formula, are produced exclusively, have strong pricing powers (with the ability to raise prices), and there will inevitably be an incentive to shift cost pressures and ensure performance growth through price increases.
1. In addition to the traditional distributors and the retail outlets of medicines, the company has established an on-line branding centre (there are now more than 80 houses, which have doubled in 16 years), and has worked with Silver on accurate marketing for high-end groups, while at the same time establishing a vip department at the Toto National Pharmacy, which serves high-end clients.
The same effect is evident, and will guarantee sustained high performance growth. 2) Internal and external integration will be a resounding success. Through the “listed companies pluspe” approach, the advantages of five industry M & As funds (with subsequent participation in the establishment of such pharmaceutical-related industry funds as Yang Ming, Qing Qing, Xing, Xing, and Quantities) will be fully realized, and excellent project investment packages will be screened and external resources and public resources will be expanded through outreach.
At the same time, companies have established strategic partnerships with the Bank of Peace, a listed company, Montfore, to align their resources to further promote business development and capital operations; to set up a platform for capital operations and to set up a platform for the operationalization of small-scale enterprises to provide strong support for the re-emerging of small-scale businesses, using intelligence, leverage, and leverage.
The future performance is likely to be expected to be sustained by supermarkets. The company’s dominant product plate, whose processes and prescriptions are listed in the national “double-secret” list, traditional production techniques are listed in the national non-repository list, and in the national level of drug protection, with secondary development of therapeutic varieties, coupled with the scarcity of natural musk, natural yellow resources of the main raw materials, driven by rising consumption and the scarcity of raw materials, and price increases are expected to continue, with a likely rate of entry into the new pipeline.
In recent years, the pace of construction of the company's channels has accelerated, and the financing of the M & As fund has been extended or accelerated. Consider the company's long-term development, covering it for the first time, and give it “the strong source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, the source of the East's financial boom”.
Three years of experience in the securities industry, three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
He was a member of the third team core member of the crystal ball in 2015. Master of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics at Beijing University, and Master of Science of Kings Business School. He was a member of the first team core member of the Chinese Galaxy Stock Company, Min Seong of Securities, Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals in 2016, first in the public list and second in the non-public list.
Research in the pharmaceutical industry focuses on the disaggregated areas of Chinese medicine, blood products, etc., and on investment opportunities arising from the transition to greater health across borders.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies