Source performance growth has significantly and positively advanced the global layout - the semi-annual review of Tienfu communications The company released its semi-annual performance report 2023:h1 in 2023, during the reporting period, Tianfu communications became operational
Cao Xuant reported performance in line with our earlier expectations, with a combination of revenue and net profit growth. This has largely benefited from the growth in demand for lightware products driven by the construction of a global data centre, especially the faster demand for high-speed products.
JANG Jianwu has continued to expand production ups and ups and downs, with significant growth in the performance of the company's light-sourced devices, which are core products such as deep-deep high-speed light engines and high-speed light devices.
The company's main focus is on lightless and light-sourced devices, of which there has been a significant increase in the performance of light-sourced devices.H1 in 2023, $223 million was collected for light-source devices, an increase of 185.07 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate increased by 2.02 per cent over the same period.
Companies are actively promoting global industrial layouts, offering vertically integrated one-stop solutions. Taking advantage of regional talent, companies now form a global multi-dimensional industry layout, covering day-to-day.
In Ben, the United States, Singapore, etc., Thailand’s factories have been set up to build a globally competitive optical production base to provide customers with long-term quality stability and high-priced scale delivery. In the field of light communications, the company has long been working on the development, production, and sale of various medium- and high-speed optical device products.
At the same time, building on the existing mature optical instrument development platform for the optical communications industry, the company continuously provides its customers with one-stop product solutions through vertical integration of the product lines and continuously improves their value.
The company may not be able to achieve sustained growth in its performance if the demand for the product downstream falls short of expectations. The business development of the new product does not meet the expected risk: if the future expansion of the product in this new sector of the company is not anticipated
Research assistant Zhang Jianyu, Master of Arts, Beijing University of Science and Technology, formerly employed in China and China, with many years of work experience in the ict industry, joined the Port Shin securities in November 2021.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis