The company issued a three-quarterly report in 2019, with a return of $21,098 million (+0.63 per cent) from 19q1-q3 for the mother ' s net gain of $7,146 million (+1.53 per cent) and a non-net gain of $6,547 million (+0.13 per cent).
After the mid-autumn season, we visited the provincial channels, and the dream blues came back.
Increased (m3 batch price increase of $5, m6 increase of $5-10), channel profits gradually recovered, stock stocks significantly reduced. 1) By sub-products, the projected blue increase leads, the sea has been reduced by consumption escalation, the lack of channel thrust, and overall, no target return has been approved in Q3 province.
At this rate, the blue end sales continue to grow in inertia. (2) In the subregion, the pressure on stock in the provinces has been slightly reduced and the return of q3 in the province under study has fallen considerably, but the volume of m3/m6 shipments is still expected to grow and the structure is still on the upward trend: the market in the Xinjiangsu province outside the province has opened successfully.
In Henan, Shandong, the market grew at a much faster rate than in the province.
We know that the company has been actively engaged in cost-disbursing changes, and that the results are expected to show gradually.
1903 is still at $2.2 billion in net operating cash flow, with significant improvements in the ring.  Incentives for dynamism: we expect firm pace of corporate restructuring, governance, channel development and marketing to be among the top levels of the country’s white industry.
3 Ocean River Shares (002304); Restoring confidence in key markets, such as the Steady Salt City, with significant stock clean-up in the wake of a rainy season, is expected to recover kinetic energy in 2020. The company also announced that it would buy back its own funds.
One-and-a-half billion corporate shares are used to implement equity incentives or employee holding schemes for the company’s core workforce. The company’s last round of incentives dates back to 2006 and its managers, represented by Yang Tingdong, Zhang Yubau and others, hold their shares evenly through direct ownership or through the Blue Sky and Blue Sea trades.
This is 13 years from now, and we expect that the incentives will be pushed or expanded after many years, and that the company’s mid-level organization is expected to be active.