Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Ocean River shares: buy back for employee incentives, waiting for performance to pick up
0.63 per cent; net profit return of 7.146 million yuan, an increase of 153 per cent over the same period. Of this total, 2019q3 realized operating income of $5.099 billion, a decrease of 20.61 per cent over the same period.
Since this year, there has been a high stock of out-of-town and out-of-town terminals, mainly due to the turnover of the sea, the sky series and old packagings, and price instability, which has led to an increase in the stock in the province.
Starting in the month, in response to the higher stock levels of distributors, the company voluntarily stopped to help terminal stock/flow (millions of shares) to go to stock, resulting in a significant decline in sales revenue of 2019q3.
The company did not press on the dealer, so 2019q3 received 794 million yuan in advance, 200 million yuan in ring, lower real operating income from operating income + changes in pre-receivables.
The company as a whole has increased its share of the terminal Ocean River (00204).
In terms of sales cost, sales costs for 2019q3 increased by 11.22 per cent over the same period, and in the case of sales (the blue of dreams increases faster than the sea, day), the Māori rate fell by 2.6 pcts over the same period, also confirming the assumption that channel costs were being invested more vigorously.
2019q3 management cost rate of 8.26%, an increase of 1.45 pcts over the same period last year.
Workers implement equity incentives or employee holding schemes. If the return price is $135 per share at a maximum of $1.5 billion, the number of repurchaseable shares is expected to be approximately $111.111 million, representing 0.737% of the company’s current total equity.
We believe that this stimulus will be more effective in stimulating corporate management. According to the targets set by the company at the beginning of the year, the company plans to achieve business income growth in 2019.
Over 12%, the corresponding income target is $27.95 billion. In the last three quarters of business, there is some pressure to complete the year’s objectives, and we appreciate the company’s ability to upgrade its product structure and increase market access in the nationalization layout.
In 2019, companies are projected to enter the adjustment period, with incomes growing at a slightly lower rate than the target set at the beginning of the year, with higher economic volatility affecting sub-high-end consumption, less than expected expansion of markets outside the country, and higher market competition leading to a decline in market occupancy rates.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.