Increased sub-high-end competition and diversion of food beverages from Ocean River shares (002.04) resulted in short-term below-expected performance at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: companies achieved operating income of $21.1 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, i.e. +0.6 per cent; achieved net profit of $7.1 billion for mothers, i.e. +1.5 per cent for mothers. Of this amount, $1.9 billion, i.e. $5.1 billion, i.e., 21 per cent for mothers; increased competition at the lower end of the home and improved channels led to short-term underperformance.
Increased spending, intense competition, and a gradual slowdown in the company’s dream series. Second quarter stock is slightly higher, companies adjust their channels in the third quarter, and some products are shut down; at the same time, there is further competition at the lower end of the province, affecting performance in the third quarter as a whole. Cash flows show the same cash inflows in the first three quarters.
Compared to 16%, cash flows were less optimistic, while the advance payments fell by 29%. It is worth noting that the company ' s repurchase program was used to provide incentives for core staff and expected a new round of upswings to 71.7% (a 2.6 percentage point decline in the third quarter of a single period), mainly to upgrade some of its products.
Cost increases, partial sales policy changes: the cost rate rose by 1.5 to 17 per cent, but the tax and surcharge rates fell by 2.8 percentage points, ensuring that profits were largely synchronized with income growth and that net interest rates rose slightly to 34 per cent, and remained generally stable.
Intra-provincial restructuring is taking place in order to promote nationalization. 1 - Competition in Jiangsu market. This year, a number of measures have been taken in the areas of organizational structure, personnel and channels, including the establishment of marketing areas in priority markets, effective cost inputs to channels, improved management of channels, and the restructuring of the provincial market.
It is hoped that growth will be revived; 2 and extra-provincial expansion will continue, further increasing the share of out-of-provincial income and moving the river from pan-regional to national wine. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
Ocean River shares (002304); 19q1 performance over-expected, product upgrading + nationalization steadily advanced Foreign market performance (2019-02-28)
4. Ocean River shares (00204): brands, products, channels Trinity, convergence of markets within and outside the province (2018 - 11 - 28)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.