I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Holder's 3q19salesdeclined 21% yoytorm5bn, aditsnetprofittropped 23% yoytorm1.6bn, weakerthanthemarketandsources.
yanghe'stistributionnetworthfacedchallengesince2q19, butweexpect the targetprice: companytoovercometheseuissuesandretuntonormalrowthin2h20f.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it again, and you're going to have to do it again.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Us$21,820m distrigisthhannelinventoryin3q19.accordingtoyanghemanage, rmb154,165m
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
rm2bnattheendof3q19. currentshareso/s: freefloat:
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, wuliangye, andreduddistics'motivation.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
The company's expensitized 5.1% ptsoyto 17.6% from12.6%.weexpectyangheto
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it, and I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it, and I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it, and I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got the right to be a part of it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got the right to be a part of it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got the right to be a part of it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
It's not like I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the office, and I'm going to go to the office, and I'm going to the office, and I'm going to go to the office, and I'm going to go to the office, and I'm going to the office, and I'm going to go to the office, and I'm going to the office, and I'm going to go to the office, and I'm going to the office, and I'm going to the office, and I'm going to the office, and I'm going to the office, and I'm going to the office, and I'm going to see you.
I'm sorry, mackeret contactinthebrand.downsiderisesinclude1) aller-than-expectedtimeto i proveitsrelactionshipships; and 2) moreentensmarketcompetitivity, particulanyanghe'shomemarket–jiangsuprovince.posivedatalystsinclude1)
I'm not going to be able to do anything about it.
If you don't like it, you're gonna have to do it again.
We're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(hongkong)co., Limited ("galaxyinternationalscirities") and/oritsgroupcompaniestoanyregistrationorificationwith insuchjurisdiction. thisreport (includinganyforformationatchesatched)issuedbygalaxyinternationalscirities, oneofthesubsidiaresofthechinagalalaxyinternationalinternational calendarslimited,totheentitutionsffromedtheinformationsoursourcesbelievedtobereliable,butnorepreprepresentationorationoraritty (expresslyorimactive)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, therevantparties whereby disclaimanoftheirlibilitiesarisingfromtheinacuracy, incorrectnessancompletesofthisreportportanditsattachment/sand/or anyactionorororalmissionmadeinrelancementotherof.accompetently, that isreportmustbereadinconjunctionwiththisdisclaimer.disclosloslosofinterests
chinagalaxysecuritiesco., ltd. (6881.hk; 60181.ch) Isthedirectand/orindirectordingcompanof thegroupofgroupsunderachalaxyinternational financialholdslimited.chinagalaxy internationalmayfincienseinterestsintellationtothesubjectedcompany(ies)'securitiesinsepectofofchare reviewedinthisreport, and suchinterestsaggregratetomountmaqualtoorlesthan1%ofthesubcoveredcompanies(ies)
I don't know what you're talking about, otherwise. oneormoredirectors, officersand/oremployeesofnagalaxyinternationalmaybeadirestororofficerofthesecuritiesofthecompanies
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, functionofgalaxyinternational secreties and procuresareinplacementtoensuretconfidentialinforformation_eldby eitherothersesearchchorinvesbanking functionanddeledapprelately.
Thealysphisprimarilyresponsibleforthecontentofthisreport, inholeorinpart, certifiesthatthectrespact to the securities orissercercoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedacturatelyreflectorherpersonsionsoutthesubject, securitiesorisserisser; and (2) nopartofofhisorpensationwas, is, or willbe,directordirectly, relatedtoessespublicviewsexpressed by theanalytestinstitsreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecuritiesandfutures committee) (1), havedealtinortradedinthesecuritiescoveredhisresearchresearchresearchresearchrechtofoflifereport)
Wearetransferring anothermechanisms"buy, sell, old"add, reduce, old" .
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.