Vankoa (000002) September sales point evaluation. The sales round rebounded significantly in September. Land acquisition remained relatively cautious. The sales round rose sharply in September.
This represents a decrease of 14.66 per cent over the same period, and a decrease of 20.99 per cent over the same period in the monthly sales of the realized contract sales. By round, the volume and value of sales in September increased by 22.97 per cent and 41.57 per cent respectively in August, a marked improvement over the previous two months.
In September, the Division’s sales rebound was more marked, especially with a 40 per cent increase in the sales ring and a second drop in the same year, and the company’s sales continued to run in the face of a decline in overall industry sales.
In September, the company added a new development with a five-point peak in Foshan, Wuhan, Changsha and Chongqing, with a good regional layout.
In December, the minimum price was increased by 274,000 square metres of land, 795,000 square metres of building space for additional land, 506,000 square metres of building space and 4.44 billion dollars of land value.
The value of the sale was 13.87%. During the month of 1-September, the accumulated area of construction of interest was 33.72 million square metres, accounting for 18.54% of the total area sold in the previous three quarters; the accumulated value of the additional land of interest was $50,192 million, representing a decline in the entire period of the previous three seasons and a decline in the settlement profit rate.
By the end of the second quarter, the net corporate liability rate was 100 million yuan. The group continued to optimize the debt structure, reduce the cost of financing, and reached interest-bearing liabilities within one year.
This is accompanied by sound financial management, continued optimization of the debt structure, and a higher level of financial security.
Performance and financial shifts; multidimensional business developments are below expectations; performance and cash flows are delayed. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a the shares refer to a depth 300 index: the new three-board reference point is a three-board guide.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.