Audio Holdings (688036): Super-expected performance, multi-cadination recommended (for the first time) Audio Holdings released a 2021 performance report: the company achieved business income in 2021
49,254 million yuan, an increase of 30.33 per cent over the same period; achievement of net return profit of 3,924 million  2021 years of overperformance, with a strong profitability of the King of Africa, which is expected to be achieved in 2021 q4 according to the company's fast-track performance report for the year 2021
In 2021, the company continued to have a competitive edge in African markets and actively expanded non-African markets, increasing product power and branding, thus increasing the scale of current sales. In addition, non-current financial assets held in the current period were fair.
The increase in the return on value changes and the increase in government subsidies received was equal to the increase in non-recurrent gains and losses. Against the background of the price increases for raw materials in 2021, corporate performance continued to grow, reflecting strong profitability.
• Continue to build high barriers to competition in African markets, continuously tap new markets Corporations based in African markets, through three major brand machines: tecno, itel and infinix, to locate multi-level consumer groups and continuously optimize product structures
High-end branding. 20% of high-end machine sales in 2021h1 and 85% of smartphone sales in the first three quarters of the company.
In addition, the Department has been active in developing emerging markets outside Africa, with smartphones reaching 15% in India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh in the first three quarters of 2021.
10% and 2.8%, of which smartphones are the first in Bangladesh and Pakistan. At the same time, companies are looking for opportunities to expand Middle Eastern markets such as Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Latin American and Russian markets, and are expected to resume their business in the future.
The company's focus on cellular business is going to go hand in hand with the hardware end.
Power, multi-dimensional upgrading of corporate brand power: 1) the end of the software, the company fully enjoys the flow dividend of the market’s leading edge, such as in Africa, from os to stand-alone apps to mobile interconnections. As of 2021q3, the user of the sounding os
With 220 million, applications for stock-activating users are distributed and advertising operations continue to increase their contribution to revenue collection. On the independent app, as of 2021h1, companies had more than 10 million live users per month.
Applications that are developed in collaboration. App teams operate independently, pre-positioning each track. 2) Hardware end, firm focus group for corporate high-quality operations, bomb-making strategy, focused on energy tv, battery-filled treasures, tws headphones, wires, etc.
The two-channel drive, both online and off-line, continues to build the business marketing platform, with the brand of after-sale service carlcare, and enhances the consumer's shopping experience to help companies develop a good reputational effect.
We believe that the business model of mobile Internet service plus home power, digital appliance is constantly being refined, and that mobile connectivity and high-quality operations are expected to accompany emerging-market mobile production as mobile services take root in Africa and expand new markets.
Upgrading of the structure of goods and consumption, expansion and movement of household power and accessories, realization of rapid growth of Internet operations, increased risks associated with competition in the industry, lower demand downstream, technological innovation in R & D
• Electronics Group Presentation: Mao Jianxian University, three years of U.S. semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global leading semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in the U.S. dollar securities from 2018 to 2020
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design at the Nanyang Polytechnic University of Singapore, has reflected my research views in the Chinese typhoon martial arts chip. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for any of the suggestions or comments made in this report.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.