Cynic vs. Traditioner: The youth team is booming, taking the lead in the double-end industry on August 01, 2022.
Research assistant IW: Eastern wealth has younger management teams and more flexible incentives. 1) Eastern wealth is young, professional teams protect the company from development: the company actually controls people.
He has a unique growth experience and vision, and is able to travel with young users on both sides of the `70s after '70s' team and the `80s' general manager, as opposed to the `60s' executives of traditional coupons. 2) Eastern wealth accumulates leadership in incentives: Eastern wealth launched a new round in July 2021.
Equity incentives to enhance the medium- and long-term development of the imagination. 3) Internet genes contribute to the development of the East's wealth, rich in “crowds”: management teams carved Internet genes into the Eastern bone marrow of wealth, using Internet platforms to stir up scale effects, significantly different from traditional voucher dealers' human-driven development models.
▪ Income model: Internet-enabling brokering + blending, which makes it difficult for traditional bond dealers to replicate the “light assets” model of Eastern wealth subsidiaries. 1) The “light assets” model of Eastern financial securities is dominated by brokering: Eastern securities brokering is growing, with a significantly higher share of brokering in 2021 (62 per cent) than the industry in 2021.
Less so. 2) Flow advantage + low commission strategy enabling misalignment of brokering: with a double advantage, the first half of 2022 saw a significant increase in eastern securities brokering (+29.96%) faster than equity-based equity capital, which contributed to the growth of mixed businesses: Eastern wealth is supplemented by Eastern wealth in a variety of ways
• Cost control: platform + flow intensifies efficiency gains, and Eastern wealth costs are better controlled than traditional coupons. 1) Platform models present low marginal costs, and Eastern wealth important cost rates are too high:
In 2021, the cost of Eastern wealth fell to 32 per cent, with lower and lower rates of cost compared to traditional coupons, with a sharper per capita gain. 2) Flow entrances + cross-flows, Eastern wealth Eco-Closed Eco-Closed cost advantages: Eastern wealth “Integrated Portal + Vertical Portal + Online Community”
And Eastern wealth reduces the cost of receiving customers and taps the value of the flow through cross-dips.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the above analysis, we consider Eastern wealth to be zero for the Internet.
We maintain a net return profit on Eastern wealth from 2022-2024. The market share of companies that used to be good in the long term will continue to rise, and retail wealth management will continue to grow.
1. Core dynamics: Eastern wealth has a rejuvenation management team and flexible incentives. 1.1. Eastern wealth rejuvenation, professional management teams protecting corporate development.
In 2014, the CSRC supported the creation of securities companies funded by investors such as private capital. In this context, Eastern wealth entered the securities industry.
A governance structure controlled by natural persons can provide more flexible corporate mechanisms for Eastern wealth, adapting its development to market demands, and leading to a decisive transformation of the company. The East’s wealth, the Soul Man, is in fact a vision of his unique growth path.
The president of the Internet voucher firm, who has a unique view of the securities market, has a different way of growing up from some of the traditional coupons from state-owned banks and local investment agencies, but he has a closer growth path to the capital market:
First, and as a host, guest, and columnist of the Central Television and various financial and securities media. 2) Mr. Minoru is a man of entrepreneurship and vision. Indeed, in 1996, he was involved in the creation of the Shanghai Foundation Investment Advisors Ltd. and succeeded in extending a local financial securities newspaper to more than a million copies, and has been involved in its creation for a long time.
The new generation of young, professional core teams has led the company’s long-term development. 1) The new generation of Easter wealth, the old general, has been able to help the country’s new generation.
On April 26, 2021, the founder of Eastern wealth resigned as director-general of the company, Mr. Shi Jia resigned as director-general of the company, Mr. Lu Wei resigned as deputy director-general, chief financial officer, etc., and Mr. Zheng Liqun took over as company director-general, deputy director-general, and chief financial officer, Ms. Huang Jianhai.
The young management team of Eastern wealth travels both ways with young and young investors to boost medium- and long-term performance. 2) The Eastern wealth management team has a strong technical background and an international perspective. When Eastern wealth is about to be marketed, the top management team includes a number of doctors, master's degree students, scoping software projects, workers, etc.
After the restructuring of personnel, the company’s soul figure actually continues to be the president of the company, the leader of the rudder, and the company’s long-term development strategy has not fluctuated. The two tops of Eastern wealth have a strong background technology.
Among them, Mr. Jung Li Kwan, the company’s general manager, was responsible for the construction of the Choice terminal. And Ms. Huang Jianhai has been working with a number of well-known foreign companies at Harvard University, and the professionalization and internationalization of Eastern wealth teams has further increased.
Incentives for Eastern wealth are well developed, and there is a clear determination to increase growth. 1) Incentive schemes have been introduced in the Eastern wealth industry earlier, and accumulated.
Stock options incentives for core employees. For example, four rounds of equity incentives, first granted in 2014, provided a strong return to the core management team and resulted in a deep alignment of core executives, such as Luwei and Chengdu, with corporate interests through equity options. Two stock options incentives provided companies with a platform to sell to the fund, interconnectivity.
The upgrading of the stock market has given impetus to the growth of Eastern wealth, which has ensured greater experience and accumulation of equity incentives than the traditional ones. 2) The new round of equity incentives has been integrated with the Eastern Wealth Transformation Development Plan, stabilizing the medium-term momentum. In July 2021, Eastern wealth launched a new round of incentives, unlike the previous two rounds, the current round of incentives.
Incentives are awarded to a total of 818 persons, with a higher coverage than other securities companies during the same period. Unlike other securities companies, incentives are provided for the granting of restricted shares during the same period. High award prices and performance requirements for Eastern wealth reflect firm confidence in stable development in the medium and long term.
This round of stock incentives is expected to further the transformation of corporate wealth management and to stabilize the medium- and long-term momentum through the deep binding of a new generation of middle- and senior-level managers, technologists and companies.
Eastern wealth anchors the positioning of the Internet for “linking people and wealth” and continues to be transformed and upgraded. 1) The Internet information level period. From 2005 to 2007, Eastern wealth began with the development of financial information platforms, which led to the gradual establishment of Internet finance information portals such as the Eastern Wealth Network, the Stock Exchanges and the Sky Fund Network, whose main revenue is advertising and financial data.
In 2011, Eastern Wealth first launched the Equity Incentives Program to boost corporate business transformation, and, while adhering to the “link people and wealth” position, began to promote flow conversion and liquidity and successfully obtained a fund-dealing license to explore in depth the chain of customers and wealth. 3) The Internet voucher period. In 2014, Eastern Wealth re-launched the stock market.
Right Incentives, through a strategic vision of “linking people and wealth” brands, successfully acquired Hong Kong’s Bohua century securities and Tibetan bonds in 2014 and 2015, replenished the stockplate and successfully entered the Internet securities business. In the past decade or so, Eastern wealth strategies have been unique in their pursuit of “link people and wealth”
Business development has evolved from financial information to fund sales to “Internet voucher dealers.” In 2021, Eastern wealth once again launched the Equity Incentive Scheme, which will facilitate the creation of a one-stop “Fortune Management Platform” for building companies.
Bonders follow a manpower-driven model, and financial institutions are more powerful. Traditional bond managers come from such financial institutions as banks, local investment agencies, and bond dealers.
The differences in identity between the two types of companies are determined by the nature of Eastern wealth as an Internet company, compared to the nature of the financial institutions of traditional bond dealers. Through stock cafés, Eastern wealth networks, and the accumulation and marketing of the accounts of Skyfund networks, Eastern wealth has a better Internet marketing, channel, and user base before entering the company.
With the successful combination of this type of resources, the slogan “System commission 2.5,7* 24-hour open account” has been introduced, and Internet games, such as user fission, have been used to facilitate the rapid transformation of users into Eastern stock securities clients of Eastern wealth subsidiaries.
The creation of a “light asset” bond model for Eastern Treasury Securities, which has a large-scale effect, and the creation of a “light asset” model for Eastern Wealth Subsidies, which is growing and stable.) The “light asset” model for Eastern Treasury Securities is dominated by brokering activities compared to traditional bond dealers. As brokering competition increases, the industry becomes more efficient.
Brokering accounts for only 27% of total revenue. In 2021, the share of brokering revenue was much higher than the industry average, while self-employment (net return on investment + net gain on fair value change) was only 12%, which is significantly lower than the industry average.
In 2021, the net profit on Eastern securities reached +67% to $4,825 million. Overall, the net profit on East Asian securities has grown significantly faster than the average for Chinese securities and industry.
In the entry structure, self-employment is low, with net profits on Eastern securities remaining at 37% higher than in the same period last year, under market pressure in the first half of 2022, while traditional bond dealers generally performed poorly during the same period being held back by self-employment. The Eastern wealth subsidiary’s Eastern wealth bonds led the industry, with its net assets growing robustly.
In the last three years, the Eastern Stock Exchange rose steadily, accounting for 17.44 per cent of the Eastern Stock Exchange in 2021, ranking first in the list, leading in the list, and 3.56 per cent in the second place. (2) The financial leverage of the Eastern Stock Exchange has risen steadily, and the net assets have grown steadily.
In the last five years, the overall financial leverage on Eastern securities has been slightly volatile, rising steadily over the past three years, and rebounded to 3.29 times in 2021. In 2021, overall financial leverage on Eastern securities was lower than on Chinese securities (4.91 times more than on Chinese securities) and less leveraged than industry leaders.
For a few years, the parent company’s Eastern wealth has been able to build up its brokerage and blending operations by issuing a transferable debt to replenish the Eastern Securities Capital, and the future efficiency of the use of the funds will be more than sufficient. 2.2. Flow advantage + low commission strategy will enable the Eastern Wealth Brokering Business to compete in the wrong place as the East’s wealth-brokering business becomes more effective.
The share of eastern wealth subsidiaries in eastern wealth securities is rising steadily. 1) The share of eastern wealth securities in the market has not increased. By 2020, q3 had a market share of 3.22% in brokering. The growth has been rapid compared to the share of other securities.
In the first half of 2022, there was a steady increase in net revenue from Eastern Securities Brokering in the face of poor market performance. In the first half of 2022, Eastern Wealth achieved fees and commission revenues of 2,441 million yuan (the principal share-base turnover (+9.49 per cent) indicating a steady increase in net revenue from Eastern Securities Brokering, which was faster than in the industry.
A flow advantage that is difficult to replicate helps to promote the “catch-and-stay” of financial securities brokering. 1) Unlike the bottom-up mode of the traditional stockbrokers, there is a significant advantage in the bottom-up flow of financial securities platforms. The traditional stockbrokers are people-driven, and because they do not have their own flow advantage, they need to incur high purchasing costs.
The advantage of the Internet platform for both quantitative users and parent companies is to enable the platform’s active users to continue to convert to the users of securities brokering. The brokering costs for individual users of Eastern securities amounted to $43.4 billion in 2021, or 94 per cent, compared to 40 per cent in mid-2021 for individual users of credit securities.
Similarly, because of the synergies between Eastern and parent securities in terms of information, technical support, flow import, Eastern securities can achieve a lower-than-average commission rate than the industry, with a net commission rate of about 0.01 per cent (industry 0.028 per cent). For retail users of platforms such as “equity bar”, the low commission rate of Eastern securities is more attractive.
The traditional voucher buyer model makes it difficult to balance low commission rates with the purchase price. 3) High-quality services enable Eastern wealth to exploit the value of “long-end customers” . Eastern wealth apps have a more visible image of “long-tail users” than traditional coupons, using stock-based trading ratios to the market value of hosting securities to estimate that Eastern wealth exchange rates are far greater than other coupons, reflecting “longer” than traditional coupons.
End-user's transactions are more frequent. Eastern wealth captures this feature, giving the newcomers of Eastern securities the opportunity to “sweet” all kinds of information and trading tools under the Eastern Wealth flag, and to achieve a win-win client-flux + value-added sales. 2.3. East Asian securities achieve low-interest refinancing of capital supplements, contributing to a steady growth in two-way operations.
Eastern wealth is capitalizing its subsidiaries' Eastern wealth securities in a variety of ways, such as debt transferable. 1) Eastern wealth is used to replenish the Eastern assets capital of its subsidiaries by debt swaps. Eastern wealth is raised through the issuing of tradable “Orient wealth swaps”, “Orient wealth swaps”, “Orient wealth transfers”, and “Orient wealth transfers three” and has been successful in generating equity transfers, in May 2019, September 2020,
In March 2022, the increase in the capital of the Eastern Stock Exchanges of $5.4 billion, $7.65 billion, and $1.605 billion contributed to raising the capital of the Eastern Stock Exchange to $12.1 billion. Easter wealth raised funds through forced debt swaps, made it possible to recapitalize the Eastern Stock Exchanges, and, with Eastern wealth performance steadily rising, the value of Eastern Wealth Transferd Investment is significant in the future.
This model of financing promotes Eastern wealth into a virtuous circle of performance and stock prices. 2) A subsidiary’s Eastern Stock Bonds actively issue additional operating funds. As of July 15, 2022, the Eastern Stock Bonds have issued two public issues of corporate bonds this year, and on July 15, the Eastern Stock Bonds have successfully issued five short-term vouchers this year, with a fifth short-term voucher of 90 days’ duration.
With a nominal interest rate of 1.93%, the Eastern stockholders have successfully used the rolling issuance of short-term finance vouchers to achieve low-interest financing. The subsidiary’s user advantage and financing cost advantage have contributed to the continued expansion of the two-consolidated business.
Since 16 years, the two-way business has been growing in reverse, with the two-way balance of the two-way securities in 2021 equal to +44 per cent to 43,407 million yuan, with a market share of 2.37 per cent. In 2021, Eastern wealth was released as a fungible “Orient wealth transfer” totalling 15.8 billion, of which no more than 14 billion were used to expand the two-way business.
The rankings will continue to rise as Eastern Treasury securities continue to tap into their business potential. 3. Cost control: platform + flow to secure Eastern wealth costs are better controlled than traditional coupons.
3.1. Platform models present low marginal cost advantages, and the important cost rates of Eastern wealth have been too high, and Eastern wealth cost rates have tended to decline even more sharply than traditional coupons. 1) Platforms are established with relatively high initial input costs and short-term pressure. The Internet expansion model followed by Eastern wealth requires large amounts of money to be invested in sales in the future.
In 2017, Eastern wealth reached 81% of its highest cost, significantly higher than the average in the voucher industry, mainly due to increased input from companies into building the platform. As Eastern wealth expanded, Eastern wealth cost increased in 2021.
(32%) is clearly below the industry average (62%), while the Māori rate has risen to 65%. 2) Eastern wealth has reached a marginal international cost reduction period and continues to develop low-cost advantages. Eastern wealth costs have been named because of the scale benefits of the platform model.
The Eastern wealth “light assets” model leverages the scale effect of technological human capital inputs. 1) The Eastern wealth “light capital” model effectively reduces human capital inputs.
Under the impact of the new crown epidemic, offline network operations have been negatively affected, and the importance of online channels has become increasingly important. Eastern wealth has been channelled through financial portals to each other and to the Internet, creating a “light capital” business model, with low reliance on offline networks.
The number (172) is significantly lower than the number of leading traditional coupons and more efficient operations, thus reducing the amount of technology that the business sector has invested in it, which is much higher than that of its counterparts. Because of the marked differences between the business model of Eastern wealth and traditional coupons, Eastern has a significantly higher share of skilled personnel in the structure of expenditure on wealth and human capital than traditional coupons, and the Eastern wealth employee structure in 2021.
The share of mid-level technicians is 47.88%, which is much higher than that of medium-sized securities (7.43%) and sea-ton securities (5.28%). Through long-term investment and training of technicians, Eastern wealth has built up its own technical team, which will continue to tap the scale effect through mature Internet-based platform solutions in the future.
Eastern wealth depends on traditional bond dealers with low reliance on human inputs, with a sharp increase in per capita profits. 1) Eastern wealth is important, cost rates are too high, and the overall trend is declining. Eastern wealth network technology and information data costs as a percentage of business income continued to fall to 39.8% in 2021 after peaking at 60% in 2017, which means that along with Eastern wealth networks, they continue to fall to 39.8% in 2017.
The platform’s construction and default of its own technology are now in a downward spiral of significant cost rates. Three costs – Eastern wealth sales, management, and research and development – have been affected by employee salaries (man’s fees) and have continued to decline in 2014-2021, and Eastern wealth management rates have declined significantly since their height of 50% in 2017, to 14% in 2021.
Businesses, financial e-commerce services, Internet advertising services, etc. (non-securities) have remained relatively stable. 2) The power point is different from traditional bond dealers, whose profits per person in the East have increased dramatically.
The growth of performance is more dependent on high human cost inputs, which boost the growth of performance by expanding the size of the workforce or raising its remuneration. Instead, Eastern wealth, with Internet platforms as its main source of activity, invests more in R&D and platform-building, and spreads average human cost inputs through scale effects.
In 2021, it rose to 1.52 million yuan, while Sino-Thai/Thai-Thai-Thai-Thai-Ann per capita made a profit of 3.2. Flow entrances plus cross-dips, with a low cost advantage for the east's ecological isolation, three major “flow entrances” of eastern wealth, built on the foundations of the east's ecological wealth. 1) The east's wealth is a “combined portal” plus a dynasty.
The three major brands of the Eastern Wealth Network (the Convergence Portal), the Sky Fund Network (the Vertical Portal), the Equity Bar (the Online Community) have a clear Internet flow and channel advantage over the traditional coupons. The Eastern Wealth Long-term Deep Farm Internet Web site is well-established.
For example, Eastern wealth has its own complete data collection system, which enables the entire chain of pdf documents to complete the database. Eastern wealth has a much better ability to customize data to meet the individualized needs of its clients than most traditional voucher dealers rely on external suppliers. 2) Eastern wealth mobile end users have a sticky lead, app
In June 2020, Eastern wealth rose to 10,000, with Eastern wealth leading to a certain degree. This is mainly because Eastern wealth relies on investment-aided technology and the accumulation of gold-based data, which will create a one-stop platform for investment to meet the information and trade needs of clients.
At a time when Eastern wealth strengthens client social identity by connecting to interactive community “equity bar” to meet client emotional needs, and continuously improves user stickyness. As investment platforms become more complex, client learning costs and migration costs increase, the advantage of Eastern wealth stock users becomes increasingly apparent. And as wealth shifts between generations, “80 after”, “90 after” and so on, “interconnectivity” and so on.
Net Generations will be the main source of investment, and the advantage of mobile ends and information services will continue to increase the flow of Eastern wealth. Figure 26: East wealth and natural wealth flow data 2014/11-2022/02. East wealth will create a cross-routine eco-circle, leading the flow and staying. 1) The platform under the Eastern wealth flag will be different.
In general, investors’ financial literacy is positively related to their risk preferences, and hence through their use.
As investors’ risk preferences change, Eastern wealth is expected to drive the autonomous transformation of lower-risk and higher-risk equity clients.)
Traditional bond dealers rely on “people-driven” sales patterns, with high client conversion costs. Traditional bond dealers have a larger number of off-line business outlets, relying mainly on the off-line business to increase the number of new customer openings, and to promote the sale of financial products and new products through “people-driven” sales.
In the absence of technological accumulation and the cost of buying it, bond dealers are more expensive to convert on-line. The Eastern Wealth Platform + stayovers have a significant effect, and the number of customers is largely stable.) The development of the eco-region has begun, and the share of Eastern wealth in the city has increased steadily.
In April 2021, Eastern wealth amounted to 1,462 million active users, while the more advantaged traditional voucher accompanies only 8.72 million people.
4. Profit forecasts and investment proposals First head of Internet retailing: Eastern wealth performance continued to grow robustly in the first half of 2022, with stockbrokers, better market access leading to higher incomes; and good corporate cohesion.
Users create a wealth management biosphere, display three natural nuclear advantages in wealth management: high-flow, low-cost, high-quality services, and corporate retail securities and fund sales continue to grow, with significant future improvements in the creation of fund products, investment advisers, and customer asset allocation.
It is still a good idea that long-term corporate-market dominance will continue to rise, that retail wealth management will continue to be strengthened, and that the “buy-in” 1 market will continue to be less active: the performance of bond dealers will be closely linked to market-trading activity, which will directly affect the brokerage, capital-brokering, and so on.
2) Disease control is not as good as expected: the epidemic affects operations, and innovation policies in the securities sector are not as good as expected if the epidemic is not expected to affect the management of bond dealers ' wealth, 3) innovation policies in the securities sector are not as good as expected: innovation drives the development of bond dealers, and tighter regulation will affect bond commerce.