Eastern wealth eastmoneyformation (300059ch) without fear of market fluctuations, with net profits expected to rise in the first half of the year relative to the same year
The view focus is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengrishsummary)
In addition, in the financial statements, in the first half of 2022, the total operating income of the securities was $4.18 billion, or +34.1 per cent, and in the first half of 2022, the net profit was $2.85 billion, or +37.5 per cent.
The net revenue from commissions was $2.44 billion, an increase of 30.0%. The average market growth in the first half of the year was much faster than the average market share-based turnover, and we expect the net revenue from interest on Eastern securities to be $960 million in the first half of the year, compared to 25.4 per cent in the first half of the year.
At the end of the year, the balance of the E.E.E.S. portfolio was released, down by 11.7 per cent from the end of the previous year, while the balance of the E.E.S.S.C. was down by 12.5 per cent from the end of the previous year, with a projected net return on E.E.S. investment (including a fair value change) of $650 million over the same period.
+58.6 The equity market fluctuated significantly over the same period, with a cumulative decline in all parts of the capital. • Transferred assets to net assets and increased capital strength. By the end of the first half of the year, total Eastern assets were $16.7 billion, an increase of 12.0 per cent over the beginning of the year.
The sum of $50.8 billion, an increase of 59.1 per cent from the beginning of the year, was used to supplement the operating funds of Eastern securities by $15.8 billion of the funds raised in the Eastern Capital 3 under the company ' s March 2022 announcement, which further strengthened the firm ' s capital.
• We keep looking at Eastern wealth: 1) the top platforms, such as the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network, and c-clients have a strong sticky and diverse demand. 2) The Fund has a pre-emptive advantage, and the earnings of the tailings contribute to the stability of performance.
The coupon business has expanded rapidly based on its own flow advantage and low commission strategy, and the capital money has led to business development such as a two-way street, where profits have grown significantly faster than those of colleagues. (4) The benefits of the rapid development of wealth management have led to a clearer blueprint for large wealth management.
In the month, the ESF pilot was approved and is expected to accelerate the development of wealth management in the future. [Investment proposal] We expect a net profit from Eastern wealth of $9.9 billion in 2022, compared to pb 4.4x, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Sun Tingsun ivianxu