The rate of growth slowed down, the cost pressure dropped overall, automation ordered, and the net profit fell on a year-on-year basis by 24.6 per cent (excluding the same 6.4 per cent increase in Bestte) of the 19q1-3 battalion of the Research Assistant.
18.7 per cent (excluding a 22 per cent decline in Bestte), which is largely in line with expectations: the company published its three-quarters report in 2019, which generated operating income of $4,908 million over the reporting period, compared to 24,61 per cent, of which Bestte and Bethet also showed their influence on the Māori rate, and the Māori ring ratio recovered after deduction.
In addition to the q3 swab rate of 41.3% and a small 0.5pc increase over the ring, the decline in the rate of new energy vehicles and the increase in the trajectories have also caused some drag on the rate.  Universal automation q3 continues to grow at a rate of 2%, with plastics returning to growth; the generic 9-October purchase orders are small.
Recovering, with the introduction of new products and the introduction of organizational change ahead, it is expected that the generic plates will recover gradually, with an increase of 3 per cent, of which 655 million dollars, or 2 per cent, will be collected by q3 on a single season, with a flat acceleration ring, and the general automated Māori ratio is expected to rise overall.
Since September, with the gradual restoration of downstream investment confidence, general automaticization orders are expected to be restored, while new products from plc, cnc, are expected to lead to servile sales, new organizational changes are advancing, and generic plates are expected to open a new round of growth.
▪ Elevator operations remain resilient, with q3 maintaining a robust growth rate of 11%; Bestte maintains a high increase, but has a limited contribution, and is expected to complete 100% in November with further growth in industry performance. Elevator unit q1-3 collects 1,025 million, or 12%, of which q3 collects $405 million, or 11%, while the Māori rate is expected to increase slightly.
The three-quarterly report on the technology (300124) forecast: slower growth and cost pressures 718 million dollars, net profits calculated at around 80 million dollars, but value added by asset assessment after presentation
With the current cost, the net profit is small. The acquisition is now proceeding in an orderly manner, and it is expected to be fully consolidated and further enhanced in November.
▪ New energy vehicles are under heavy pressure, q1-3 q5 million, down 23%. The Hong Kong passenger cars are downsized, they're using a second-line vehicle, and they're moving ahead well. This year's dark before dawn. New talent this year: General Automation reflects the long run of Alpha, the short-term pressure of the electric car business.
This year’s rapid growth in the use of vehicles began, with the second line of cars growing rapidly, in the south-east, in cars and homes, and next year, including small pelicans, Hiroshima, and the Great Wall.
Review: Growth slowed in the second quarter, pending a 22% drop in Bethet, which is largely in line with expectations. The company published a three-monthly report in 2019, which generated operating income of $4.008 billion over the reporting period, an increase of 24.61 per cent over the same period, of which Bethette also presented a table of 718 million, after which the return was increased by 6.4 per cent;
The decline was largely influenced by Bethet, with a 41.3 per cent rate of Maori in the q3 synchronous after the impact, a 0.5 pct recovery, a 2 per cent low increase in general automation q3 revenue, and a recovery of the same 8 per cent increase in the emplastic machine; and a small resumption of the generic order in September-October, with the introduction of new products and organizational change driven by the prospect of a gradual recovery of high growth in the generic section as a whole.
Last year, the trade war affected the industrial sector from 18q3 onwards, with a slight recovery in q1 this year, and a 1.7 per cent rise in quarterly industrial controls, but q2 trade disputes continued to ferment, affecting confidence in manufacturing investment, and there was a slight rebound in the month, but pmi was still below the lines of glory: on the other hand, the Chinese-American trade friction began to break out in October.
In the light of trade easing, confidence in industrial-controlled downstream investment has gradually recovered. Billions of dollars, 2% more, equal acceleration loops, and general automation Māori rates are expected to pick up overall. By sub-products, there has been a marked increase in the Māori rate of serving, mainly the introduction of the new platform ' s product sv600 and the cost of manufacturing.
Effective control: plc is similar to the downstream of the server, and it is expected that there will be a drop in the number of digits. The generic version is expected to increase the overall Maori ratio by the same amount. From downstream, the downstream industries, such as cell phones, machine beds, tp, silicon crystal semiconductors, have experienced a significant decline, with a relatively large drag on the company ' s performance for the current period, with a downstream advanced system starting in September.
The manufacturing industry has recovered, and it is expected to improve downstream next year; however, the air conditioning refrigeration, lifting, textile, lithium power supply, printing bags, mechanics, etc., have performed well. 355 million, or minus 6%, of which q3 received $11 million, or + 8%, from 18q3 for electric fluids.
Since the fall, the quarterly upturn has been positive for the first time. The downswing of the sculptor is widespread and related to manufacturing power, and the upswing is a sign of a marked improvement in the downstream landscape.
Since the beginning of the year, as the downstream manufacturing climate cools and recovers and trade eases, confidence in downstream investment has recovered, corporate automation orders are expected to recover from the same, ring comparison, and general automation is expected to move out of the plc, cnc new product + organizational change is expected to drive a new round of growth. On the one hand, companies are expected to launch this year.
The new platform product sv600, the company has always positioned the server product as a core industrial automation product, and the new generation of servo products has significantly improved the competitiveness of the company ' s servo platform product: on the other hand, the company ' s new plc product ac800, which this year is expected to have a positive impact on the server; and, on the other hand, it received it two years ago.
The integration of business after buying German pa is beginning to show results, and it is hoped that by the end of this year, a pa platform-based cnc product will be launched that will form a servile + cnc solution that will further enhance the market share of companies. This year, corporate organizational change has continued, and the Department of General Automation has taken the lead in optimizing the overall architecture.
The new product + organizational change is expected to help the SWIA move out of a new round of high growth. Elevator operations remain resilient, with q3 maintaining a robust growth rate of 11%; Bethette is growing high, but Beth is growing.
The Hong Kong elevator operation maintained a two-digit high growth rate, with a small recovery in the Maori rate. 19 years of real estate start-up + the demand for old house improvements boosted the need for elevators, while company customers abroad continued to open up, company elevators I.
In the first three quarters of the system, steady growth was maintained, with a combined q1-3 escalator generating 1,025 million in 19 years, an increase of 12 per cent, of which 405 million, or 11 per cent, was collected in Camp O3; the Māori rate is expected to increase slightly in the same year, with the main beneficiaries benefiting from a fall in the price of raw materials and corporate control over the cost of manufacturing.
Bethette is expected to complete the overall portfolio in November, with limited profit growth due to the impact of the asset assessment value added. The q3 quarter returns 718 million won in July, yielding a profit of around 80 million, but the Betsett inventory, intangibles, fixed assets, etc. are assessed as value added, carry-over of asset value added, etc.
amortization and depreciation have increased the current cost, affecting net profits of over 10 million, and was approved unconditionally by the CVM early in November, with the expectation of further performance gains expected to be fully consolidated, while the negative impact on profits of O4 asset assessment value added is expected to diminish.
New-energy cars are under heavy pressure, q1-3 – 355 million – down 23%. Exchange-Rover passenger cars are downsized, second-line cars are on a second-line basis, and they are moving smoothly, and this year is the dark before dawn. The new-energy automobile industry has been affected by such factors as the fall of subsidies, and overall production has fallen short of expectations.
On a vehicle-by-car basis, 792,000 new energy vehicles were sold in January-September, +26.1 per cent in comparison, and 80 million new energy commercial vehicles were sold, 14.7 per cent in comparison with 14.7 per cent in comparison.
After completing the summer loading test, bulk delivery in the second half of the year, Utun’s product has been under pressure to reduce prices, and the Māori rate has declined significantly: there is a significant decline in the area of logistics vehicles. Overall, it is expected that the annual earnings of commercial vehicles and Māori rates will continue to decline significantly.
In the area of passenger cars, the Sinkuan began to grow rapidly after more than two years of sedimentation, and in 19 years it came mainly from the domestic second line, mainly Wilmas, which accounted for nearly 80% of the total, a small amount of which is southeast, and so on, q4 Willows, which are expected to continue to do so, and cars and homes (ideally) are starting to grow and are expected to grow at a high rate throughout the year. One of the company's passenger customers,
In general, the first three quarters of the new energy motor block were under greater pressure, both in terms of revenue and in terms of the Māori rate. The first three quarters of the track service increased by 135%, with an order of 920 million in hand, and intensive delivery began in 18. The track plate q1-3 received 300 million, an increase of 135%, of which q3 received $70 million, compared to 12%.
(b) In other areas, the number Ningbo 4 and 2 second towed system, the number Guiyang 2 I and II, the number 19h to the south transit 1 stage, the Qingjia 8 power unit project and the national trend continues. From the point of view of the order, the number 4 and 2 towed system continues.
By the end of 18, the company had a total of about 920 million orders. The orders confirmed each year for 19-21 years were 300-50 million, and the rate of increase is expected to more than double over the entire 19-year period. The trajectories sector is a market of 10 billion sizes, and the next three-year transmission rates are expected to decline and control the effect; however, there is an increase in expenditures, such as employee remuneration, and an increase in management costs; and financial costs are also expected to increase.
In addition, the value-added tax refunds received by companies have been declining steadily since 18 years, with cumulative tax refunds of $125 million in January-August 19 years, a decrease of 18.4 per cent from the previous year, which also has an impact on net profits for the current period.
Figure 9: 1.35 billion yuan for the period q1-3, compared to +29.27 per cent (millions) Improved cash flow, affecting the end of the asset. 562 million yuan was net cash flow inflows for the period 201.01-3 operating activities, an increase of 202.30 per cent over the same period, largely due to the higher discounting of bills in the current period; sales goods were sold
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board