The company's review report - the banking industry - the net interest gap continues to improve the quality of its assets - the Peace Bank (00001.sz)
Recently, the company released a quarterly report for 2019.
1. Net profits increased by 12.9 per cent over the same period, and profitability steadily increased
Deposits of $2.29 trillion, an increase of 7.4 per cent from the beginning of the year; loans of $2.05 trillion, an increase from the beginning of the year, benefited from an optimal asset-liability structure, wide net interest spreads among companies, and significant net interest-driven income contributed to the preparation of the present report.
The average daily balance of company interest-bearing assets was 3.3 trillion yuan in the first quarter of 2019, a decrease of 0.887 per cent. The small decline in interest-bearing assets was mainly influenced by the decline in central bank deposits, bill discounts, and inter-operative assets.
In the first quarter of 2019, corporate loans and advances averaged 1.97 trillion yuan per day, an increase of 4.68% over the same period, representing the share of interest-bearing assets.
The double growth in the share of individual loans and returns on corporate loans contributed to an improvement in the average rate of return on corporate assets. In the first quarter of 2019, the average rate of return on corporate interest-bearing assets was 5.19 per cent, an increase of 0.25 per cent compared to the previous quarter.
67.76 per cent, an increase of 3.19 percentage points in the same year; average cost of interest-bearing liabilities of 2.75 per cent, a decrease of 0.14 percentage points in the same year, and a further increase in cost advantages. 3) Net non-interest income increased by 25.3 per cent in the same year and the contribution of revenue increased
In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved a net non-interest income of $11,702 million, an increase of 25.3 per cent over the same year, and a net non-interest income of 36.0 per cent, an increase of 2.7 percentage points over the same period. The size and proportion of non-interest income, a net increase of $9,560 million in fees and commissions was realized in the same quarter, an increase of 11.24 per cent over the same period.
In the end of March 2019, the balance of corporate equity assets was $9,483 million, 13.9 per cent more than at the end of the previous year, and the balance of non-conservative property was $55,841 million, 3.8 per cent more than at the end of the previous year.
The total sales volume was $130 billion, three times that of the same period last year, with interest rate swaps amounting to $573 billion, an increase of 57.3 per cent over the same period, derivative transactions for surrogates amounting to $3.67 billion, an increase of 58.0 per cent over the same period, and the volume of sales of treasury-owned products registered for issue by the Silver Insurance Board amounting to $19.7 billion.
The dollar, where market share is in the top ranking; retail full-channel sales group insurance has achieved a cumulative net non-interest income of $873 million, a 40.6 per cent increase over the same period, followed by the revenue generated by “financial instruments measured at fair value and whose changes are accounted for in current gains and losses” as required by the new financial instruments guidelines.
Expenditures are accounted for as investment returns from interest income/expenditures. In the first quarter of 2019, the company realized investment returns of 2,571 million yuan, a 5.18-fold increase over the same period.) The value of the benefit restructuring and the disposal of problematic assets increased and the quality of assets continued to improve.
Since 2019, the company has further restructured its business structure to place more loans in better-quality retail operations, while continuing to restructure its stock assets, increasing the disposal of problematic assets, achieving sustained improvements in asset quality and further enhancing its ability to offset risk losses.
By the end of the quarter of 2019, corporate non-performing loans totalled $35,412 million, an increase of 1.5 per cent from the beginning of the year; (5) insisted on upgrading the “technology-led” business, accelerating the development of the aibank system.
Experiences, risk management, active exploration of research innovations and practical applications of cutting-edge technologies, significant promotion of new technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, block chains, etc. embedded in business scenes, and facilitation of bank transformation and upgrading in terms of products, services, platforms, etc., in the first quarter of 2019, on retail lines, full roll-out
Motion-a-plate construction, through enabling front-end business scenes such as a knowledge-base platform, a biometric platform, a business center platform, etc., is currently being explored or practiced in more than 40 business scenes such as credit cards, clients, customers, mobile cabinets, remote operations, etc.
Improvement of product and case libraries, combining visual, voice, text, image recognition, etc. Construction of 360° graphics platform for public clients, continuous upgrading of capabilities such as precision marketing, automatic approval, smart wind control; application of in-depth learning techniques to support checks, bills of exchange, promissory notes, etc.
Dozens of instruments are quickly and accurately identified, centralize, automate, and facilitate the recording and processing of paper information. Technology and business are more closely integrated, and the whole aibank system is accelerating.
“Leadering, retailing breakthroughs, publicizing” development strategies, sustained optimization of asset and liability structures, sustained improvement in asset end-of-end return rates, increased end-of-end cost advantages and a steady rise in net interest differentials; beneficiary operations.
Basics and stock elasticity, we give a “recommended” rating, forecast 2019-2021