Quarterly reviews: interest differentials have risen, asset quality continues to improve, net profit growth has increased rapidly, Peace Bank has issued a quarterly report, net gain of $7.4 billion, yoy has increased by 12.9 per cent, and it's all over last year.
In terms of asset quality, there has been further improvement. Consider the company’s dynamism in retailing, financial technology, and the power of client power in the context of the Peace Group.
“buy-in” investment proposals. Net gain of 1q2019 increased by 12.9 per cent: Peace Bank issued a quarterly report, 1q2019 generated $32.5 billion, yoy increased by 15.9 per cent, net gain of $7.4 billion and yoy increased by 12.9 per cent compared with 7.0 per cent in the last year.
1q2019 annualized roe 12.2%, an increase of 0.3 pct over the same period last year. Net interest income grew rapidly in the context of interest differential recovery, and non-interest income performed well: at the end of the income, the difference was raised in the context of the same ratio (a rise of .28 pct to 2.53% in the annual netting difference).
Net interest income rose by 11.2 per cent to $20.8 billion. The higher interest differential was attributable to higher asset-end lending ratios and 0.6 pct to 6.6 per cent loan yield of 1q2019, while the higher low-cost deposit ratios at the end of the liability and other liabilities (e.g. bonds, peers)
Cost rates have declined. In non-interest income terms, youy grew by 25.3 per cent to $11.7 billion, mainly because of a rapid increase in investment returns, and personal deposits were rapidly replenished: company retail operations were moving fast, as the quality of assets continued to improve, and the provision was increased: in terms of asset quality, 102019
Recognizing that, and with increasing technological strength, we look forward to the future development of the company, with the expected payment of "buy-in" (expected return; er), as follows:
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed prior to prior notice. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may prove that they are described in this report;@ by holding an opinion or standing, or by buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf, or on their behalf;@. This report is not used as a means of selling or encouraging customers to trade in the certificate mentioned in the report.