The Center for Resource and Environmental Research is looking for a smooth growth engine for the next decade. Short-term cost control + the introduction of new products for the economy, bringing back the volume of the package, and a return to the profitability of the company.
Once again, the power market is sunk, testing management's ability to understand and apply product and brand power. Full value chain branding, power company platforms are becoming brand masters' battlegrounds. The price range for the company's proposed economic products is between $8 and $10, and the target market can be expanded to a power provider at a single price of around $200.
The market is more in line with the higher proportion of products on the 3c digital, electricity, clothing, and so on. If the flow decides on the re-engineering of the logistics-power-to-power-to-line channel, it will be an important opportunity for companies to successfully transform into integrated logistics service providers.1 The core of the consumer-industry chain is moving from channels to marketing to branding.
Drivers, the creation and distribution of benefits from the plant-channel behind them will naturally change. 2 Quick-ships: Channels, Change-driven changes in the structure of the industry, reflected in zero-lifting, zero-loading. Current fast-carriage competition 1. Short-term performance pressures, long-term strategic resolve-
Undetermined, companies are expected to accelerate their integration into regional niche markets with stability of services and full net access.3 The same city, as the nodal point of the company's “last kilometre” layout of the supply chain, has fast 2. Short-term performance pressure, transformation of integrated logistics service providers
High synergies between operations such as transport, cold chains, and the combination of traffic and data acquisition can accelerate the pace of their deep-deeping cold chains - three-quarter reviews - and supply chain operations become operationally closed. The nature of the cold chain is a special segmented market supply chain, dissipating distance.
The closer they come, the lower the degree of standardization, the lower the product profile that determines the high-growth c-end is the present and b-end is the future. From a longer perspective, the arrival of the next technology cycle and the huge hardware purchases generated by technological evolution
The demand for investment in buying and infrastructure makes the b-way increasingly an important addition to the smooth business package, becoming an engine of medium- and long-term demand growth for the company.1 At different stages, we suggest that investors' key observations of the smooth business level evolve into: (now) power suppliers (2-3) fast shipments.
(over 3 years) Supply chain + business package. 2 Traditional businesses are challenged by new entrants, but have not yet reached the base.
The provinces around Orzhou Airport are entering a new phase of industrial optimization, industrial concentration, and, based on our findings, the company’s follow-up control results, the economy’s new product-scale effects, and the fast-tracking of Sun Chun Xu.
1. Demand structure analysis: when does a comfortable market demand erupt?
When we go over the growth path of a typical foreign integrated logistics supplier, we find that the U.S. and Japanese couriers have gone through a “manufacturing express, then consumer express” development that has profoundly affected the way business operates and logistics demand.
In contrast, the outbreak of the express delivery industry in my country has been associated with an explosive growth in the electricity industry. The high concentration of the population in the eastern part of the country, the redundant supply chain structure under the line, and the efficient distribution of goods in the context of the demographic dividend created the world’s largest electricity market. In 2018, the penetration rate of our electricity suppliers was high.
19.6%, twice as high as in the United States. Large market spaces and high medium-to-medium growth in the industry have generated a long-term industrial growth dividend for the Express. That is why the formerly higher product prices and market positioning have not significantly benefited them.
But when consumption enters the second half, the consumer value chain evolves through three stages driven by “marketing, channeling products, running brands.” Mapping to the electric market is reflected in the growing branding effect.
Of course, most investors are more concerned about the need to match the longer dimensions of the market’s positioning. We think that, compared to the medium-to-high end power market, we think that the power channel is going down the line.
The re-engineering of the road will be an important opportunity for smooth transition of integrated logistics service providers. And the next technology cycle will be accompanied by huge hardware purchases (including ai chips, sensors, cloud computing, etc.) that follow the technological evolution of “hardware innovation, software and services”
5g, and equipment and materials at the front end of the industrial chain, etc.) and infrastructure investment needs. At this stage, b-ports will gradually constitute an important increment to the smooth business package, which will support medium- and long-term demand growth. At different stages, we suggest that investors' focus on the smooth business level evolves into:
Electricity  (2-3 years) Express Transport (over 3 years) + Business. 1.1 The core of the consumer industry chain is being driven from channels, marketing to brands.
During this phase, the core links in the industrial value chain will change the bargaining power as the supply-demand relationship between the different links changes, and present a "production-driven channel-driven channel-driven change-driven brand-driven" scenario, in which the country's cosmetics, health-care products, etc., continue to be channelled and market-driven.
The trades of spices, dairy products, automobiles, etc. have evolved to a product-driven stage. The industry of white wine, home appliances, etc., has gradually moved to a relatively stable stage of brand-driven development, and the branding and channel advantages of leading firms have evolved into powerful moats that are difficult to imitate and replicate.
Of course, China’s current urbanization and real-estate cycle has exacerbated the division of income and wealth between different regions. It is the high growth of the tax-free sector and the multiplicity of market sunks that now China “consumes good logistics services that enable good brands to be understood and purchased by consumers more quickly.
Brand, in essence, is a valuable “social credit” – good products are consumed repeatedly, shaped into good slogans, brand power. Brand power, in turn, is an important driver of the rapid acceptance of new products by users. Logistics services, understood as part of the social contract created by product delivery, are delivered within.
There are two main components: specific products and brands. Brands represent social credit, while specific products are every specific social contract, and good social credit makes social contracts more efficient, friction costs.
1.2 Channel re-engineering has reached a critical point, and the “customer-top” re-engineering of the supply chain. Changes in the core links in the industrial value chain at different stages of consumption will result in changes in the capacity of the industry value chain to negotiate, which will depend on the distribution of commercial credit relationships.
In a sense, the focus on the production chain is centred on branding, but there is a greater difference from previous production, where the value of clients is elevated to unprecedented heights, where first-hand customer demand data are available, and where firms that continuously improve production and services through data analysis will be at the heart of the value chain.
The increased bargaining power of brands has made it a matter of streamlining channels and improving the efficiency of the flow chain, as we have seen in a number of industries, the re-engineering of the Heel Group's organizational structure, the management of market balances at the agent level by the United States Group's “beautiful cloud” system, and the consolidation of the supply chain by Mi.
This trend, we believe, will be reflected in: 1. Connect the flow of information from the end of production to the end of procurement, achieve effective control over end-sourcing and channel stocks, and drive production in demand.
2. Reduces the stock level in the industrial chain and reduces redundant storage and operating costs. Roe ' s upscaling is gradually shifting from leverage-driven (channels and marketing) to asset turnover (operational efficiency) and net interest rates (brand advantage).
The model is understood as the most comprehensive control of the channel by the manufacturer, but China’s particular economic geography and differential human density make it difficult to develop a straight-up model. But, as the supply chain capacity and coverage of the enterprise increases, the agent’s distribution function (i.e., warehousing logistics) will gradually weaken, resulting in a reduction in the channel hierarchy.
Changes in the operating environment have led to the end of the competitive pattern. The time has passed, and the fittest survives. Changes in the bargaining power of the value chain in the consumer sector have had an impact on the logistics sector, as follows: 1. Customer demand: timeliness of transport, increased requirements for transport stability.
2. Business model: warehousing and trade supply chain-style business model valuations go down. Currently, the main profit model of the company is mainly one heavy asset-type business model, primarily generating production capacity such as warehousing.
Higher money; 2 light asset-type business models, mainly earning price differentials and spreads, serve as “lubbers” up and down the industrial chain. We believe that supply chain connectivity implies the harmonization of many of the functions of the channel with inputs.
Fund-raising and management, leading to a reduction in the hierarchy of channels and the weakening of related functions, will suppress the development space of traditional logistics companies. 3.it materials will be a central advantage of supply chain operations.
Preconditions for driving production are more sensitive to perceived changes in demand. Firms with high capacity choose to build their own logistics systems to provide supply chain connectivity, and now have large, separate packages in America and Haile, and full access to agents, distributors, and stores.
With the help of third parties, or their own distribution systems, there is also a need to fully open storage logistics, and the manufacturing transformation of 1.3 per cent of high-value commodities will drive up the proportion of “new retailing” into business models, such as combining online data with off-line scenarios.
When innovation in models slows down, efficiency gains depend on technological and hardware innovation. The stability of artificial algorithms depends on the accuracy of data and the ability to process complex data quickly, the hardware and even the base.
On the other side of the Pacific Ocean, Google is developing artificial intelligence acceleration chips tpu and image processing ipu, etc.; on the other side of the Pacific, Ali is developing artificial intelligence acceleration chips ali-npu, etc. So, from a technology cycle perspective, we are in the old technology cycle (mobile Internet cycle)
Each cycle is often accompanied by an evolution of “hardware innovation leads, software and services follow.” So, on the eve of the technology cycle, huge hardware purchases (including ai chips,
Sensors, cloud computing, 5g, equipment and materials at the front end of the industrial chain, etc.) and infrastructure investment needs. Of course, new technologies will also upgrade traditional industries, first using artificial intelligence to improve organizational efficiency, and then create business models, with dividends. For example, manufacturing will upgrade products through big data.
In our view, the medium- and long-term impact of technology cycle rotations on the logistics industry is reflected in the rise in demand, miniaturization and high-value industries such as precision instruments, machinery, medicine and finance.
In our view, the magnitude of the impact of artificial intelligence on changes in different industries depends on which industry can produce the data that can be used for machine learning, which will depend on the subject matter of industry data.
Differences in calibration, precision, structuralisation, etc. The basis for the changes that will be taking place in the above sector is that: (a) there is sufficient profit space in the industry to apply the value of innovation in new technologies; (b) the logical judgement is sufficiently large to increase the efficiency of the industry; (c) the information process is sufficiently advanced.
High-value industries are willing to pay higher prices for high-speed, high-quality express delivery services, and the resulting variation in demand is increasing.
The more obvious it is. Delivery products with different speeds and value-added services will provide a competitive advantage for delivery firms.
2.1 Why the current introduction of economic products The boom in business sector markets, which had sunk twice in 2013 and 2017. Differences in market positioning and time-frame advantages, built up a comfortable brand advantage. But the other side of the brand is price pricing.
Market-recognized high-end brands are a great advantage for businesses - reasonably, under brand power, they set different product lines and price products reasonably, ultimately maximizing income and profits, testing management's understanding and ability to use product and brand power. But too low pricing, in the long run, is a good way to do things.
After that, traditional under-line brands gradually replaced brands and became the top 10 sales of all types. In the 2013 electricity market, comparative advantages stem from low-quality taxes, as well as from the direct and long-distance movement of some commodities.
In 2013, Shun Feng launched the “Equator Advantage” service, which weighs first $8 on the same city, $9 on the inside and $10-17 on the outside. In the same year, the industry as a whole had a price of $16 and an average of $9 on the whole.
Branding advantages are difficult to demonstrate, and the excess capacity behind the straight-up model makes it difficult to achieve success when it comes to attacking the main field. Indeed, intergenerational shifts in the electricity industry in our country are accompanied by a division of demand.
Phase I: low prices, abundance of goods (Long-tail + Low-price, tail age). This phase, low prices, is mainly due to low-quality low-taxes, as well as to the direct movement of some goods over long distances. Behind this is tax exemption for individual households, low-cost and flow demand for absolutely low prices.
Phase II: branding, self-incubation of own brands, underline branding. At this stage, power suppliers integrate the supply chain, using size advantages to reduce the flow chain, and create moats, such as Ali's official flag shop, Kyoto's source of goods, and brand authorization for the collection of beauty products.
At this stage, consumer needs and channels tend to be fragmented. Faced with the tendency to rebalance underline, the business of traditional power giants, such as Ali and Kyundong,
The logic is also evolving, moving from a gmv-led to a finely engineered growth path, with full value chain-enabling brands and power-marketing platforms becoming brand-run players. According to the China New Consumption Trends Report 2018, Skycats account for 31 per cent of the total sales of new products in the Skycats, and have also become one.
It's a 2019 core strategy for Skycats. In 2018, the number of new items on the line went up to 75 million in 2018, contributing 62% of new items gmv and 35% of the total gmv, and more leading businesses are choosing to launch new items online.
Chart 7: The share of new items at the Cyclops is much higher than the average, and the ratio rises to figure 8: the price of new items is more than twice the rate of sales of the Cyclops (the Cyclops). Prices are set in line with the positioning and branding of easy products. The price of goods from the Cyclops is higher than the price of a passenger unit, the average cost of a delivery is $5-6, and the price of a unit/package is less than 3%.
The price of a single ticket in excess of $15 per unit, the unit price of a guest/package is calculated at 3%, and the price of a single ticket is more than $500 to match the cost of distribution. Correspondingly, if the single price is set at around $8-10, the price of a single ticket is calculated at 3% of the unit price/package price.
The target market could be expanded to a market of approximation of 200 dollars per unit price, more in line with the higher proportion of first-time items such as 3c numbers, home appliances, clothing, etc. Figure 10: High penetration on line, with a higher proportion of first-time items on line 11: The price of first-time items on the Sky Cat 11 has remained above $200 in recent years
2.2 If we sink into the electricity market, we can expect to contribute a significant increase in profits. If we sink into the electricity market, we can expect to contribute a significant increase in profits.
1) Market space: In 2018, the express delivery business was 50.71 billion items, while the battery package was about 110 million pieces per day, about 80% of the total delivery. At the same time, we assumed that the single price of the Skycat platform was about 1.5 times the price of the treasure, and that the price of the private stock in Kyoto would be around 1/2 times the price.
About 1.2 times as much as the Kyoto Pop platform, 20% of the Kyoto Open Platforms and Skycats use warehouse distribution and 80% use the Web Express mode.
10,000 per day and 20.5 million per day. According to Ali ' s published gmv, it is expected that the price of the flyer ' s platform will be about 1.5 times the price of the treasure, or the main battleground where the boom market is sinking. 2) Core assumption: Shunfung will be on top of the top consummation, power vendor preferences, power vendor speed distribution, power vendor-specific distribution.
When the calibre changes to the economy, we assume that the economy is included in the network express package at an average cost of 15 yuan per item, about 1.36 billion pieces of the economy based on a 18-year economic performance income measure, representing a ratio of nearly 18 years of smooth delivery and nearly 18 per cent of the combined Māori rate of 19q1, taking into account the presence of new operations such as heavy cargo, cold transport, etc.
There's a certain loss in the lower Māori rate, and the “loading” effect of the newly introduced preferential power provider has resulted in lower marginal costs. We assume a 20 per cent Māori rate and a 12 per cent (18 years, 3) profit elasticity for the period: on the basis of the above assumptions, we move forward with a profit elasticity after the booming down of the market for the sunk power provider.
Measuring, based on a neutral assumption, 18 years, the net profits of the company would be enhanced by the addition of a new network power source. 3. Fast-moving: changes in the commercial flow drive logistics, to be connected to the regional zero-load network, short-line 3.1: household power has moved into the streamlined channel phase, home or will be connected
The “third-rate” of streamlined access to the consumer is the current and future of the household power industry. We observe that in the area of large furniture/household power, the white power, represented by air conditioning, is integrated through intense price warfare.
When branders are at the heart of the industry’s value chain, the benefits of the plant-channel creation and distribution that is behind them will change. We observe that, at present, Hale in the domestic electricity industry has achieved retail sales in a door shop.
Examination of its own sales personnel and direct direction of retailing by the manufacturer; the fair-to-the-face distributors retain only investment functions, but the sole responsibility for managing the store lies with the company’s sales personnel.
The depth of integration with the supply chain will be a reflection of the firm’s competitiveness. The integration of small and medium brands in storage, rent, etc. will be sufficient to offset the cost advantage of eliminating the tap in the manufacturing process.
Compared to the current streamlined and efficient retailing phase, the residential sector is still in a phase where it needs to sink the market. This part of the demand will be the focus of the next phase in the “silo” model, which is represented by clothing, fast-out, agricultural products, fresh food, and so on.
The distribution of demand for goods and the (production end) small-loading of delivery needs, along with a production- and channel-centred “promotion” model, have evolved towards a “pull-up” model with consumers as “centres of power”, with planned, mass-specific logistics delivery models shifting towards a more flexible and agile mode.
To summarize their demand characteristics, it was found that in product end-end fragmentation, non-standardization, products tend to have the characteristics of decentralized production, that product differentiation and scale effects are not sufficient to create high competitive barriers, and that it is more appropriate for logistics firms to intervene and integrate industrial chains.
Figure 19: Integration of data forecasting, increased agility and increased demand for integrated logistics service providers
"Customers have no patience, the weather may change temporarily, and we need a faster supply chain response to adapt to this change.
“Online platform sales are very frequent and very large, and pre-dating is more difficult to predict than traditional channels.” The number of skus increases the symmetry of supply chain directors, food production.
“We're more than 10,000 sku, we're fast, we're very complex in demand forecasting, and there's a lot of stock pressure.
“We only started introducing automated data collection in 2016, with limited demand analysis and guidance on the number of shipments.” Supply Chain Minister, Dairy Production Liquid
The lack of consumer-end information, the inability to ensure that the data from HQ can be collected up to the level 1 distributor, the lack of access to secondary distributors and porters, the lack of access to inventory data for producers of daily goods, the fact that the main distribution channels at all levels/silos of the enterprise are still the traditional distribution mode, we don't have 100 wholesales, and we don't get a lot of retail data.
The data is not transparent, the inventory is not co-ordinated, the Supply Chain Vice-President, the Industrial Producers, and, "The current analysis of demand forecasts is dynamic, we've tried to introduce an analysis system, but the existing conventional system is very difficult to satisfy cold-chain teaching.
There's not enough team-building and capacity-building.
"There are very few internal ionizing teams, even if there's no data left to analyze." Supply chain director, food producer.
In a longer dimension, high-end manufacturing as a result of manufacturing changes tends to be more complex in their supply chain processes, and the demand for large-scale tickets, such as a car, rises. Channel changes drive the evolution of the industry’s structure, in the form of zero loads and small votes:
1. The development of logistics systems has accelerated the rise of power channels such as home-based and home-based appliances. The development of power lines at the end and efficiency levels and logistics systems has led to a reduction in the transport costs of large commodities, the promotion of electricity suppliers ' channels. 2. Streamlined channels. The weakening of distributor functions has led to the fragmentation of large tickets and a decline in regional network markets.
Connecting the flow of information from the end of production to the end of procurement, reducing the level of stock in the industrial chain, and implying the fragmentation of zero-load tickets; integrating channel functions and lowering the cost of the channel means that branders are becoming more involved in the terminal market and that the agent ' s distribution function (i.e. warehousing logistics) will gradually be weakened.
3. The complex economic geography and the cyclical stages of the development of different product groups determine the size of the full-network market, but a large proportion of the specialized and regional markets will continue to exist, but further increases in service stability and full-network access are required.
Changes in the demand structure, requiring express delivery firms to follow the line in the layout of the fast-moving industry, are: first small weights (integrator market), then large weights (integrator zero loads, full loads) and in the direction of integration from express to express shipments, and the bottom 3.2 full-network fast-carrying enterprises - the concentration is not low.
In 2017, the country’s zero-load logistics market was 1.3 trillion yuan (50 trillion dollars for a small ticket and 800 billion dollars for a large ticket) and the entire car industry was about 3 trillion dollars. If the zero-load market is 1.3 trillion dollars, then the industry’s leading city is just as large.
For about 1%, the industry as a whole is fragmented in terms of “large industries, small players,” which may not be the case if we further divide the segmented markets of the zero-weight industry. The segmented markets of the three tiers of the zero-weight industry include specialized lines, regional networks, and national networks.
According to the logistics figure, the country ranked as a fast-trading network business in 2018, with the tenth largest amount of revenue crossing speed in the range of $1 billion, and it can be roughly assumed that the size of the national network should be below $100 billion.
By looking at regional networks, given the distribution of national networks, economies such as the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, and the developed regions of manufacturing, are more competitive. After cutting out these provinces, we estimate regional networks through typical regional networks.
We expect the market size of the regional network to be around $100 billion. Taken together, we expect the composition of the zero-share market to be around $100 billion, a national network of around $100 billion, a regional network of $100 billion, or more than $900 billion.
State and Shunfeng have reached 12% and more than 8% of the market in the national network market, with industry concentration at 3.3% of the battle: the pk with the regional zero-weight enterprise has been assigned to the regional zero-weight enterprise and the national network under the traditional distribution model.
In general, the main sources of zero-loaded goods for regional networks can be divided into two categories: short-distance transport of goods in and out of the province.
Regional network enterprises rely on their strategic network layout and networks, which are well developed and have network depth and cost advantages. The disadvantage is that most regional network zero-load enterprises, because of their regional limitations, do not have a standardized product and operating system, and the mode of delivery often follows the source.
There are also some businesses that have broken through the limits of individual provinces, representing one metre of the industry. We see that the players in these two markets are becoming increasingly permeable, unlike the electric couriers.
The overall pattern of competition and the scope for integration in the fast-moving sector remains uncertain. In our view, companies need a clear strategic approach, team and implementation: 1. Speed + capital, horizontal expansion takes over the market: the low- and medium-end fast-carrying market is currently yet to be integrated, and the sender is yet to be integrated.
Brands and services: Effective brand endorsements are essential, but do not necessarily require “suffering” brands for market penetration. Brand power is often at odds with brand expansion capacity (product diversification). Companies need to redefine products and product categories if they are to be able to play a low-sized role in fast-moving markets.
3. Top-level architecture and management models: The market at the lower and middle end places more emphasis on price advantages on the basis of a time frame that guarantees basic services and stability. Networks in the form of alliances operate with the advantages of a fast-opening network and good regulatory capacity, but they also test the ability of companies to balance their networks.
Enhancing customer/associate stickyness: The fast-moving scene is more diverse than the express delivery, with financial capture and interaction with infrastructure effectively enhancing customer stickyness. In March 2018, companies acquired 71 per cent of the shares of the new state and created a “spiritable Quetta” sub-brand.
The way in which alliances take over low- and medium-level markets quickly. The integration of acquisitions, and the different ways in which management behaves, and the balance of interests, is a major test of what is needed in order to get ahead of it.
According to press reports, the company has recently adapted its organizational structure to a smooth pace, and we look forward to seeing the integration of a smooth pace.
4.1 The convergence point of the new retailing, the starting point of the supply chain, can be divided into comb delivery and instant logistics. In recent years, local life, represented by the United States, or hungry, o2o, has been largely completed for consumers (end of c) and restaurant owners, with little or no output.
Market education for shopkeepers (end-of-line) users has rapidly expanded the congested distribution market. Over the past five years, the industry has grown rapidly at an average annual compound growth rate of 58.0 per cent, with 2.7 trillion market sizes in 2017, the world’s largest.
At present, the industry has largely formed a competitive pattern between American conglomerates and hungry people. For couriers, it is difficult to meet the prescription requirements if a centralized transit model is used by traditional large couriers, because of the higher timeliness of matchmaking.
Express delivery companies need to “decentralize” and reconnect when entering the same city. At the same time, economies of scale are premised on obtaining sufficient business flows, which, in the context of low industry entry thresholds and competition, will further test the ability of express delivery firms to handle the flood peak valley, and the ability of businesses to organize them.
On the basis of the above analysis, we do not believe that the wealth of existing resource endowments and competitive advantages is evident in this area. But, from a business card perspective, we believe that matching with the city is a business battle that cannot be abandoned.
Synergy: Demand for food and snacks, represented by raw/food, is usually very frequent and time-bound, and is the main type of common-city distribution. In a sense, the same-city distribution business is the “last kilometre” of the raw-carrying and cold-chain operations.
2. Proactiveness: flow and data accumulation. The end-to-end shop turnover dividend, based on the user ' s experience of the economy, is gradually becoming the main position for new retailing. In this process, the combination of line-to-line flow and data acquisition can result in a business-to-door closure of the booming cold chain and supply chain operations. Business-to-business access to the entire channel.
The demand for customers and liquidity makes peer-to-town matching a business landscape that must be developed. Unlike traditional logistics’ end-to-end modes of transport, immediate logistics distribution requires an effective match-up between traders, takers, and consumers within 0.5-1 hours, and the complexity of the technology is no less complex.
Three kilometers, the main battleground for immediate distribution, where Shun Fong is a latecomer. In time, it's an efficient logistics industry, and it's a great quest for time, and it turns out to be sufficiently intelligent.
According to AIDS data, the number of new retail orders distributed by hummingbirds in the fourth quarter of 2018 increased by 185 per cent over the second quarter, and the number of orders distributed by the United States to new retail businesses increased by 117 per cent.
Consider it a range of immediate distribution services. When competitors from the Internet use their ecological resources to intervene in easy-to-coastal distribution markets, it is necessary to break down the potential threat by intervening in each other’s dominant markets and to integrate the markets of their competitors into their own ecclesiastical circles.
The most important difference between instantaneous distribution and express delivery logistics is that it is time-bound and local. According to the Institute, more than 85% of orders on the 2017 United States Platform can be completed in 45 minutes. Because of the no-interlink service mode, riders can quickly complete the business from the point of business to the end of the list.
The Feds are selling the rest at $40 per unit, and according to the information we've learned from our research, it's McDonald's, Ray's and others who have a single price of $50 or more, and the product pattern is mostly collected.
A new retail business of drinking, stand-alone brands, clothing, and the like. With a high degree of consumer acceptance at the level of quality and timeliness of services, and as the brand becomes neutral as a whole, this segment of the comptoirs distributes through easy delivery in their own small programs, apps, and delivery operations.
Based on the company’s ever-expanding inter-city prescription and its deep involvement in the new retail sector, we believe that companies will increase their operations in such sectors as take-out (brandsmen), clothing, medicine, etc., which are currently competing with the United States Corps and hungry.
For the entire year of 2018, the sum of RMB 1 billion/+172.2 per cent of Shunfong's business was collected, and based on our field studies, the price of Shunfong's share of the city was roughly $8-10 per unit, while in 2018 the company was about 8,000-one-day. This is not so much a difference from the distribution of 30-60 single-day US Legion salesmen.
In other words, the traditional express logistics, which can be used to keep up loading rates, can be used to keep up. It has high requirements for timeliness, stability, temperature control, etc.
But, for instant logistics, the integration of its power requires more optimization through technology algorithms, so that its cost-side drops tend to be more smooth. So, we expect that a smooth distribution of revenues will not be likely to fall significantly.
On the cost side, we assume that the average monthly income should be no less than the average salary of a smooth courier. We assume that the cost of transportation is about 0.4 times that of a human cost (the ratio of labour to transport of couriers is roughly 5:5).
Research and development, with a cumulative investment of around 120 million dollars. We assume that the cost of customer service, depreciation of fixed assets, etc. remain constant. We judge that the rate of growth of the distribution staff should gradually shrink from that of the average daily single, given the constant optimization of the company ' s route and transport capacity (traditional delivery with city vs).
Immediate distribution services have become an inevitable trend in business by connecting online and offline sales, creating short-distance logistics systems, and solving the problem of comb distribution in traditional distribution services. We estimate that company-to-city matching operations are expected to achieve a profit/loss balance in 2023. Currently, electricity retailers have expanded their own ownership.
Ecogramming, where the biosphere erodes each other. Complimentation itself, under the constraints of a lack of flow gene, requires accelerating synergies between its new and traditional operations, building logistics-based ecosystems. 5. Cold-chain industries: in essence, a special segmented market supply chain.
5.1 Current situation: The effects of channel size are not evident, as they result from the “highly dispersed” distribution of productive land and a differentiated climate in both upstream and downstream, which has resulted in a large variety of fresh products in the country, thus determining the market distribution and distribution of agricultural products in China and the “country-wide sale” of small-scale farmers.
At the same time, sales in the downstream b end of the agro-trade market account for more than 70%, the spread of shops has limited their size, and China’s rich dietary culture has led to high demand for fresh varieties and freshness among consumers.
The highly dispersed nature of the upstream and downstream sector creates a “multilevel, long cross-section” of the industry’s supply chain as a whole. In a sense, the channels take the lead because of the low value of the produce and the low entry threshold.
The low capacity for risk makes it natural that more layers and more numbers of middlemen are needed to share the risk, thus generating negative feedback effects on the efficiency of the channels.
Usually, the less efficient the flow chain, the more asymmetrical information is transmitted, and the more space is available for Internet technology adaptation. But the combination of instantaneous consumption, low value of a single product, and high transport loss and depletion of the chain hinders the increase in the penetration rate of its power suppliers.
And that is why almost all attempts on raw power suppliers require constant pre-positioning and proximity to consumers. In this process, the gap between the online channel (extor/shower) and the offline channel (catering/supermarket/grouping) is blurring, creating a so-called “new retail” model.
The characteristics of the regressions, we believe that the essence of the re-engineering of the supermarkets, electricity channels, etc., for the raw and cold chain of industry is to increase the efficiency of the agricultural batch market, to produce large-scale collections, to industrialize production and labour, and to standardize delivery services, thereby producing greater scale and efficiency gains in the flow chain.
F2b supply chain mode Direct production end and end customer Figure 33: Procuring + Acquisition, Supplying semi-finished goods, Downstream multi-channel sales Infinity Logistics + Third Party Logistics
5.3 Developments are not instantaneous, c-end is immediate, b-end is the future, and the biggest difference in the cold chain is the need to provide delivery services, the value-added services of the cold chain are related to the distance of consumers, and the closer the consumer is to the existence of the value (and the corresponding degree of standardization).
The high-growth c-end is the present: the cost of investing in the cold chain is high for the raw electricity provider itself. The three tracks of the fresh and fresh transport are: main line transport, warehousing and home allocation, storage logistics costs for raw products.
In 2018, industry unicorns announced daily profits in one-line cities. Daily beauty is a typical pre-construction model, and we use daily beauty.
For example, we split the profit model. In the calculation, we assumed that the sales of the silos were 800,000 yuan per month (close to $10 billion in 2018, with ownership of the pre-silos, 23 per cent gross Maori and 3 per cent lost (30 per cent gross domestic product, living income as a proportion of the income).
We expect to make a profit without taking into account headquarters costs. But, with the human costs of the total of more than 3,000 employees and the amortization of the costs of building urban logistics centres, we expect to be excellent every day.
The cost of self-constructed cold storage and the purchase of cold trucks is a huge burden for raw-food suppliers, but most vertical-type producers are still predominantly self-constructed, while most of the integrated-power providers are self-constructed with outsourcing.
In our view, the reasons are: (i) as noted above, most of the products are non-standard, vertically constructed by self-constructs, which reduce the rate of loss and depletion of the controlled supply chain and increase the stickyness of users; and (ii) for integrated power suppliers, the variety of raw products, the level of self-built inputs, and the overall directness is clearly not economical.
At present, a well-chained, integrated, fresh and cold distribution network can support a smooth border-line adjustment. As the first logistics company in the country to set up a national cold-chain network, there is an absolute advantage in the coverage of cold-chain networks, which can provide integrated cold chains, including warehousing, trunkline transport, and distribution in an integrated system.
Services. There are not many third-party cold-chain logistics companies in the market that can provide suitable services, and the range of service prices, range of distributions, and options for cold-chain operations to meet the requirements are narrower. Moreover, existing independent cold-chain logistics networks are more productive, supply- and market-integrated or self-supporting within a given region.
Self-contained, and national cold-chain logistics systems, such as the Elgo Network, have sought out third parties many times, and we judge that the increase in the share of power suppliers, supermarkets, etc., will raise the volume of fresh and cold-chain operations in the express delivery, zero-load mode, but the scale effect will be difficult to demonstrate unless there are single-sku charges.
The reason for this is that cold chain logistics is, in essence, a relatively personalized third-party logistics service, with individualized delivery requirements that are difficult to standardize fast delivery to respond to the needs of customers in different categories of goods and in different segmented markets. Similarly, it is difficult to take on a national network if the total volume of goods is not large enough.
The central kitchen is represented by a distribution channel with an intensive production and standardized delivery feature, and the volume of goods to be transported is at the cost of a national network. Correspondingly, a cold-chain whole vehicle can provide a service to the cold warehouse through standard products, creating economies of scale. Watching the customer structure of Svsco in the United States, too.
At present, the bottom-of-the-line catering supply chain companies play differently, but their commonality is to strengthen controls over supply chains and upstream sources, and we believe that there are some network effects, i.e., the users and the effects of the use, both upstream and downstream of the industry chain.
Figure 38: Sales at Sysco's restaurant are above 60%. 6. Traditional business: challenges but not yet fundamentals
Throughout the 18-year period, RMB 53,360 million/+14.3 per cent of the revenue from SCF operations has been maintained in recent years at a rate of between 2 and 2.5 times the gdp growth rate, maintaining a steady growth trend. On the economic front, the investment in the land network has accelerated, while strengthening the network ' s express transport system, responding to the needs of large clients.
As a traditional cash cow business, the branding effect of a booming and continuing heavy capital input and a straight-line model has created barriers to industry entry. But in recent years, Kyoto has become a newcomer.
Gradually, personal bulk services have been opened up in second-line cities, and access to circulars, etc., has been either new brands or new lines of business, leading to high-value medium- and high-end delivery markets. But, in our view, it is difficult for Kyoto and Tonto to pose a substantial threat to their traditional business.
First, the essence of brand power is to capture consumers’ minds. Customer demand in business-based markets is more time-sensitive and less price-sensitive. The straight-line model and the constant investment of heavy assets create a deep moat for comfort.
Second, on the strategic layout, the current pattern of competition in the electronics express market is still burning, with rookies increasing efficiency in the industry, as well as investing in equity and entering the board of directors.
We believe that, from loose organizational structures to strategic alliances based on equity, Ali’s involvement in the Tung Da enterprise is growing, and that is naturally Ali’s tactical preparedness. But, in any case, the bonding with Ali is gradually deepening, if the commercial market is to be used as a market.
In October 2018, Kyoto Logistics officially launched a personal courier operation to complete its logistics version. As a courier with retail genes, Kyoto Logistics uses a “silo-matching model” for logistics.
Distribution, which was designed from the very beginning to serve the 3c, home appliances and other categories of items owned by Kyoto. Products are easily standardized, single-species are explosive, enabling Kyoto to make a more accurate forecast of sales based on existing data accumulation, so that the goods can be placed in the warehouse in advance.
At present, 135,000 Shun Fong employees, consisting mainly of handouts and handouts. Even if only one-tenth of the succulent workforce is recruited, the cost of a single staff member would be more than $1.1 billion.
In our view, if Kyoto is to complete the transition from a business-flow advantage to a logistics advantage, it needs to: (a) improve the collection chain to ensure a high response mechanism for the previous package; (b) improve the construction and configuration of the transit centre; and (c) improve the attractiveness of the “silo-matching” model for third-party traders and balance the distribution excellence of the Kimeton battalion with that of the third-party vendor.
In fact, even the Amazon, which built its own logistics, the only link in its control of logistics is the construction of its own large storage logistics operations centre, while the last kilometer of distribution is outsourced to a third-party logistics company. Of course, Kyouta, who knows how to play the Internet, does not necessarily take it by playing cards and playing high-profile.
Market share. Indeed, there is no such precedent in the history of courier commerce. The dhl, founded in 1969, took the lead in globalization and became the only provider of overnight international couriers in the 1970s, but failed several attempts to re-enter the United States market since 2003.
In a dynamic business perspective, Ozhou Airport and cooperation with Iron General are also further strengthening the smooth playing field. The Ozhou Airport locates cargo hubs to cover about 90% of China’s economy within 1.5h, further increasing the competitive advantage of flexibility. Moreover, with Memphis cargoes,
The airport is different, the Wuhan waterway, the highways are well developed, and the high-iron stations are reserved, and it is hoped that they will be built into a multi-modal intermodal transport hub. Hondo has now established a joint venture with the National Railways Authority, which will further deepen the railway reform in the future with the cost advantage of rail and iron transport (the country’s rail cargo costs are around the road).
One third of freight prices and the main line advantage will further tighten up the company's transport between 400km and 800km.
7. Long-cycle perspective: what are the dimensions of manufacturing change and corporate-competitive weapons? 7.1 Manufacturing transformations in most enterprises have been successful as a natural, human-friendly product, especially as a result of logistics services
The sex industry. Fedex’s success may be attributed to its brilliant hub-based concept of a radiological aviation network, but we believe that it was more the result of the transformation of the US economy at the time. The rise of high-tech industries in the US in the 1970’s led to a few transformations with changing times and changing market demand.
One is that China is going through a transition from rapid to high-quality economic development.
There are still some downside pressures on the country’s macroeconomics, but this is also the pain that reform must endure. We believe that, over the past two decades, China’s manufacturing industry has not only achieved a rapid growth in volume, but has also given China a complete manufacturing system.
In addition, China and the United States are competing in science and technology, which are the core demands of both parties. In the future, China will probably be able to reach an agreement on industrial subsidies, mandatory technology transfer, etc.
In the past few years, China’s central and western region has experienced a process of attracting new industries and competing for talent.
Middle- and high-end manufacturing, represented by semiconductors, electronic components, communications equipment, etc., is gradually taking place in central cities, where the North is an important base for the production of telecommunications equipment, with a national base for the optical electronics industry, the Hanqin Valley, while the East Winds group represents automobile manufacturing, and the nine-states-based retailing of medicines, etc.
We have focused further on the five central provinces, where we have found that the income share of the coal, steel, chemical industries, etc., has declined in the five central provinces, with cars, electrical equipment, electronics, etc.
In our view, the concentration of new manufacturing industries is closely linked to local resource endowments such as infrastructure, industrial infrastructure, and scientific research. And the changing geography of the industry’s structure is bound to change.
The demand for China’s express delivery market has an important impact. 7.2 One of the competing weapons: the Okhu State Airport Air Logistics is characterized by high transport costs per unit, but with a high time frame.
Auzhou Airport is an important air freight hub project. By design scale and volume of operations, it can be predicted that the value of sophisticated instruments and pharmaceutical products can be more than ten times that of ordinary manufacturing products.
In 2025, 245.2 million tons of cargo and passengers and 1 million tons of passenger traffic were projected: 765.2 million tons in 2045, and 15 million in 2045. The airport will be built to be a follow-up to the United States port of ups, the Memphis Federal Express.
Then there is another super-cargo hub around the world, and the world’s fourth and first Asian aviation logistics hub, the 1.5-hour flight circle of the Orient airport, which covers 90% of the country’s total economy. The reason why the airport is located in Orzhou is:
1) Covers a large population density and is geographically superior for the development of multimodal transport. The difference in population density between the east and west of the country has led Oblast, although not on the “Black River-Stamp” line, to a significantly wider population density.
In 2013, the city government actively developed a power shop base in Yuzhou.
In a short period of three years, it has become a large logistics block, represented by Pros, Verón, Orient Logistics, and China's Cold Chain Port, and a large warehouse block, represented by the Trade-only Club, Suning, and Carrefour. A good power-market base will develop in conjunction with a smooth-facilitator business.
In addition, as we have mentioned above, a group of medium- and high-end manufacturing industries are gradually rising in central cities, and the North Province is gradually taking over from China’s new industries, which continue to grow geographically and deeply, into industrial optimal, industrial, and 3 policies. In the government’s 2017 report, it is clear that the year 2017 will be the year of implementation.
Yearly aircraft take off in Ozhou and become the target of the "Aviation Metropolis." It is estimated that, after the Shunfung Airport Project, 200,000 jobs will be created, with an annual tax of $20 billion, gdp is expected to reach $200 billion and, together with Wuhantian Airport, will form a dual nuclear hub for the international transport of passengers in Wuhan.
In our view, the strategic significance of Australasia Airports for smoothness is as follows: Increasing revenue: A time-bound courier service attracts demand-related industries to the perimeters of Australasia, forming an empty industrial cluster. In Memphis, for example, Federal Express basically contributes to the development of the city as a whole.
Bong Express's air logistics hub, where all packages below 70 kg are re-routed to Memphis before being sent to their destination. With a significant number of transit flights, Memphis airport has been able to secure a steady and sustained cargo operation and maintain a good rate of growth.
In this context, as the volume of air cargo throughput increases, a more rational and efficient network of routes can no longer be delayed for air freight companies. The Axis-based network of radiation routes is no longer confined to the point of delivery and the place of receipt for each route of the system, but is consolidated by the transit hub.
The multi-channel that allows it to collect decentralized sources of goods from other sources, facilitates increased flight loads, thereby increasing the efficiency of shipping and reducing shipping costs. And the state of Orchid, located in Wuhan, has an axieties similar to that of Memphis in the United States.
Lower costs: A good geographical location, capable of forming an axle-radiation route transport network, integrated movement of all cargo from transit hubs, improved efficiency of shipping lines, and projected cost reductions of about 30 per cent compared to air transport with the smoothing of existing points.
Time limit: Unlike the European and American logistics Express, which uses the axle radiation mode, domestic air cargo transport is dominated by point-to-point urban-to-point flight routes, and our cargo is generally moving from south to north and east to west, the point-to-point pattern means that aircraft are difficult to fully fly on routes from west to east and north to south.
7.3 Competing arms bis: Complementing the dhl advantage, the HS Group acquired dpdhl supply chain operations for $5.5 billion in 2018.
The scheme is to buy 100% of the shares of the dhl Hong Kong, dhl Beijing and Hong Kong companies under the dhl company at a cash exchange of $5.5 billion for Hong Kong, Shunfeng will be the sole shareholder of the two companies.
In terms of the growth path of integrated logistics service providers, couriers and supply chains are two extremes of the industry, the former being highly standardized and the latter being highly personalized. So, look back at the growth of the world's logistics giants.
History is a history of mergers and acquisitions. More than half of the growth in the harvests ofups and Fedex from 2000 to date comes from mergers and acquisitions.
Head: 3) Each segmented area often buys only one company, enabling it to grow itself by operating optimally after acquisition: 4) brand integration after M & A is completed. We believe that assets such as the increasing network effects, the t system, the site, the power of transport, etc. can be shared,
Saving time costs is a key reason for domestic and foreign giants’ tendency to integrate dry M & As. Of course, China’s M & As strategy is closely linked to the current pattern of competition in the industry, which determines Qin’s Qin, its path, and the US.
In the transition, there are potential competitors, a breakdown of the market’s direct competitors (German shares, etc.), and a self-promoting and powerful player, the path to development, in Kyoto. So, for comfort, one of the strategic intentions of buying dhl is to capture the next three to five years.
The most critical window of time. In 2018, the Big Bottle Company, in the fast-discharge area, purchased a new carrier, Kyoto Logistics, in its national road-transport bidding. Kyoto, with its own business flow, had long aimed its light at an integrated logistics market with a smooth focus. The acquisition of dhl would help to open the country quickly.
The second is complementarities between the two. At dhl, according to the latest financial report of dhl, the q2 dhl supply chain in 2018 is in four blocks.
The share of the median revenue was the smallest, Euro321 million. In 2018, q1 and q2 quarter, dhl’s operating income in the supply chain industry had been on a downward trend, with Asia and the Pacific falling by 15.4 per cent and q2 by 10.7 per cent, while Asia and the Pacific’s revenues were mainly from China and Japan.
The defeat of the city in the Chinese region is largely related to dhl's “water and soil disloyal” in China, for example: market opening power is weak (dhl market pioneers, high rankings are more expatriates, China mainlanders are fewer): integration needs to be strengthened (dhlsupplychain acquired Dansa International 10 years ago, etc.)
Businesses, internal integration is not being implemented effectively; territorialization is a slow transition. Europe and America have relatively humanized business management styles, but they often operate against the soil and water.
Dhl's high-quality client resources and business experience in the automotive, medical, consumer electronics, and semiconductor industries are important strategic assets. Cultural integration is a major challenge to the need to be comfortable.
Business team and business integrity. Cultural convergence and the risk of acceptance of new companies by former companies have been a major challenge to overcome in cross-border M&As. We remain cautiously optimistic about this.
The continuous process of technology input is also the process of deepening corporate barriers to competition. When a courier becomes larger and more complex, the availability of a powerful information hub is a major factor in determining whether a company's efficiency will decline, especially since it is labour-intensive, complex and demanding.
In recent years, corporate investment in R & D has been increasing. From 2015 to 2018, corporate R & D investment was needed: 1 less efficiency: the express delivery sector is a typical human resource-intensive industry.
With the decline in the country’s demographic dividend, there is a tendency for technology to replace labour.2 Increasing the volume of business: the fast-moving industry itself has a significant scale effect, and lower efficiency gains can further scale up. Moreover, the market demand for business goods requires agile response speed and information pre-positioning, and the process of research and development innovation is also taking place.
Accurate and efficient business forecasts will be one of the core foundations of traditional decision-making.
Direction of R & D input: Discrete the new development expenditure and the corresponding share of the company for the years 2017 and 2018, as we know: 1 Integration project, product operation chassis system, and co-city subsystem have been the focus of the R & D inputs for those years, corresponding to smooth integration app (personal fastware management software), business chassis interconnectivity
There is a marked increase in the share of the UAV project, the Fuzzy Project, the Cold Transport System Management System, the Big Data Platform in total inputs. Four R&D projects correspond to UAVs and receivers, freight truck matching platforms, cooling and data maps, etc.
Fedex maintains the role of industry leader through technological innovation. Fedex has always been the role of standard-setter in the industry. From the ground-breaking launch of the Hub-and-spoke model to the subsequent launch of the real-time package tracking service through the upgrading of the integrated information system Cosmos, it has continued to improve the competitiveness of its products.
8. His Rock: What happened after the U.S. Southwards of Manufacturing in the 1970s? 8.1 The rise of the U.S. Southern Industrial Zone and the achievement of new growth points in the emerging manufacturing industry.
Since the 1970s, the southern part of the United States has gradually taken over industrial transfers from the north-east and the Great Lakes manufacturing belt. Of these, California, south-west, and Texas, south-west, have developed particularly rapidly and have evolved into electronics, petrochemicals, aircraft manufacturing, nuclears.
The Southern Region has good resource endowments: 1) After the 1970s, the network of highways gradually built in the Southern Region provides a good infrastructure for resource flows; 2) based on Silicon Valley, the West and the South.
3) During World War II, the U.S. federal government built a large number of military-industrial facilities in the South Department’s industrial zone, providing a sound local science-industrial base. The southward migration of manufacturing, which led to growth in almost all sectors in the South, outpaced the northeast and the central west.
In the case of manufacturing, for example, although manufacturing has been a slow-growing sector of employment since at least 1965, manufacturing employment in the southern states has been growing at a very high rate. Between 1965 and 1977, manufacturing employment grew by less than 6%, New England by 9.5%, the northeast by 1.35%, and the south by 35%.
In terms of employment, the South has gradually developed into a new manufacturing centre in the United States since 1970. 8.2 The rise of new industries has driven the evolution of the entire United States logistics industry and the rise of the Fedex industry.
Before 1970, four major service providers in the United States, including emery, wellsfargo, accounted for only 2% of the country’s transport revenues. After 1970, demand in the United States Express industry erupted, experiencing rapid growth and rose to about 7% in 1990.
Of these, Fedex introduced its time-limited product, “a round-the-clock” Express in 1973, and in 1975 the company had been delivering spare parts, plasma, medicines, etc. to 310,000 customers. In the late 1970s, Fedex experienced up to 40% business growth for several consecutive years, with incomes rising significantly above the industry average.
In addition, the logistics industry structure shows that: The value of goods and the volume of goods increase into a period of gold growth. Between 1977 and 1992, the value of goods shipped in parcels across the United States increased by 19 per cent, up from the national average of 9 pct.
At the end of production, the rapid response mechanism for small, multi-package, high turnover markets is gradually becoming mainstream. The requirements for timeliness, transport, and stability of transport are increasing.
The diversification of transport requirements and timeliness requirements for raw materials, products, channels and materials is higher by increasing demand detection and timely feedback to the end of production. Source structure: United States b2b courier operations accounted for about 70% of the market in the industry in 2000.
Figure 58: Changes in the structure of the value of United States shipments, 1977-2007
The growth in business formation needs to be sustained over a longer period of time. We expect the economy to collect 35 per cent of the cagr over the next three years, and it is expected that the introduction of new products and technological inputs such as data lighthouses will bring more value-added services to businesses as a result of the company ' s accelerated refinement of its own configuration model and ground network.
Of these, heavy cargo operations are expected to benefit from the transformation of the channel to the traditional offline channels, and we expect to collect 65% of cagr in three years. Cold transport, we give 67% of cagr in three years. The main demand comes from the conglomerates, and the future companies will be able to access high-quality verticals through stock participation, mergers, etc.
We expect a three-year collection of cagr to be 76%. We believe that, for the sake of comfort, it can be considered a heavy load in the short term.
The Division’s operating costs for the next three years will remain high, but still manageable, owing to outsourcing costs and technology.
While we look forward to a smooth future of long-term growth space, we believe that smoothness needs to be overcome with many difficulties and in the midst of intense competition, to build up our own moats. This business environment is constantly changing in the express delivery.
The company’s business fees and management costs as a proportion of total revenue have stabilized at 12% in recent years, but we have also observed attempts to streamline its staff and reduce efficiency gains. We expect this to happen.
In addition, the company recorded an investment gain of $1.17 billion in 2018, mainly from the company's creation of a abs, the “Wattertekhart-Shoyon Estates Support Project”, which recorded an investment gain of $807 million, which is essentially equivalent to a non-recurring daily gain or loss. At present, the company's b2c electric power provider
Markets generate demand for modern logistics real estate services, supply-side storage is tight, logistics is scarce, and the company’s distribution of abs can be seen as a new attempt to increase asset utilization. Based on our judgment that the company’s follow-up control effects are showing, and that the economy’s new product sizes are starting to grow, the shipment is fast.
We believe that companies are expected to gain a new growth momentum from changes in supply chain restructuring and bulk and high-frequency logistics models, but at the same time, the model of natural heavy assets in the logistics industry requires companies to invest more in the long term, thus constantly tightening barriers to competition.
We have found that companies have enjoyed outstanding excess gains since their listing in 1978 in two phases: 1980-1985 and 1998-2005 respectively. The contribution of the split excess gains, we have found that the collection angle, 1980-1985, was driven by an increase in the volume of parcels.
At the same time, we observe that, at this stage, Federal Express has increased its investment in capital spending, with spending on network layouts remaining at over 80%. As capital spending has accumulated, the average annual amount of Federal Express parcels is increasing.
We use a step-by-step method to value the company’s different operations. In courier operations, the multipliers are short-term valuation caps (as the market sales rate for ups is close to 2.5 times higher and more profitable);
On the new business side, we see that heavy cargo is expected to replicate the rapid growth of the express delivery industry over the past five years by 1.8 times projected ps; we see the cold chain as a business line with a strong premium on the company ' s brand, with low short-term productivity and low utilization, with a long-term "waiting" business, with two times projected ps for the cold chain; matchmaking with the city.
1) Since 2018, companies have been acquiring companies such as the New State, dhl, Grand Central China Supply Chain, especially dhl, which, if well integrated, will create great complementarities, but there may be some challenges if the issue of cultural integration is not addressed;
2) Business is now the company’s cash cow business, which underpins the company’s development of new business. If the airport is built below expectations, the company’s business advantage may be further eroded. 3) Supply chain business is a professional b-end market, and companies need to work with end-C and end-B business integration.
These include internal settlement of supply chain services, service stability, etc. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then averaged the final rating as average market investment