On June 24th, 2025, the pay-roll official Weibo public sent a message that: "The elevator also has support.
A little touch on the device, which is an innovative way to connect the ad market on-line between the public media and the paycheck, to unlock the cell phone when the user sees the device that was touched in the elevator. A little touch on the device, a little blue ring, to get a red bag or coupon for the next payment.
On April 9th, 2025, the public media plan to purchase the shares of 50 Sino-Turkish Media Groups, such as Zhang Jingdong, Chongqing and 100-Do Online, by issuing shares and paying cash. When the deal is completed, the Sino-Turkish media will become a fully-owned subsidiary of listed companies.
The initial proposal was estimated at $8.3 billion for companies. Trailers “touch” to create online or offline advertising connections, involving the public at the end of the advertising process, are expected to improve advertising efficiency while contributing to the performance.
As of the end of March 2025, the company had a total of 3.06 million points, of which 1.26 million were in TV, 1.8 million were in elevator poster, and the market was better off, but in the end, the advertising was turned into a business and the users were inclined to consume.
There's a certain disadvantage in drawings, and the escalator's touch-up is expected to be fixed, and users in a limited space scene are "watch-real-time interaction-trading the consumption chain." The city of 340+ has a total of 400 million mainstream consumers per day.
Tens of thousands of businesses in more than 100 million cities have been on the line since June of that year. If advertising changes are good, the public may be involved in trading the amount of gmv, bringing new growth points to the company’s income and profits.
Figure 1: Trail-touch product displays of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In Beijing, the Golden House No. 127, Wumenxi Street, Beijing, is growing faster in the retail market, and competition is becoming more and more hot, and it's being used as a channel for low-line media advertising.
Head companies are expected to benefit from the marginal changes in the immediate retail sector. After a touch, either pay for the purse, or eject discounts from Ali's system applications such as free fish, Gold, etc., or eject the business coupons to guide consumers to hunger, or make the most out of the shopping.
There is a growing competition in the retail market in the immediate future, which is expected to benefit the public. According to the U.S.M.C.A., as of July 2, 2025, the Treasure Trench Purchases will be up to $50 billion for consumers and businesses in 12 months, and 60 million for two months on the line.
The securities Times also reports that, as of 5 July, at 2254 hours, the United States immediate retail order had passed 120 million orders and that the Chinese catering order had exceeded 100 million orders.
A major customer in the network industry, and with the exception of the increased exposure of online voucher subsidies, the offline advertising media is also one of the consumer channels of concern, and the crowds are expected to benefit from the increase in the advertising budget of the companies above, which in turn leads to an increase in revenue distribution.
“Team-plus-touch” is expected to bring about a re-engineering of marketing values, a clear business starting point for the players involved, and a constant tracking of single-point data and user habits. We believe that 1) for the media, on the one hand, benefits from the potential increase in advertising budgets. One-point efficiency and efficiency are significant.
By the end of 2024, the public media had collected $11,549 million, and the total number of points in the corresponding elevator TV+Elevator poster media was 3,087,000, with a single spot of $3741. On the other hand, if the public were provided with cpm (dissemination fees) and cps (gmv)
(b) For advertisers, data monitoring across the entire chain provides clear access to user consumption data and user portraits and to more detailed conversion effects than brand advertisements;
For payment treasures, the channel layout under the line has been successfully expanded and, as the number of subsequent placement points has increased and the number of contacts reached more user groups, it is expected that an increase in the average number of daily interactions among users will result in an increase in the number of active users of payment treasures, an increase in gmv, and a better flow access under the line;)
For consumers, they have access to red parcels and coupons, etc. We believe that there is a need for attention: 1) The shift in payments that have come across the ladder requires a wide range of exposures and continuous subsidies such as red parcels, coupons, etc., to observe consumers following the fall of the subsidy at a later stage.
As a result of the acquisition of the new tidal media, the number of points and coverage of the population has increased, and one-point benefits are expected to be raised.
Up to 30 September 2024, the New Wave Elevator Media Platform operated approximately 740,000 smart screens in about 200 cities, of which about 640,000 smart screens were placed in about 45,000 residential areas, focusing on household consumption.
It is hoped that the leading role of the public media will be further consolidated and that the bargaining power will be enhanced, which will help the advertising market as a whole to move ahead within reasonable areas, with 25q1 outdoor advertising cases spending +6% of the same amount.
According to the New Tide Media Group's Twitter public, “the elevator lcd and elevator poster campaign in 2024 showed a double-digit rise in the same time, with the elevator lcd rising by 21 per cent and the elevator poster by 16.5 per cent.” In industry, entertainment and leisure, cosmetics/broom supplies, mail.
The electricity, telecommunications and clothing industries have increased significantly, with 22.0%, 34.7%, and advertising spending increasing. The pharmaceutical and beverage industries have continued to show the highest levels of investment, but advertising spending has continued to expand in the open-door advertising market, respectively, and about a quarter of the country’s outdoor advertising cases have increased.
57,352 million yuan, an increase of 6 per cent over the same period, and a steady increase in the size of the advertising campaign for the fourth quarter of the year.” Profit forecasting and investment rating: we believe that the distributed media are expected to benefit from a consolidation of the new tide groups, an increase in the budget of instant retail companies for offline advertising channels, and macroeconomics.
A robust recovery may lead to an upward trend in the single-point efficiency of companies. In the absence of the combined impact of the new tide and the incremental business contribution of the unincorporated coal, we expect that the University of Post and Telecommunications will have a bachelor's degree in computer science, three years of first-level market practice, five years of entrepreneurship (a.i. artificial intelligence, virtual digital people, etc.) and five years of entrepreneurship.
Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023, it is now mainly focused on US equity research and on coverage of a and port shares in the context of overseas mapping. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.