On August 30, 2025, the media published their semi-annual report for 2025.
+12.2 Other revenues of $236 million, mainly government grants of $220 million. Cash flow from operating activities optimized number of points & Māori rate from building media: as of 25/07/31, the total number of corporate media was 10,000 (154,000 overseas), +5.5 per cent; poster media, 1.85 million, corresponding to 9.7 per cent.
The number of cooperative cinemas is 1,853. Media revenues for the 25h1st floor are $5.63 billion, or +2.3% of the year; Māori rates for the building media are 67.08%, or +2.77 pcts. Cinema media revenues are $469 million.
A total of 287,000 retained in the coil installation and 201,000 in the electronic screen media. The company will have a capacity of 200,000 per month over the next four months, with a target of at least 1.05 million installed and retained by the end of 25 years.
To date, the company’s highest dau has broken out, offering discounts to better pay customers and consumers, and giving priority to building a healthy ecosystem. ai optimizes enabling advertising: based on a company’s performance exchange, the production of ail material has been significantly reduced.
The cost of advertising is hundreds of thousands of dollars; better services are provided to small and medium-sized clients, lower the threshold for small and medium-sized clients to put in and enhance the immediate feedback of small and medium-sized clients on short-term roi experiences.
More than 80 per cent of small and medium-sized partners have used the power provided by the public to advertise cindasecuritiesco.ltd, resulting in a 275 per cent increase in downloads of materials.
In Beijing, in the west-town area, the Golden House No. 127 A. Wumenxi Street is optimized, and the Internet and communications industries are contributing to a core increase: in terms of industry, there is a clear pattern of optimization in the company's intake structure.
The networking and communications industry has become a central engine of growth, with revenues growing by 88.82 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and profit forecasts and investment ratings: the news media are expected to benefit from consolidated acquisitions of new tide groups, increased investment budgets by instant retail companies in offline advertising channels and a sound macroeconomic recovery.
The company’s single-point efficiency is likely to increase. In the case of performance effects that are not counted into the new wave integration, incremental business contributions that are not accounted for in the escalator “happened” (2026, expected and expected by the new wave media and the new business to contribute to the year-round increase, but in the case of the charging pattern.
It is not certain that this is why we are now temporarily cutting off the revenue gains from mergers and acquisitions and bumps. B.A. Computers at the University of Post and Telecommunications, who worked in the T.T. for three years in the first market, five years of entrepreneurship ( artificial intelligence, virtual digital people, etc.) with industrial experience in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, the Internet, etc.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.