The popular media (002027.sz) reported positive growth, improved competition patterns and technological empowerment upwards media/advertisement marketing.
Growth in revenue and profits is robust. 1) Business income earned by companies in the first half of the year was 6,112 million yuan, net return to the mother, minus 2,665 million yuan, an increase of 2.43 per cent and 6.87 per cent, respectively, over the same period; counter-arrangement of eps0.18 dollars; realization of zhanghengeng2@guosen.com.cchennyaorong@guosen.com.cn
Māori rates and net interest rates have stabilized upwards and are showing good performance. In the first half of the year, the company’s Māori ratio reached 68.3 per cent, the division’s good bargaining power in the industrial chain; if the macro-cycle is reversed, the company’s performance is expected to be based on a higher level of business leverage, showing faster growth.
As of 31 July, the company’s life-cycle media network covered 339 cities in the country, as well as countries such as Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, India and Japan.
1287,000 media self-contained equipment (including some 154,000 media equipment of foreign affiliates), approximately 1685 million electric-temporal poster media self-contained equipment, 1,853 cinema-cooperative cinemas, approximately 13,000 cinemas, and a significant leading media resource position; 2) company announcement plans to acquire new tidal media if
With a smooth landing, it is expected that the competitive patterns of the industry will be further optimized by expanding media and customer resources to maximize the advantages of scale; and 3) the innovative interaction of joint corporate payments to “touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touch-touching-a-tap-a-tap-a-tap-a-tap-a-tep-a-tap-a-tap-a-tap-a-tap-a-a-tap-a-a-t-a-t-a-t-a-tap-a-t-a-a-h-a-t-a-t-a-t-a-a-t-a-t-a-t-a-t-a-t-t-a-t-a-t-t-a-t-t-a-t-t-a-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-a-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-a-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-a-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t
In the application of this, the company's marketing interests are large.
Divisional media (002027.sz) - Growth of revenue and profit, improvement of macro expectations
A value model for the upper-and-down of the chain of operations, the Annual Report (0020227.sz)-23 and the performance rating of 24q1: 23-year-old Battalion, The Media (0020227.sz) - Continuous Remediation for Profit, Focusing on Macro Repairs and Aigc
Investment proposal: We maintain a profit forecast, with expected net return profits in 25/26/27, which are expected to drive up the speed of growth, and ai technology, which is expected to boost the efficiency of the company's operations: working with the payment treasure, “touch” is expected to create a new growth curve, performance and valuation are expected to have room for upwards, and continue.
Maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating. Growth in revenue collection and net profits was robust. 1) Companies achieved operating income of $6.112 billion in the first half of the year and net profit returns to their mothers of 26.65 billion, an increase of 2.43 per cent and 6.87 per cent, respectively, in the same year; counterpart payments of eps0.18; realization of withholdings and non-returns
Māori rates and net interest rates have risen, and profitability has continued to improve in the context of point expansion. In the first half of the year, the company Māori ratio reached 68.3%, an increase of 3.15 percentage points compared to the same period last year; the net interest rate has risen to 43.4%.
The firm’s ability to negotiate good industrial chains; if the macro-cycle is restored upwards, the company’s performance is expected to show faster growth based on higher economic leverage. Resource niches are strong, with medium- and long-term attention to sunk markets and overseas progress.
The community-based media network covers 339 cities in the country, as well as Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, India and Japan. Of these, 1287,000 (including about 154,000 media equipment of foreign affiliates), about 16,85 million self-employment equipment of elevator poster media, cinema mediums, etc.
There are 1,853 cooperative cinemas, about 13,000 cinemas, and media outlets are well ahead of the curve; 2) companies are planning to buy new media, and if they get to the ground, they are expected to further optimize the competitive patterns of the industry, expand the media and client resources to take full advantage of their size.
Digitalization and the development of the ai technology are expected to enhance the company’s ability to operate. The company’s combined payment of the summation of the money and the innovative interaction of the ‘touching’ of the ‘Technology Innovation + Scene Infiltration’ has created a completely new ecology that fully enhances the enterprise’s ability to operate “the co-benefits below-line” and restores the business value of the down-the-line scenario.
The Division's marketing giant model has entered the testing phase, and in the future, through an all-new, one-driven industry solution, companies are expected to reshape all-industry value models for advertising creativity generation, advertising strategy development, advertising placement optimization and advertising data analysis.
Investment proposals: We maintain profit projections, with net return profits expected in 25/26/27 years to further optimize the competitive patterns of the sector, respectively; macro-projected improvements that will drive up the growth rate and technology that will boost the efficiency of the company's operations; and a “touch” with payment bonds that will create a completely new growth curve.
Both performance and valuation have upward space and continue to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are free from any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.