The year 2020 saw an increase in performance, looking forward to New Gore: On January 29, 2021, Gore shares released a 2020 performance report, and the company became operational. Gore shares (002241).
The company also announced a buy-back plan to increase its performance by up to $39 for the year 2020, looking forward to a new year of Gore. The company continues to grow at a high rate, \triangleright.
In 2020, business income was 57.61 billion yuan, an increase of 63.9 per cent, corresponding to a 4q20 quarter of 22.8 billion dollars, an increase of 107.8 per cent, and a one-quarter increase. The company achieved a single-quarter return of 840 million dollars, an increase of 183.7 per cent.
Operating well, the sales income and profitability of the firm 4q20 increased. Specifically, the operation of the precision zero component is more relevant to the sale of smartphones, with the four-quarter recovery in sales of mobile phones, which is expected to be more robust for the company's precision zero component.
4q20 million global smartphones, an increase of 4.3% over the same year, with apples benefiting from new machine releases, with 4q20 shipments exceeding 90 million, an increase of 22.2% over the same year, ranking first in the season. With less uncertainty, the smartphone market is expected to continue in 2021.
The smart acoustics business, with 4q20 having a smooth climb and a steady increase in the share of supply. Looking forward to 2021, with the increase in the number of production lines, the automation of the linear system and the skills of the workers, we will be able to find a way out of the problem.
Liu Chi, Research Assistant, learning curves for the next generation of new headphones will be further reduced. We expect the company's new upwards this year to be less stressful, mature linears to be profitable and time-bound.
The smart hardware business, which has been in hot sales since the release of a new product in the third quarter of vr, has been scheduled for a month during Christmas and is now back to normal on arrival dates.
As technology progresses, vr's body testing continues to optimize, industry patterns stabilize, and head concentration rises further. Gore, as the core supplier of the big head factory, will benefit fully from the iterative innovation of the vr equipment.
The company intends to use 0.77% of the company’s total equity. The shares purchased are used for stock-holding schemes or equity incentives for the company’s employees.
2020.08.21 - Mid-Report Evaluation Plan to fully motivate senior management, core and cadre staff of the company, 2020.10.23 - 3-quarterly Report Evaluation Report
An effective combination of shareholders’ interests, corporate interests, and the individual interests of the core team will contribute to the long-term development of the public administration. At the same time, the company makes large buybacks at a time of stock price adjustment, highlighting the public Sindh Securities Inc.
The Division has a strong faith in long-term development strategies.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side, Beijing, has built up industry-led precision manufacturing capabilities and innovative competitive advantages in areas such as science, mems microelectronics, etc. Through cross-cutting integration techniques, vertical integration of acoustics, optical, microelectronics, etc.
Precision zero components, such as structural elements, provide “one-stop” smart manufacturing services from id design, R & D, testing to automating production, enabling companies to capture the future of innovation and turn quality customer resources into an inexhaustible engine for the company's continued rapid development.
It is felt that corporate development strategies are becoming more clear, and that firms will be able to continuously capture the innovation nexus, build one-stop shops of “zero-plus-finished” manufacturing platforms, and maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies. Risk factors: recurring epidemics, less demand downstream, and increased market competition.
\triangleright Figure 1: Quarterly collection of Gore shares Figure 2: Quarterly Māori rate and net interest rate of Gore shares
Figure 3: Quarterly collections and operating cash flows of Gore shares
Figure 6: Collar share R & D costs versus R & D costs
Third place in the new wealth electronics industry; second place in the electronics sector, Crystalball, 18/19; and third place in the electronics sector, Gold Bull Award, 18/19; Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, in 2018, in South-West securities, in 2020, and in the semiconductor industry chain; Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, in 2020, in the electronics sector.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.