In 2021, Gore opened a new chapter, Gore shares (002241), announcement 1q21 performance forecast, a single quarter net return profit of 820 million-970 million, an increase of 180 per cent over the same period.
During the year, the company ' s Māori ratio rose significantly, with the rate of Māori for the three main industries of precision zero components, smart acoustics and smart hardware rising by 1.0 per cent, 2.2 per cent and 1.3 per cent respectively, while the market was more concerned about the company ' s stock situation in the previous period, while the company ' s operating net cash flow was excellent.
Billion-970 million, an increase of 180% to 230% from the same year. The growth in corporate performance of 1q21 is due mainly to the growth in revenues from virtual real products, smart wireless headphone products, and the holding of kopincorporation practice number: s1500520030001
Increases in gains and losses on changes in fair value of beneficial investments. Specifically: vr Products: Since the release of a new product by a major client of vr in the third quarter, the expected arrival of goods during Christmas has been for up to one month and is now on a normal arrival date, but still
Three are restricted. And the size of the zero client input is increasing, with about 1,000 Liu Zhilai Research Assistants in 2017, and the number of staff now exceeds 10,000, and the importance of this is evident.
And the higher the sales of the new generation games, the more powerful the sales of the vr's new product for next year's clients. Gore shares vr and game products.
For many years, industrial development will continue to benefit as an important partner of industry’s leading companies. Smart wireless headphones: since spring, the company’s share price has been revised at a certain level, and pessimistic expectations have been adequately responded to.
In the case of a client tws headphones, a client had previously indicated in the performance statement that a stock transfer would be performed, prior to the Gore shares report:
Long, with 2h21 headphones coming closer and 2-generation products entering the end of the cycle, at the present time 2020.06.30 - the report of a pre-advised pre-advertisement evaluation reported that while a client ' s total number of tws headphones is expected to be downgraded, for Gore ' s tws headphone operations
2020.08.21 - The report of the mid-point evaluation states that the company is still expected to make a positive contribution to the company by increasing the number of noise lines since 2h20, upgrading the product structure, increasing its share and moving faster with the entry of the new 2h21 items.
In addition, there is a greater potential for a client to wear headphones and smart sound. Sinda Securities Inc. Gains and losses on fair value change: kopin is a company that focuses on micro-shows and optical solutions.
In January 2017, Gore and Kopin signed a series of Strategic Cooperation Agreements with Kopin, 9th House of the City of Beijing, West Side Street.
The company cooperated in the area of ar/vr, wearables; in February 2017, Gore invested $170 million to get a stock of 758.9 million in kopin. Kopin’s share price was better at 1q21, assuming a collection on 31st month.
The company has built the cutting edge of the industry in the areas of acoustics, opticals, mems microelectronics, and has an innovative competitive advantage. Through cross-cutting integration technologies, vertical integration of acoustics, opticals, microelectronics, structural elements, etc.
Precision zero components, which provide “one-stop” smart-making services from id design, research and development, testing to automated production, enable companies to capture the future innovation nexus and transform quality customer resources into a continuous and rapid drive to grow.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect a net return profit for 2021-2023 to be 42.1 per cent, respectively, and we believe that the corporate development strategy is clear and that it continues to be a good idea for companies to be able to continuously grasp the innovation nexus, build one-stop sophisticated manufacturing platform-type enterprises with “part parts plus finished products” and maintain an “buy-in” rating for companies.
Risk factors: repeated outbreaks; lower demand downstream; increased competition in the market. Figure 1: The product situation of the company kopin. Figure 2: The customer of the company kopin
Figure 3: Quarterly collection of Gore shares Figure 4: Quarterly Māori rate and net interest rate of Gore shares Figure 5: Quarterly cost rate of Gore shares
Figure 6: Gore share R & D costs versus R & D costs, Figure 8: Gore share quarterly net profits and operating net cash flows, Figure 7: Gore share quarterly receipts and operating cash flows
Figure 9: Ghor stock inventory and days of inventory turnover Figure 10: Ghor share accounts receivable and days of working life -- inventory (billions)
Turn-over days (day, right axis) Fong Jing Jian University of Electronics and Technology, with nearly five years of professional experience in the semiconductor industry, with work experience in leading enterprises such as a Texas instrument, familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics industrial chain, and also the founder of coffee 1c, a well-known semiconductor business incubator in the country, has assisted many semiconductor companies
Third place in the new wealth electronics industry; second place in the electronics sector, Crystalball, 18/19; and third place in the electronics sector, Gold Bull Award, 18/19; Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, in 2018, in South-West securities, in 2020, and in the semiconductor industry chain; Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, in 2020, in the electronics sector.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.