A quarterly high-growth guide to information technology hardware and equipment, waiting for the growth opportunities of emerging smart terminals.
The 2020 growth of tws is expected to materialize, and performance of 2021q1 is bright. In 2020, companies performed relatively well in their business as a whole, with smart acoustics and smart hardware contributing operating revenues amounting to $26.674 billion and $17.652 billion respectively, an increase of 79.95 per cent and 107.34 per cent, respectively, gross.
Some of the rumours about the stock stock/flow (millions of shares) that were feared in the previous market are not self-defeating.
The rate of return for the purpose of 26 March of the year (263.79 per cent) calculated that the company held kopin in a quarter, leading to a high-growth intelligent terminal assembly, and that the equity gains were approximately $317 million, less the fair value of this equity investment.
Close to or more than double growth, increased income from products like ar/vr glasses, smart wireless headphones, etc., and improved profitability are the most important drivers. Smart whole operations have growth potential, and large customers’ tws are expected to be repaired gradually.
The entire machine assembly business involves intelligent hardware products such as smart wireless headphones, virtual/enhanced reality, intelligent wearable, intelligent home: (1) recently, a client tws product is expected to produce downwards and to some extent affects the market ' s performance expectations for the company, but
A new generation of tws products will be released later this year, or is expected to stimulate a recovery in sales; (2) vr/ar glasses, where the market demand for new product quest2 released by core client oculus last September is stronger, with more deliveries in four quarters alone
One million, thanks to which, in 2020, ar/vr saws out better than the market would have expected.
There are a number of reasons why end-brand manufacturers are committed to finding intelligent and iot products that have the potential to explode. After several years of product rotation and experience upgrading, some end-products have reached consumer approval and are expected to continue penetration. From this dimension, corporate intelligence.
The end-packing business still has the potential to grow and is expected to generate profits that support the company's long-term dimensions.
Microphones/phones, motors, wireless chargers, antennas, micromics, sensors, sip system-grade encapsulation modules, vr optical devices and modules, ar optical devices, arlight machine modules, etc., are organized and grown in smart terminals other than mobile phones.
This has provided an important impetus to the growth of the relevant sophisticated zero components upstream, and while smartphones have been affected by the epidemic on a global scale, in 2020, the revenue from the company ' s sophisticated zero component business has increased by 15% over the same period.
Synergy is emerging, and the future is expected to develop a virtuous cycle of mutual reinforcements. Gradual digestion, the complete assembly of smarts and iot products, and the associated sophisticated zero components have long-term growth potential, which is the main underpinning of companies’ future performance elasticity, predicting companies’ future elasticity.
Subsistence of sales in the downstream market for important customers is not as sustainable as expected; (2) end products such as tws, ar/vr, watch, etc., with some downstream brand customers market sales and promotions not as strong as expected Profit forecasts and financial indicators:
Quarterly high-growth guidelines, waiting for the growth opportunities of emerging smart terminals Pacific securities with overall industry returns above the market level of 5 per cent;
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report