In 2020, the net return to the mother grew by 123 per cent over the same period, and the repurchase of shares highlighted confidence in development - the Gore Stock Exchange Assessment Report,1 the company's revenue in 2020 was 57.6 billion yuan, an increase of 63.92 per cent over the same year, and the net profit to the mother was 2,855 million yuan.
2. The company intends to use its own funds to repurchase a portion of the company’s shares in the form of a centralized competitive transaction for later periods to implement the employee holding scheme or the equity incentive scheme.
• The strategic formation of “parts + finished” with a greater number of operations and a greater share of the industrial development dividend The higher yield and net profit are mainly the result of increased revenue from the sale of related products such as smart wireless headphones, vrar, precision zero components, and improved profitability.
The tws product, a global headphone market of 1 billion pairs +, apples of hundreds of millions, wireless headphones, is on the mark, industry is far from reaching the ceiling, and the total volume of airpods in 2021 is expected to remain at 110-120 million. Gore's wireless headphone crop is still high, and the pro line is on its way throughout the 21st year.
Minimum/highest in a year: Transfer to performance leads to a definite increase, with the city of Goreirpods expected to account for 40%. idc distributes the latest data, with 90.1 million mobile phones from Apple 2020q4, an increase of 22.2% in the same year, in the city.
The field share returns to the world’s highest share, 23.4%, and the company’s acoustic components are expected to benefit fully. Vr/ar manufactures half of Gore’s market worldwide, leading to a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered by top companies, and the strong sales during the holiday season of oculusquest 2 show that the track is growing rapidly.
It's not simple processing, it's a core player in the innovation of top technology firms around the world. Quality performance is the cornerstone of development. Repurchase shares are the key to corporate confidence. Good performance is the cornerstone of the business's growth cycle, and corporate competitiveness is further enhanced.
Repurchase of a portion of the company's shares with its own funds for later implementation of the employee holding scheme or equity incentive scheme, to strengthen the firm belief in the long-term development of management, to reflect management's confidence in the long-term value of the company, to safeguard the interests of investors in general, and small and medium-sized investors in particular, and to enhance investor confidence.
• The company is one of the core leaders of continuous innovation in the consumption of electronic products, maintaining the “very recommended” approach.
The company's home-grown voice and electronic front-line manufacturers, adhering to the development strategy of “parts plus finished products”, q3 Super-expected growth, wireless headphones and smart wears create higher barriers in the field of precision manufacturing, and the whole downstream machine expands into large-scale and counter-weeding to consolidate upstream advantages.
Accelerating performance in aiding performance 2020-10-23 Growth in merit 2020-07-08