Improved profitability in the main industry, but higher impairment of assets held up the entire national electricity supply (600795) in 2018 The net profit of the Division's shareholders was $1.2 billion, a decrease of 42.86 per cent.
Shen Yifan lost 3,514 million yuan in impairment of assets throughout the year, well over 1,333 million yuan in 2017 and 495 million yuan in 2016; 2. Increase in the price of coal combustion and increased operating costs; 3. Return to previous years for the current period
▪ The company’s power generation operations continue to be optimized, and the growth in operating income exceeds the growth in electricity generation.
Thus, the company’s hydropower and wind power have become a bright sign of growth in business income. Quick b/h shares – a million shares – have improved the company’s Māori rate of power generation in a context of high coal prices, as seen in the company’s productive management capacity.
RMB/ton, 24.15/ton, 4.13 per cent higher than market coal prices, but companies reduced electricity consumption to 297.71 g/kwh by improving their fleet efficiency levels, and increased access of new energy units with higher feed-in prices through reasonable participation in market-based transactions with electricity.
The company will establish a joint venture with God, and the size of its assets will increase significantly. The size of its assets will increase significantly, the power supply will increase significantly, and the company's capacity will increase once it is merged.
A total of 80.36 million kw, with 37.5 million annual power generation planned. 8.6 billion kwh, heat supply plan, 13049 kJ, with an increase of nearly 55% in total capacity.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we calculate the company’s performance expectations, without taking into account the splendor’s assets and schedules.
Won and $0.19, corresponding to pe 21x, 16x and 14x, respectively. For the first time, coverage was given to the “recommended” source of Eastern financial and intellectual boom electricity (600795).
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the research assistant brief, Shen Xianfan.
A Master of Science from Cornell University, an undergraduate from New York University, worked in China to build the China East Electric Design Institute, five years of infrastructure development experience, and joined the League in 2018 to analyze his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Improved profitability of the major industry, but an increase in impairment of assets has delayed performance throughout the year, and my company has no assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor about the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.