The tcl group (000100) household appliances have increased their overall performance significantly, and the transformation of the company is progressing well, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Core logic: The corporate a-share platform is gradually showing focus to semiconductors and will be a capital market platform with the Chinese star semiconductor industry as its core business, with product operations such as tcl electronics and home-based conglomerates fully benefiting companies with the advantage of vertical industrial chain integration, and the company valuation hub is expected to shift from home-based to panel-based industrial chains.
*Tcl Electronic name change completed and operations split gradually. tcl Electronic name change completed in the first half of 2018, plans for the restructuring of the established capital structure completed for the acquisition of 100% of tcl commercial information, and companies in the future will gradually divide consumer electronics into tcl electronics and work to internationalize tcl
In the first half of 2018, the share of tcl high-end electronics was increasing, sales channels were being optimized, and China and overseas markets were increasing their prices, with a cumulative sales of 1.53 million LCD TVs in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 37.8%, of which 9,383,000 smart televisions, representing an increase of 53.3%.
● The liquid crystal panel industry continues to warm up, with the Chinese PV semiconductor displaying the industry as the core business for the future. As consumer electronics and so on are phased out into tcl, the tcl group will become the capital market platform for the PV semiconductor industry as the core business. In the first half of 2018, PVT1 and t2 were launched.
The volume increased by 7.5% on a year-on-year basis and continued to be fully productive; t3 production line capacity increased steadily; and t4 and t6 construction projects progressed successfully.
Television panel prices are on a steady upward trend, with three quarters entering the global market reserve season, while panel manufacturers are actively adjusting their size structure to drive the supply and demand of the global LCD panel. The television ICD industry is expected to continue warming, driving the growth of China's PV performance in the second half of the year.
The company’s tcl communications have been significantly reduced, the company’s telecoms have been sound, and the net profits have been increasing. The company’s Internet and the company’s households have increased.
The number of mobile Internet serviceable terminals and active users has continued to grow at a rapid pace, with the number of smart networks operated through the twilight webs. Television terminals have accumulated 27,354,000 users, mobile Internet application platforms have accumulated 428 million users, and there has been a significant increase in the scientific and technological performance of the thunderbird network operating the tcl smart television platform.
In dollar, the company ' s future valuation hub will gradually shift to the panel industrial chain, and according to our projections, the company 2019 1tcl: optimizes the industrial structure, focuses on the dominant industry 1.1 optimizes the industrial structure, and overall performance improves.
The tcl group is continuously optimizing the industrial architecture through industrial restructuring, non-core asset divestiture or sale, focusing on the dominant industry. By the end of 2017, the group had largely completed the restructuring of the portfolio of goods and materials, with a streamlined industrial structure of 6+3+1.
Multimedia electronics (1070.hk), tcl communications technology, home power groups, telecommunications (1249.hk) and commercial business groups: service operations comprise three panels: Internet applications and services, marketing and logistics services (including HUF (835282), and financial operations; and venture and investment operations.
In 2017, the group acquired real full equity in PV by issuing shares; in June 2017, Shenzhen PV completed the acquisition of PV in PVC and managed the semiconductor industry centrally; and in the first half of 2018, tcl electronic renaming was completed and planned for a 100 per cent acquisition of tcl commercial information, in accordance with the firm ' s established capital structure.
In the future, the company will gradually divide its telecommunications, home appliances, etc. into the Hong Kong “tcl electronic” listing platform, and the tcl group will become the company’s main business structure with the Chinese star semiconductor showing industry as its core business: in 2017, the company’s revenue on several major lines was averaged and the income on top of the five.
Multimedia electronics (mainly in the production and marketing of lcd television products and in the provision of home-connected Internet value-added services), Chinese PV (mainly in semiconductor display-related operations), logistics and services, home-based electricity industries (mainly in air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, healthy appliances and smart household products) and mobile communications products
Industry (tcl communications technology, mainly in alcatel, tcl and blackberry brands, is globally engaged in the design, production and sale of communications equipment and other product combinations), accounting for 31.6 per cent, 27.3 per cent, 20 per cent, 14.2 per cent and 13.4 per cent respectively, depending on the Māori ratio for each sub-sector, with Māori companies accounting for the top five businesses, respectively, as starlight power, multimedia electronics.
Industry, mobile communications, logistics and services, and domestic electricity, accounting for 36.8 per cent, 24.1 per cent, 14.3 per cent and 10.7 per cent of corporate performance: company operating income has been steadily increasing in recent years, with companies achieving operating income of $111.7 billion in 2017, an increase of 4.8 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $2.66 billion, an increase of 66.3 per cent in the same year.
The net profits attributed to the shareholders of the parent company declined to varying degrees in 2015 and 2016, mainly because of the low market of mobile phones abroad and the strategic bias of tcl’s own communications. In terms of the profitability of the company’s sub-business, the total profitability of the end-product business was average, the power of China’s solar power was unique, and the net profit of China’s solar power was $4.85 billion in 2017.
It is 1.82 times the tcl group’s net parent profit. The Māori ratio as a whole is up: as the company’s business structure continues to adjust, the overall Māori ratio has remained steady and rising, rising from 14.1% in 2010 to 20.5% in 2017.
The rate of Māori in China’s PV was 27.9% in 2017, higher than the Māori rate in other branches of the company and the Māori rate in the company as a whole. The ratio of overseas receipts has been rising year by year: in terms of the regional structure of the revenue collection, the share of corporate revenue has been rising year by year.
In 2017, the group earned 49 per cent of its overseas operations, while television sales increased by 33.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the North American and Brazilian markets doubling their sales to the top five in many emerging market shares; air conditioners increased their overseas sales on a par; and innovative capacity continued to rise: 2018 was the year of the company ' s 3063 strategy, with the company ' s main focus on artificial intelligence and large numbers.
In 2017, the company invested $4.72 billion in research and development, mainly in artificial intelligence, Internet applications, and semiconductor displays and materials. The company’s Hong Kong Research and Development Centre is already operational, and it is mainly developing artificial intelligence around applications of smart end-products.
Technology development and basic technology research: the “National Centre for Printing and Flexible Show Innovation”, led by Guangdong and Wieswig, respectively, are progressing well, and the “Importation Demonstration Project for Printing and Showing the Industrialization of Critical Materials” has been successfully developed or completed
In the future, the company will focus further on the semiconductor, which will be a capital market platform with the Chinese star semiconductor as its core business. The company semiconductor shows a gradual improvement in the industry layout, including mainly vertical layouts such as the Chinese starlight (0334.hk), the Guangdong conglomerates, and the Chinese optics.
Development, production and marketing operations and the co-management of related operations: HPV is mainly engaged in the development, production and marketing of small and medium-sized tft-lcd/oled display modules; Guangdong Jumbang is positioned to produce a print display of public open platforms for R & D, and to produce a print display of key common technologies: HWPV is mainly engaged in the development of new and autonomous ip-based materials.
It was established in November 2009 at the High Technology Industrial Park in the Guangzheng District of Shenzhen City, and since its inception, with its own team, self-building, self-innovation, etc., it has been at the forefront of the same industry, with a global semiconductor.
By the time of the latest reporting period, the tcl group held 86.81% of the share in PV, and now has a real full equity in PV. It also held direct or indirect shares in PV, PV, PV, and $8.5 billion in gross profits, representing 27.3% and 36.8% of PV and tcl, respectively, of the Group's revenue and Māori revenue, which is currently tcl.
There are currently six panel production lines with full-line coverage of large-sized television panels and medium-sized mobile terminals. Of these, t1 and t2 production lines mainly produce 28-48 inches, 55 inches, and 110 inches of liquid crystal panels for television.
The 32-inch market for television panel products is the second highest in the world, and the 55-inch market for high-size products, such as ud, remains the highest in the country. First, the t3 line produces mainly high-end smart phones above 3-12 inches, 400ppi or mobile pc panels: t4-line owners are expected to produce 3-12 inches of high-resolution soft and folding smartphone panels, which are expected to light in the first half of 2019.
Volumeable output at the beginning of 2020: t6 lines produced mainly 43 inches, 65 inches and 75 inches of LCD screens, oled screens and megapublic screens. Quantities are expected to be produced in the first quarter of 2019: t7 lines increased the share of oled products compared to t6, with additional printing display techniques, with products dominated by a high value added of 8 k.
In addition, with the 4.5-generation soft-led experimental line built in Wuhan, the development of the oled device, material certification and process optimization is continuing, and the flexible oled cell screen has completed its client delivery. The company ' s high-generation model group project in Huezhou was successfully launched on 12 June 2018, the world ' s highest generation model production line.
Shenzhen PVg11 and g8.5 plants are also the backbone of the group's effort to integrate the vertical industrial chain in the LCD industry, with a total investment of $9.6 billion and a planned monthly production capacity of 60 million units.
Founded in August 2004, HPV was dedicated mainly to the development, production and marketing of the tft-lcd/ctp display module.
tft-lcd, oled displays the development, production and marketing of the module, producing nearly 80 million display modules. The Wuhanhua power plant is adjacent to the t3 line of Wuhanhua PV, mainly operates fully automated production lines of the ltps-lcd module using mobile phones, which displays an average annual output of 50 million tablets, officially produced in the fourth quarter of 2017.
In 2017, total sales of lcd module products from HPV amounted to 53.4 million pieces, a 28.4 per cent decline from the same year, mainly affected by a shortage of upstream parts and components due to stock clean-up by some end-users in the first half of 2017 and market promotion of full screen products. As a result of the restructuring of corporate products, high-end products such as inner-lined (on-cell/in-cell) lcd module products
And the steady increase in the sale of the low-temperature, ltps lcd module product, which led to an increase in the average sales price of the company as a whole from $49.4 in 2016 to $64.9.
By the end of 2017, Guangdong-hwa had accumulated in Guangdong-hwa.
Nearly 200 patents have been applied for, and the National Centre for Printing and Flexible Display Innovation, which was approved for operation by the Ministry of Information and Technology on 31 October 2017, is the first national innovation centre in the field of display. Guangdong Juhua has successfully developed a 31-inch print-painting and a 5-inch print subpoint (qled).
Fluorescent PV is mainly involved in the development of new and suitable materials with autonomous ips, with the focus on the plating of small fractions of oled, green light and red light materials being tested by the manufacturer. At the same time, it is associated with the country's overall development of new displays of materials and technologies.
Planning, with the deployment of printed-led materials by the Wieswig PV strategy, currently taking on the “Improvement demonstration project for the industrialization of key materials” of the national priority research and development programme, leading the country in the field of liquid processing of green materials.
According to the group plan, the company will gradually divide consumer electronics into tcl electronics, and the tcl group will serve as a capital market platform with the Chinese star semiconductor showing industry as its core business, and it is expected to promote a shift in the company’s valuation hub from the home power industry to the panel chain. The panel industry has shown a clear shift to the mainland in recent years.
With strong policy support for the panel industry, our production capacity has expanded rapidly: the global market share of the liquid crystal panel has soared that it is expected to surpass South Korea in 2019 as the world’s number one.
The trend towards large-scale liquid crystal panels, which led to a boom in investment in 10.5-generation plants, is now stabilizing and slowing down in the global market for lcd, mainly because of the imminent replacement of lcd in small screens, such as mobile phones, and the saturation of laptop screens. Therefore, lcd applies the most extensive LCDs.
Television is moving in the direction of large sizes, and it is also driving a slow increase in demand for large sizes of the lcd panel. The increase in demand for the icd panel is mainly due to the growth of the television panel, which is mainly based on the growth in the single size of the television panel, i.e., the big screen, although small screens, such as mobile phones, are gradually being replaced by an oed, the screen will also be dominated by lcd.
Given the ongoing shift of the television panel industry to the mainland, our self-sufficiency of our television panels will continue to rise for some time to come. Big screening is not only the global LCD market, but also the most visible trend in China's LCD market.
According to the data, China ' s LCD market was still 32 inches in size in 2015, with a market share of about 30%, while the market for 55 inches and above was less than 18%. In the first half of 2017, only 17% of the 32 inches LCD was available, while the share of 55 inches and above was more than 30%.
The average size of the plate can reach 47.9 inches, which is 42.9 inches higher than the global average, and it is expected that this large sized trend will continue to grow by 1-1.5 inches per year, with China ' s average size expected to reach 54 in 2022. Large sized sized trend prompts panel manufacturers to actively invest in high-generation production lines. By 2022, Kyoto East, China, and lg showed that
And Fauscan is expected to build seven new 10.5-generation plants in China, South Korea, and the United States, where new manufacturers will promote a 59% annual compound growth rate of 10 generation and higher line capacity between 2017 and 2022. All of these seven plants will be on a 10,000-inch television. These plants will form the backbone of the new production capacity of fpd television, and other large-scale applications will be lost.
By the end of 2020, there will be no new large-scale investment for even smaller generations, including 8 (8.5) and 8.6 generations. This is a tight supply and demand market for liquid crystal panels, with price stages fracturing back to the bottom.
From April 2016 to May 2017, the panel industry experienced a 14-month price increase cycle. In the first half of 2017, 40-43 inches of products climbed nearly 70% over the same period of the previous year, surpassing the threshold of brand profit, so demand began to shift to a larger size of profit space, with the average size of the total delivery in the first half of 2017 growing 1.7 inches over the same period of 2016.
The unit prices for inches, 43 inches, 50 inches, 55 inches and 65 inches fell from 73 dollars in May 2017, 147 dollars, 177 dollars, 213 dollars and 409 dollars to 45 dollars in mid-2018, 83 dollars, 110 inches of mobile phone and tablet application liquid crystal panel prices, respectively, with the largest 25 per cent and 17 per cent declines.
Since July 2018, the price of the liquid crystal panel has been warming back to the bottom. With three quarters of the global television panel ready, the start of the season, the demand for brand ready is strong, and the continued uphill of the new production line will continue to grow with movable property, helping the panel factory to actively and efficiently de-draw inventory and adjust its capacity. At the supply end, three quarters of the television panel line is almost full of crop production and starlight.
The two g8.5 generation lines of electricity were kept full, and the two g8.6 generation lines under the G10.5 line and the Chinese flag of the Kyoto East compost continued to climb, and the g8.5 generation line of the alumni PV expansion began to climb in volume, leading to a sustained increase in LCD panel productivity for three quarters. Moreover, effective supply was limited due to the lower-than-normal product rate of the new line.
Global LCD panel markets are becoming more demand- and demand-intensive, driven by growing demand during the season and by rapid restructuring of the production capacity of the panel plant, but as overseas supplies are nearing their end, global production continues to grow, supply and demand levels continue to grow over the fourth quarter of the year.
In the context of the large size of lcd, the country's large-scale lcd production continued to rise, and in the first quarter of 2018, Kyoto East was the world's first-ever liquid crystal, with the Chinese star photovoltaic output ranked fifth in the world and a multi-product market share.
At a higher level, cumulative inputs into the glass base plate amounted to 854,000 pieces, an increase of 6.44 per cent over the same period; the production capacity of the t3 plant has steadily increased to a higher level and the volume of goods delivered to front-line brand clients has continued to increase; the construction of the t6 project is progressing well and has entered the equipment and loading phase and is expected to be produced by the beginning of 2019. The share of the market for the company's major products in the first quarter of 2018 is high in the world.
In the first half of 2018, there were 19.1 million HQ panels and 8.5 million m2, the fifth largest in the world. 2.2.oled production capacity transfers were significant, with domestic producers rising.
Disaggregated by drivers, domestic oled manufacturers can be divided into pmoled and amoled manufacturers. In the pmoled area, the country’s Visino dominated by an absolute majority.
There's a large-scale mass production line, and in 2012 there was the highest volume of products in the world, up to the present day. Visino has only one pmoled production line, but it occupies 30% of the world's share, at the core of which is its ability to produce the core of the production of the pmoled and engineering technology.
With its low energy consumption, high resolution, rapid response, and other excellent photovoltaic properties, it has gradually become the dominant technology on the list. Domestic manufacturers in the field of amoled have a relatively larger profile, competition, and competition.
Visino established the first pilot production line in mainland China in May 2010. To date, there are now five manufacturers in the country, namely, Tokyo East, Deep Tianma, and Light Power, Black Cow Food, and Sinley International.
At present, there are 12 production lines in the interior of the country. The main ones are: Ordo Sg 5.5 generation line in the east of Kyoto; Chengdug 6 generation line in the east of the city; Seag 5.5 generation line in the dark sky; Deep Ma Wuhang 6 generation line; and Light in the upper sea g 4.5 generation line; Visinokun g 5.5 generation line in the mountains; and Shirai International G4.5 generation line.
Although there is currently a large gap between our global share of the production capacity of the oled and that of South Korea, which in 2015 accounted for only 9 per cent of the global capacity of the oed, this figure is expected to reach 38 per cent by 2020, when we will be the second largest supplier of the world's oled after Korea.
The country now has about 50% of the fine combination of panels, and it will take about 6-12 months to reach the 60% positive balance of gains and losses. The country’s panels are now on a full-scale climb, and are gradually moving into a scale-up phase.
3 two-wheel drive full transformations, with each sub-business showing the bright spots Companies move forward with internationalization transformations, vertical integration of industrial chains, and a “double-plus” strategic transformation of “smart plus Internet” and “product plus services” to optimize resource allocation through the operation of globalization and to achieve operational efficiency through vertically integrated layouts
3.1 tcl Electronics: The advantage of vertical industrial chain integration is evident, with strong growth in overseas markets.
tcl Electronics is mainly involved in the production and marketing of lcd television products and provides home-based Internet value-added services to its users. As a result of the significant increase in product and brand power and the synergies of the corporate industry, companies grew in reverse, with electricity rising in 2017, depending on the volume of sales, with sales revenue increasing by 23.5 to 35.3 billion yuan, and the net profit attributable to the parent company grew by the same amount.
The Group sold 23,774,000 lcd televisions (including commercial monitors) throughout 2017, an increase of 15.9 per cent over the same year, of which 15,127 million smart network televisions were sold, an increase of 34.8 per cent over the same year, China's market performed better than industry, overseas markets grew by 33.5 per cent over the same year, and North America and Brazil doubled their share in the global market for lcd televisions in 2017.
The company sold 6,516 million lcd TVs, an increase of 35.6 per cent compared to the same year, Chinese market sales increased by 9.65 per cent to 2.43 million, overseas markets maintained strong growth, sales increased significantly by 58.7 per cent to 3.94 million, with stable growth in North America, rapid growth in emerging markets and European market politics.
In 2017, tcl e-Maurice fell by 2 percentage points to 15.4 per cent compared to the year 2017, as a result of a rise in LCD panel prices and changes in the regional share of business, but companies insisted on moving forward with product innovation and structural upgrading, continuously increasing the sales of high-end products such as quantum points, curves, 4k and big screens, with average sales of branded products in the Chinese region rising by 14.6 per cent on average, and fourth.
The quarterly recovery of the overall Māori rate to 16.6 per cent resulted in a 2 per cent to 13.1 per cent decline in the cost of tcl electronics in 2017 compared to the corresponding rate and a significant improvement in overall profitability. In the first quarter of 2018, the corporate product structure continued to be optimized, smart television, 4k TV, 55 inch and above television coverage steadily increased, with the Chinese market brand on average.
In July 2017, the tcl electronics company, Thunderbird Technology, introduced the Strategic Investor Trench Digital (Hin Shenzhen) Ltd., in the form of a build-up of equity, increased collaboration between the two sides on product upgrading innovation, market resource synergies, and ecological integration of members.
Strategic resource cross-border complementarities and the level of hardware and software synergies that drive the rapid growth of household income from Internet operations. 3.2 tcl communication technology: sustaining the transformation of change, performance is expected to improve significantly tcl communication technology, mainly in the global design, production and marketing of alcatel, tcl and blackberry brands.
The sale of communications equipment and other products totalled 43,876,000 items in 2017, a 36.2% decrease over the same period.
The cost of key spare parts has risen significantly, and the model of cooperation towards the operator’s market has led to a larger decline in tcl’s tcl-based products, resulting in significant losses throughout the year. Companies have continued to push for a transformational transformation to improve communications, contain operating costs, and improve business efficiency.
In September 2017, the company transferred 49% of its shareholding in tcl communication technology, introducing strategic investors with industrial background and business resources to further strategic and business restructuring of tcl communication technology. By streamlining the product lines, accelerating the pace of listing of new products, enhancing product power through enhanced R & D inputs, and maximizing synergies with the Chinese PV industry,
Advance full screen smartphone sales as a percentage; and continue to strengthen research and development investment in 5g applications for future technologies and products. In the first quarter of 2018, corporate blackberrymotion smartphones began to be sold in the North American market, alcatel full screens, a series of products were officially released to overseas markets in February, and comprehensive screen phones like tcly 660 and v,760 were launched in the Chinese market.
tcl communications were significantly reduced in the first half of the year, and the company was confident that it would achieve a significant improvement in its communications performance by 2018.
In the first half of 2018, the tcl household power group, which is mainly involved in the production and marketing of air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, healthy appliances and smart household products, actively integrated channels to enhance market promotion and enhance product branding, branded in 2017, achieved a market sales volume of 9.169,000 air conditioners, representing a 26.9 per cent increase in the same volume.
The sales volume of washing machines increased by 11.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the sales of air purification units made a breakthrough. The household electricity group achieved sales revenue of $15.89 billion, an increase of 31.6 per cent over the same period.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company’s product and brand power were effectively upgraded, with a significant increase in the sale of air conditioning, chiller refrigerators, clean-up machines, roller washing machines and a better average price of products, with a higher average price for domestic branded air conditioners.
21.8 per cent, with significant improvements in profitability. 3.4 Service lines: Rapid growth in the number of active end-users and continuous upgrading of the realization value of services.
Through cloud computing and big data analysis techniques, companies construct large-scale Internet user asset management platforms based on various smart terminals and vertical applications. Corporate home and mobile Internet serviceable terminals and active users continue to grow rapidly in the first half of 2018.
The cumulative activation of the company ' s smart network television terminals has reached 2,7354 million users, it has reached 45,365,000 users, and the cumulative activation of the mobile Internet application platform has reached 428 million users. Leibird network technology operating the tcl smart television platform has grown significantly during the reporting period and signed with Tokyo in May 2018.
The Agency has developed a Strategic Cooperative Intent Agreement to further enhance the operational capacity and realization value of the tcl large-screen ecology through cooperation in the areas of Internet infrastructure, content and services, and ecological resources.
The Group developed its business matrix covering its own smart television terminals and third-party living room smart terminals, mainly through the tv+ smart television platform of the Thunderbird Technology Operator, which received $450 million in strategic investments in 2017.
As of 30 June 2018, the cumulative activation of the company’s smart network television terminal had reached 2,735,400 users: as of 31 March 2018, the number of households using the company’s smart network television terminal was 12.06 million. The company achieved operating revenues of $6,887 million in the first quarter, an increase of 337 per cent.
The number of active users amounted to 1.74 million per day (as of 30 June 2018). Corporate advertising has increased significantly, and value-added services such as education, games, and application shops have developed rapidly.
Mobile Internet Applications and Services Companies provide system development, application development and operation support for their branded smart phones, mainly through mobile Internet operations centres for tcl communication technology, and mobile Internet applications for overseas open market users through luxury connectivity
By digging deep into user needs, optimizing product rotations and improving the detailed experience, companies can operate the number of users and the activity of their users is growing rapidly. By the end of the second quarter of 2018, companies had flat access to mobile Internet applications.
The cumulative number of activated users of the station has reached 428 million, and the number of active users as of December 2017 was 93.53 million, an increase of 306.9 per cent over the same period. Income from mobile Internet service operations increased with the size of users and the efficiency of individual users, reaching a 10-fold increase of 129 million yuan in 2017.
Assuming that the price of the lcd panel continues to warm for the second half of the year and that the power of the PV will be released gradually, with t1 having been depreciated by 2018, the capacity fully released in the first half of the year 2019, maintaining the average monthly capacity of 160,000 full units, and that the PV ratio of the PV from 2018 to 2020 will remain at around 28 per cent;
Assumption 2: the advantage of vertical industrial chain integration of tcl fully benefiting companies, icd television sales have remained at around 25% Growth, offshore markets have opened well: household Internet serviceable terminals and active users have maintained an average of 30% compound growth per year and tcl e-māori ratio has remained at 16% over the next three years:
Assumption 3: the branding and product strength of the tcl household electrical group continued to increase, with the increase in sales of tcl-based air conditioners, wind-cooled refrigerators, clean-up machines, roller washing machines, etc., leading to an improvement in the average price of the same product, while the Māori rate of the household power group has remained around 16 per cent for the last three years; Assumption 4: as the synergies with the Chinese PV industry gradually emerge, the full screen and 5g input drive the mobile communications business
As the corporate strategy moves to a core business with the Chinese PV semiconductor display industry, the company ' s future valuation hub will shift to a listed firm in the panel industry chain, and the expected depreciation of the Chinese PV t1 line by the end of 2018 will further release the company ' s performance.
And the company’s growth forecast for the last three years, according to our projections, is that the company’s current stock price corresponds to only eight times that of 2019, with a fixed underestimation, a first-time coverage, with an “upscaling” rating. The risk of fluctuations in LCD prices; the volume of products sold or not expected; and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.