The opening of new markets led to a period of expansion, and the capacity of trade services was further strengthened by three quarters of accelerated performance growth. Companies achieved $5.348 billion in the third quarter of 2025, compared to retail trade/general retail sales.
Billion dollars, +99.56%, an overall acceleration of growth over the second quarter. Benefited from the opening of the Global Digital Trade Centre in June of this year, the corresponding increase in entrance fees, etc.; and the continued contribution of market owners to emerging operations such as rent booms and cross-border payments, such as the payments made by companies in the first three quarters of the year.
The business transaction exceeded RMB 27 billion, an increase of more than 35 per cent in the same year. The Māori rate increased, and cash flow performance was prominent. The company ' s three-quarter Māori ratio was 45.41 per cent, compared to +15.31pt, net operating cash flow of $9.605 billion, a significant increase of 2021.98 per cent in the same year, benefiting from global collection.
The market places and auxiliaries, the first floor of the commercial street and the sales of the writing building, among other things, will be officially opened on 14th, and the corresponding entrance fees and additional space will lead to a further expansion of the company’s performance. In addition, new business such as digital trading platforms and cross-border payments will be opened.
In the medium- and long-term planning of the Integrated Trade Reform Programme, companies, as pilot units for the development of import-trade innovation, are expected to share opportunities for import-trade prosperity in the future. Consider the corresponding revenue contribution from the opening of global digital trading centres and the cost of entry.
"Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - Second quarter profit growth up, Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - "ai+Foreign Trade" layouts for the second half of the year, new markets Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - Increase in the performance of new market offers, cross-border payments
Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - Quarterly performance growth robustly enhanced trade services
Figure 2: Single-quarter net profit and increase for small commodity cities (billion yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Change in Māori rates for small commodity cities in single-quarters (%) Figure 4: Change in cost rates for small commodity cities in single-quarters (%)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject