Construction of a business complex to support imports, further consolidation of long-term income growth, company research, company quick evaluation, retail trade, general retailing.
Investment rating: superior to the city (maintenance)
Corporate bulletin: In recent days, Small Commodities City has won $3.23 billion to build State-owned land rights on the south side of the Fortune street market in the city of Toyota, on the southern side of the market. The plan is to create a cultural heritage, commercial innovation, and a cultural travel and recreation complex that combines the function of tourism. 10,000 m2 (including centralized commerce, loft, business offices, commercial dress houses, other apparel) and 217,000 m2 of underground buildings.
The total investment in the project is estimated at $7,863 million, including $3,321 million in land costs (including a contribution tax) and approximately $3,877 million in other costs of construction. Overall, we believe that the project, as an extension of the city of imported commodities in the U.S.E.T. Region V, provides physical space for the development of a pilot project of innovative import trade development, and strengthens the synergies of existing market segments.
After completion of the construction over the next three to four years, the project, in conjunction with the existing International Chamber of Commerce, Regions 1-5, and the Global Digital Trade Centre, is expected to plan for the construction of a business complex to enhance the development of the import business, which, according to the corporate plan, is designed to build on the policy and resource advantages of the new national trade reform pilot, and to facilitate import trade.
In December 2024, the National Development Commission issued the General Programme for Integrated Reforms to Deepen International Trade in the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province, which refers to the promotion of trade innovation: the establishment of a positive inventory management system for imported consumer goods, and the optimization of the goods clearance process in the List.
This is an extension of the International Trade and Trade Centre’s Fifth Region, which is expected to further enhance the development of import operations in the U.S.
In January-September 2025, the value of imports and exports to and from the city amounted to $63.12 billion yuan, an increase of 26.3 per cent, of which exports of $553.99 billion, an increase of 25.7 per cent, and imports of $77.21 billion, an increase of 31.3 per cent. Overall, there is still much room for growth in the size of imports.
Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - New market offers are increasing performance and cross-border payments are expected to accelerate development - Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - quarterly performance growth is robust and trade services capacity is strengthened without fear of external shocks - the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author