Small Commodity City 2025q3 rating: three quarters of over-expected growth dynamics were strong The company published three quarters of 2025, generating business income of $13.61 billion, an increase of 23.07 per cent compared to the previous year; net return to mothers of $3.457 billion, an increase of 48.45 per cent compared to the previous year; net non-return to mothers was excluded
q3 Q3 quarter performance increased significantly, achieving operating income of $5.348 billion, or 39.02 per cent over the same period; net return profit of $1,766 million, or a significant increase of 100.52 per cent over the same period; market master prices increased substantially and performance was more certain.
During the period, the Centre (Sector VI) initiates recruitment and recognizes revenue contributions.
The Māori rate has risen significantly in the third quarter, and the cost rate has remained stable overall for the period.q3 Māori rate q3 high Māori operations as a result of the recognition of revenue from commercial and commodity exhibition services: the cost rate has been maintained at 4.94 per cent over the period (the same ratio) and the internal structure presents “the costs of upswing R&D inputs, management and finance”
The optimal combination of downside cash flows and contractual liabilities that support ai and platform-based capacity-building without compromising the overall growth in operating cash flows and contract liabilities. Net cash flows from the first three quarters of operations amounted to $9.605 billion, representing an increase of 2,021.98 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly due to full collection during the current period.
Payment runs a major breakthrough, opening up the growth ceiling. The yiwupay was officially approved in three seasons for trade (1039) settlement services, which became the only pilot in the country.
The services market has expanded from 20% previously to 80% of the total export value of the U.S. In the first three quarters, payments were made for digital trade services, a1 was able to show results. Trade services, centred on the Chinagoods platform, was another major factor in the overperformance of the three quarters.
At the end of the year, nearly 300,000 users have been served, and about 40% of businesses in the market are on the verge of an auxiliary operation, i-services and imports. As the only pilot enterprise for State trade reform, companies are actively promoting the expansion of the positive list to high-value categories such as cosmetics and health care, which is expected to be an important growth in the future.
At the heart of the new round of national trade reforms is the promotion of import trade innovation, with the target of breaking 300 billion yuan by 2030, with small commodity cities expected to contribute more than 200 billion dollars. Small commodity cities are assessed at 2025q3: three quarters of their performance is above expectations of strong growth dynamics.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.