Three-quarterly review of 2025: q3 net return profit per year +101 per cent, market operations & trade services for substantial increase in profits  2025q3
• Market operations: new markets drive performance growth. The market of the sixth generation of Small Commodities City, the Global Digital Trade Centre, was fully opened in June and officially opened on 14 October. With the new market coming into operation, the cash flow from the operations of the 2025q2/q3 company was 16.7 million yuan, and the company was joined at the end of the quarter.
The profits are expected to continue to grow, such as the gradual opening of the field and the company’s market operations.  High trade performance services: yiwupay paid up over RMB 27 billion, +30% of the year, and opened a 1039 trade payment pilot in 2025q3 to provide further space for payment.
In 2024, 80% of U-turn exports came from the market procurement model. With future access to the market procurement model, potential guest space for payments will be significantly increased.
At the “Society +ai Smart New Growth — Global Digital Trade Center `1000' brand tvc Global & YUN Media Marketing Winnersai Summit”, the Global Digital Trade Center and Chinagoods officially launched a thousand items based on the technology of Chinagoodsai (known as cgai)
Small Commodities City (600415): Half-yearly report 2025: positive import lists, overseas layouts continue to advance.
White-listed enterprises, leading the 28-day consumer goods and 5-parallel domestic electricity innovation pilot, covering 193 sku, achieving 2,600 pilot sales and achieving policy goals six months in advance; synchronized Small Commodity City (600415); forecast increase reported in 2025
The creation of a “tax-plus” industrial cluster in the U.S.C.S. has successfully introduced tax-insurance programs like makeup, health-care food processing, etc. Globalization has broken again, with the opening of the first overseas sub-market in East Asia – the Yau market in Osaka, Japan – on 26 June.
Global Digital Trade Center (GMTC) Over-expected Merit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Small Commodity City has a significant strategic position as an export hub along the way. There are now many new market expansions, Chinagoods, payment operations, positive import lists, etc.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.