The company's bid for land and plans to build an import-related literature company, November 12, 2025, has further expanded the international commercial and trading city map.
▪ Events: Corporate bulletins. On 7 November, the Natural Resources and Planning Department of the city of Yeu set up a campaign to obtain the right to build land on the southern side of the city at $3.32 billion, covering an area of 164,000 square metres.
▪ Plan to build a cultural and trade complex and expand the international commercial and trade city map: the company plans to use the land to create a cultural heritage, commercial innovation, and tourism and leisure complex that combines the function of cultural heritage. The total area of the project plan is about 16.47 million m, with a total building area of about 660,000 m, of which the surface is located.
4.43 million m2 of building space (including centralized commerce, loft, commercial office, commercial dress houses, other accessories, etc.) and 217,000 m2 of underground construction. Total additional investment of $7,863 million, including $3,321 million in land costs, other construction works, etc.
▪ The new project is expected to absorb the new demand from imports from the U.S.: the company plans to use this complex as an extension of the U.I.E.C. Imports and Commodities City in Region V, to provide physical space support for the pilot development of import trade innovations, the "Scaling Up " , and to strengthen synergies with existing market segments.
In December, the State Council formally approved the General Programme for Comprehensive Reform of Deepening International Trade in the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province, which requires the implementation of two priority reforms: positive list management of imported consumer goods for daily use, parallel import of household electricity; and the company ' s goal of completing and developing a companion list of 19 commodity categories by 2025.
In the future, the import industry may become a new point of growth in imports and exports, and the new market is expected to serve as a follow-on entry into Small Commodity City (600415), which is scheduled to be reported in the third quarter of 2025.
Carriers of households. 20201-3, based on UU customs statistics, imports of Uu reached 772 points: q3 net profit from mother-to-child ratio + 101%, and the city was 100 million yuan, compared to 31.3%, showing a faster growth.
Business & Trade Services for Significant Profit Growth — Profit Forecasts and Investment Rating: We believe that the company will open new projects that will further expand the business map of International Business and Trade City, and that the project will be expected to further expand the company market when it is established
Small Commodities City (600415): semi-annual report 2025 Income and profits from operations, with new operators expected to expand company trade services, and high performance of the Chinagoods platform
Twelve times the “buy-in” rating was maintained, and Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.