Merchant Retail Global Digital Trade Centre (GMTC) efficiency gains, 2025q3 performance upsight - Small Commodity City (600415.sh) 3-quarter performance evaluation report 2025
The company issued its third quarterly report for 2025. q1-q3 in 2025, the company achieved a revenue rating: increased (maintained) efficiency gains in the MTCs, early completion of major projects, higher than expected recruitment,
Two batches of fashion jewellery, creative fashion toys, skin protection and medical supplies accumulated.
In August, vendors such as young children’s living materials were successfully recruited. Xiaoai’s performance was remarkable, with the Chinagoods platform’s “Small Business” series of applications reaching over 1 billion people.
The World Innocence Model, developed in Ariwin, breaks through key technologies such as multilingual translation and intelligent dialogue. The Chenagoods platform, "ai translator" supports 116 languages for cross-translation and translation, and serves as a tool for helping businesses to connect to global markets.
In the first half of 2025, the operator’s net profit amounted to RMB 155 million, an increase of 109.69% over the previous year, highlighting the effectiveness of technology empowerment. Cross-border financial services and Hong Kong’s financial license plates have accelerated the process of internationalization.
In the first half of \triangleright 2025, cross-border corporate payments (yiwupay) amounted to over $2.5 billion, an increase of 47 per cent over the same period, with operations covering more than 170 countries and territories worldwide.
Three Speeds-Small Commodity City (600415.sh) 2024 report on encryption transmission, smart wind control and "7 x 24-hour" expert emergency response.
The company’s performance rating report 2025.04.01 accelerates the pace of Hong Kong’s financial license plate layout, with Hong Kong as the backbone of overseas operations.
To be supportive, the process of internationalization has been fully accelerated by the establishment of companies in Hong Kong and the start of the process of applying for tcsp, mso, etc.
In the first half of the year, companies focused on the Middle East, South America, Africa, and other potentially high-potential emerging markets, adding 13 new projects to the sea.
The first overseas sub-market in East Asia in the sense of the landmark — the Yau market in Osaka, Japan, opened on 26 June — and overseas sub-market reserve projects, such as Mexico and Kyrgyzstan, are on the verge of landing and globalization continues to deepen.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We value the success of the company’s home-based Global Digital Trade Centre, which is remarkable, i-all-chain empowerment, the speed of cross-border financial services processes, branding out of the seaboard, and maintaining the company’s “upper” rating.
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, and asset management companies. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Lu, to the extent that you know it, your company, yourself, and the stakeholders in your property have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended.