The e-performance is higher than expected, and the platform layout highlights the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
In the first half of 2022: 1) at the end of the harvest, the company grew by 111.9%. 2) At the end of the profit, the company achieved a net return profit of 240 million yuan, compared to the previous half of the year, with sufficient hand orders and a full recovery of productive capacity. In the first half of 2022, the company obtained 29 ultracs.
Wb slot-based bulk purchase orders for cleaning equipment, 13 ultraecpmap copper interconnection plating and eight ultraecpap backtracks for advanced encapsulation purchase orders, the company as a whole had more than enough hand orders in the first half of the year.
There are more extensive applications in advanced production processes, drams, and 3dnands. After June, the company’s Trunchuan Sandwork has been unsealed, the production side has been restored to 100%, and orders are expected to accelerate delivery in the second half of the year.
The wave-cleaning technology has been validated and is entering the production phase of the 28nm process, and 14nm and the following processes are building up in polar propulsion: ecp equipment technology has reached international leadership levels, 28-65nm equipment is already available on a large scale and 14nm and below are in large-scale production line certification and are expected to be phased out in the future;
Post-cmp devices have been developed to clean up 8/12 inches of silicon and 6/8 inches of carbonated silicon liners. We believe that the technological level of the company has gradually completed the platform layout and will continue to drive performance growth in the future.
1. Senghai, United States of America (688082): Revenue from the outbreak ' s disturbance: Research Performance Guide, acmr expects revenue of $370-410 million in 2022, 48% confirmed extension, business platform configuration at first sight
For the next three years, the net profit compound is expected to grow at a rate of more than 48%. We continue to appreciate the company’s platforming advantage in the field of semiconductor equipment in the country and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.