On 7 August, the company released its mid-2022 report in Shanghai. In 2022, the company achieved H1 revenues of $1,096 million, an increase of 75.21 per cent over the previous year, and a net return to mothers of $237 million, an increase of 163.83 per cent over the previous year.
In spite of the impact of the Shanghai epidemic, the company q2 has now achieved an over-expected increase in revenue, with $742 million in revenue for the first quarter, an increase of 111.91 per cent over the same period.
The increase in corporate revenue is mainly due to a combination of increases in multi-goods. Accr2q22 achieved $104 million, of which $73 million, or 60 per cent, was generated by cleaning equipment, and $11 million was earned by advanced containment equipment. At the profit end, the company achieved 21.6 per cent of net interest rates in the first half of 2022, with a sharp performance, mainly as a result of gross gains.
Interest rate hikes and financial costs are falling. 1h22's Māori rate is 46.98%, with a smooth expansion with the Piti class, and multiple orders for new items. In 2022, the company's new product was well-developed, and in February \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Bulk purchase orders were obtained for 29 new items for sink-based wet cleaning equipment, 13 for front-track copper interconnection plating equipment and 8 for advanced back-track containment plating equipment; in April, 18 cavity-separated new equipment was successfully put into production and most semiconductor cleaners needed to support advanced logic, dram and 3dnand manufacturing
In May, a bulk procurement contract was signed for 10 plating devices with the country’s leading advanced containment clients, while an upgraded version of the glue equipment was introduced for advanced crystal circle sealing. At the same time, the company performed well in its client outreach, in addition to some of the Yangtze storage, the China Rainbow Group, and others.
2. Sumo Shanghai (688082.sh) In-depth report: In addition to repeated orders from customers such as Wet Farnhead, Hercules, Nakaroo International, and icrd, new customers have been developed; on-going, the semiconductor equipment platform has risen to 2022/01/
The company, after many years of continuous research and development and technological accumulation, has distributed front-line copper plating equipment for chip manufacturing, stand-up tube equipment, and advanced back-way containment plating.
The company's current product lines cover about $8 billion in global market space, according to accr. At the same time, the company has a variety of tubes, like ald.
In 2022, the company is expected to double the market space for two new items. For the year 2022, the parent company acmr maintained a 48% increase in revenue from the previous year.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.