• Strong demand for semiconductor equipment and continued growth of orders and production capacity
The global semiconductor industry landscape and the strong market demand for corporate semiconductor equipment have benefited from the company's revenue of $1,096 million in the first half of 2022, a year-on-year increase in the end-of-year revenue-receipt effects of delays in the confirmation of customers' revenues for the equipment.
In the first half of 2022, the company achieved a net return profit of 237 million yuan, which has had an effect on the growth of the same year. On the client side, the company actively expanded a number of new customers, along with the Yangtze storage, the China Rainbow Group, the Hercules, the Middle Kingdom, and the Longsleeves storage.
In the first half of 2022, companies continued to diversify their products, and strong growth in new products diversified income structures and expanded market size, semiconductor cleaning.
Epidemic Delayed Income Recognition, Platform-based layout extension equipment, front-track semiconductor plating equipment and advanced encapsulation wet equipment (including rear-track growth curves) 2020429
Business income from plating equipment has increased considerably, and the Cleaning Equipment Service has been able to produce bulk harvests: companies are currently cleaning clean-up technologies, such as saps and tebo megasounds, developed autonomously and with global intellectual property protection.
The technology and equipment already cover more than 80% of the cleaning process. In 2021, the company acquired a megasonic single-polywasher (12 cavity) demo order from the major semiconductor manufacturer in China and a major international semiconductor manufacturer in the United States.
Bulk purchase orders for humid cleaning equipment for the ultracwb slot, the largest of which was 16 duplicate orders from the same Chinese sub-plant. In April, the product of the 18th cavity 300mmultracvi single-crystal cleaning equipment was successfully put into service.
Most semiconductor cleaning processes needed to support advanced logic, dram and 3dnand manufacturing are 50% higher than 12 cavity equipment. Copper-plating equipment enters a fast and long term: 20 shipments in 2021.
Completion of 4 semiconductor plating equipment, of which 3 ultraecpmap plating equipment, 1 ultraecp3d plating device certified and entered into mass production for 28 nm, 40 nm, 55 nm, 65 nm technical node and Tsv
a:r = 10:10, received Damascus plating equipment demo orders from major integrated circuit manufacturers in Asia. The company received 13 ultraecp map forward copper plating units and 8 ultraecpap rear lanes in 2022.
Multiple purchase orders for plating equipment, including 10 ultraecpmap equipment orders for an additional order from a top Chinese integrated circuit manufacturer. In May, the company signed 10 orders with a Chinese-leader for advanced crystal circle sealing.
Bulk procurement contracts for ultraecpap high-speed plating equipment, which are expected to be ready to enter the accelerated release period.
The company's ald film deposition equipment is now in its 2021 engineering design phase and is expected to enter the client's client base after it has been tested in the first half of 2022.
Post-market space is expected to expand further. Semiconductor market demand is not as high as expected; downstream crystal circle manufacturing capacity expands less than expected; spare parts shortage risks; new equipment development is not as fast as expected.
The Mechanical Unit presents the experience of the automated industry, seven years of research experience in the mechanical industry, which is mainly responsible for publicly listed companies in the mechanical industry.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
We have tried to report the content of the report objectively and impartially, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute an offer or inquiry for the sale of the securities in question.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.