\triangleright
Re-entry of the harvest back on a steady growth path and completion of the historical mission of infrared thermal imaging. Companies actively address the adverse effects of the external operating environment, adjust in real time to market changes, accelerate the marketing of strategic products, priority products and software products, and achieve a smooth return of the harvest.
During the reporting period, the company achieved revenues of $16.166 billion in the first three quarters of the reporting period, resulting in a significant decline (-19.47 per cent) in revenue collection, q2 and q3 respectively, a decline in domestic operations during the first quarter of the reporting period, and a generally normal performance in overseas operations.
The recovery of domestic operations in the second quarter and the impact on overseas operations; the sale of infrared thermal imaging products have made up for some of the decline in traditional business, the start of which, with the successful control of the epidemic in the country, we consider it to be a quick recovery of domestic operations.
And then, successfully, the company returns to a steady growth path. Infrared thermal imaging products are smaller products, with little chance of contributing to the company ' s performance in terms of its current size.
Structural changes, reflecting the advantages of firms in rapidly developing and delivering the corresponding needles, depending on market conditions, and their greater resilience to risks, such as sexual products, solutions, etc. Non-recurrent gains and losses, exchange losses, have a greater impact on current profits, and the actual quality of operations
With a billion yuan investment-led return of 1,077 million yuan (+82.352 per cent); exchange losses compared with the higher transfer gains of 941 million yuan and the financial cost changes mainly due to exchange losses - 253 million yuan, the first three quarters saw a steady increase in the non-repatriation net profit on a seasonal basis.
Companies have increased their market expansion this year, with higher tariffs and logistics costs, resulting in significant seasonal fluctuations in sales costs due to exchange rate effects. q1, h1, sales in the first three quarters, resulting in higher revenues from high levels of Māori operations, such as infrared, which began in the third quarter.
Income fell and the revenue structure returned to normal. At the end of the period, currency funds of $4,973 million (+39.88 per cent) were mainly due to an increase in current-period repayments and bank borrowing; combined (+25.79 per cent), with a steady increase in revenue from q3 battalions, operating throughout the year.
The performance of Capital Building Central Shipping Securities Ltd. has built a solid foundation. During the reporting period, net operating cash flows of $1,268 million (+335.58 per cent) were achieved, up from an all-time high, mainly as a result of enhanced receivables management and increased returns from operations; net operating cash flows could cover large amounts over the same period.
In recent years, companies have continued to strengthen their nuclear-heart-technology inputs, ai algorithms, and so on. In August, companies built on deep-learning remote-sensing-image-intelligence analysis techniques.
The world-standardized remote sensing video target detection data set dota (alarge-scaledatasetforobjectdeactionin arialimages) achieved the first performance on the rotation frame and horizontal frame accuracy list; at the beginning of September, the company won the vot 2020challenge main track champion (vot-st2020winner); in mid-September, the company was based on the ai field.
The landscape estimation algorithms and the light flow estimation algorithms have again yielded breakthrough results, and the indicators have refreshed the best global performances of the two contests: kittischeflow, and kittflow. While the technology breakthroughs have continued, companies have gained insight into industry and technology trends, actively inducing outreach partners to build an entire biosphere of the Wirtschaftsprüfer industry.
In three quarters, numerous strategic cooperation agreements were signed: (a) to work with Han Ding-woo on investment in smart cities and industries to explore intelligent cities under the new infrastructure; (b) to work together with a large number of natural technologies under the umbrella of the MSG on all aspects of industry such as petroleum refining, energy, chemical engineering, intelligent manufacturing, intelligent logistics, smart factories, smart parks, etc.; and (c) to work together with Zhejiang Ji.
In-depth partnerships between the Future Holdings Group in the area of urban digital transformation, such as urban services, urban life;4 working with space Titanco to develop the capacity of natural resource information;5 working with the New Genuine, Unileverly and others to promote intelligent fire information;6 working with Fang Xin Science and Technology Ltd. to promote the real name of the Tax Service Hall in the field of intelligent taxation
The company’s intention to build the Wirtschaftsprüfer industry conglomerate, and to actively expand the market map, is evident. After the 14th of January, the supply of the ipcsoc shield to China was officially stopped, there was a shortage of the ipcsoc chip supply in Heath, and some surveillance of the market price of the camera.
Small and medium-sized security companies are facing chip supply difficulties, under pressure such as cash flow, failing to accumulate enough chips in advance to make up for replacement time, and stopping work in the event that supply of major upstream components is restricted. The current inventory of Heath chips is used mainly to secure supply to large companies like Heicon, Da-hwa, etc. And Hei-Cang, Da-Hung, were affected by the United States sanctions earlier, in 2019.
In September, the company also indicated that it had put in place an effective security compliance operating control system and business continuity management system, consistently adopting a master vendor strategy for vendor selection and ensuring business stability.
In the above case, we judge the Heith chip event or the acceleration of the consolidation of the security sector market to enable companies to achieve effective market share investment proposals: companies are emerging from the adverse effects of the epidemic, and the quality of their operations continues to improve robustly. We judge the Heith chip event to be a net annual profit of $3.884 billion, $4.168 billion, $4.675 billion, or $1.29, $1.39, or $1.39, respectively.