On the evening of October 12th, the company released its Third Quarterly Report 2020.
• Quarter-by-season growth rates have improved, and currency exchange losses have contributed to a significant increase in financial costs. From a single quarter, companies have been able to operate smoothly, achieving a double increase in operating income and net return earnings.
As the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in the country is effectively controlled, the company operates well on a seasonal basis, rising at a seasonal rate of more than one billion yuan, a decrease of 24.51 per cent in the same year. The higher non-recurrent gain is due to the transfer of fully-owned shares from the company’s subsidiary, Hwatu Micro-chip, with a transfer price of $1.2 billion, generating higher returns on investment.
The impact of exchange rate fluctuations, the high exchange rate losses, the push for a 320.95 per cent increase in financial costs over the year, has had a significant impact on net non-mortality profits. Corporate precision management has contributed to continued improvement in returns, with the Māori rate declining from the first half of the year.
Firms continued to move forward with fine management, with notable results: in the first three quarters, the net operating cash flow of companies was 1,268 million yuan, an increase of 335.58 per cent over the previous quarter; in the third quarter, the net operating cash flow was 1,375 million yuan, an increase of 313.83 per cent over the previous three quarters, with a marked improvement in repayments.
Infrared-temperature products are better related, and with the effective control of the domestic epidemic, infrared-temperatures are expected to fall from 40.05 per cent in the third quarter.
U.S.S.S.S.S.C.S: Performance is consistent with the gradual recovery of industry demand in the second half of the year, with a positive year-round growth in business earnings expected and significant management effectiveness achieved in 2020.04.28.
Mainly affected by adverse external environmental conditions in the first half of the year: 1) domestic, affected by the epidemic, with some government tenders and delays in large projects, while MSMEs more affected by macroeconomic fluctuations; 2) overseas, with an increase in the incidence of overseas epidemics in the second quarter and companies operating in overseas areas
In the second half of the year, growth is expected to accelerate as the internal epidemic is brought under effective control, the process of recommenced work proceeds in an orderly fashion, and there are signs of warming at the end of g and end of b demand.
In the medium-to-long term, the transition from the security industry to the intelligent video community is not changing, and the digitalization of enterprises requires sustained release. Companies deepen and land their “hoc city heart” strategy, introducing video-centred architecture for networking systems that are oriented towards innovative applications in the industry, thus enabling their clients to make a digital transition.
Chen Tunan, accompanied by a gradual recovery in government spending and the continuous transformation of al+ Videos in corporate informatization, has been running 15 to 35 times the average profit in the last three years, and is expected to return to the net profit for the next three years.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has led to less than anticipated macroeconomic developments, less than anticipated transformation of the Union, less than expected expansion of overseas cities, less development of innovative business, and increased competition in the market. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, has produced this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.