Aluminium alloy chassis contributes to the main increment.
This represents an increase of 17.56%, resulting in a net profit of $753 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, or 2.08% over the same period, which is within the range anticipated in the previous performance forecast. At the same time, the company announced a delay of three years between May 2022 in the commissioning of the electronic vacuum pump and smart brake system project that it had previously raised.
Light Quantified chassis contributes to a major increase in revenue, and aluminium alloy components are growing rapidly.
According to the company’s annual report, in 2018, the company collected $446 million in aluminium alloys and $726 million in total annual revenues compared to the business of Fordonna, which was roughly the same as in 2017. The company’s bottom-plate business increased at a slower rate than expected, as a result of the rapid decline in vehicle sales in the country in the fourth quarter of 2018.
Motivated by multiple factors such as the proximity of the 2020 version of the "double points" standard, and bottlenecks in the renewal of the new energy vehicle, the aluminum alloy chassis will continue to grow at a rapid rate. Tupou's light-quantified zero components, such as the turnover, the control arm, and the scaffolds, are all of the quality of the springs, with a lightly quantified value for money and the penetration of the current domestic market.
At the Shanghai Car Fair in 2019, we observed that all of the upper-air, upper-air, Gilly, and Great Wall car factories were increasing the proportion of the aluminium alloy base plate applications. Topip aluminum alloys have a variety of combinations with existing shock-resilient product lines, allowing them to match with a variety of customers’ needs.
In conjunction with the potential demonstration effect of Tesla's operations, we reiterate that products such as musical arm, chassis, etc. for the company's light-quantified aluminium alloy business match Teslamodels/x, and that the aluminum alloy control arm has been the main supplier to many mainstream manufacturers, including Gilly, Volvo and Biade, and will be downstream in the future.
The market penetration rate of aluminum alloys has increased, and harvests are expected to increase significantly.  The rate of Maori has fallen: raw materials, labour costs, and profit for a better accounting period.
The growth in corporate income from shock relief products is not significant, but the same cost of raw materials/direct labour has increased the steel chassis (formerly Fordonna) and the overall Māori rate has fallen markedly. It is worth noting that companies have managed to earn a better accounting period (by about 18 days less than in the same year) in an unfavourable environment of general price pressure on households.
In 2018, the company generated $126 million in electronic vacuum pump operations, a 13.8 per cent increase compared to previous expectations. We believe that this is mainly due to the company.
The main customers in this area are the motor vehicles, the cars from the end of 2018 to the beginning of the year 2019, and the parts industry as a whole drops at the same rate. As new energy vehicles and turbo booster models accelerate, the potential for combined seismic and chassis technology remains at 2019-02-01.
Universalization, with the vacuum pump product growing at a rate that will continue to win the car market. 2, Top Group (601689): Unable to expand car electronics lines: companies publish multiple new energy vehicles on the official web, smart-driving vehicles.
But the Māori rate has recovered by 2018-10-25, which is a necessary car electronic product. With an electronic water pump that successfully matches the production of a vehicle, the value of the vehicle will be $600-9000; the E-gas portal implementer and the purification pump will be a powerful response to the emission escalation of the country's six emissions.
3 Tupou Group (601689): inner accoutrement pressure release, equipment: power-propelled transition systems and electronic stabilization control systems are currently mainly held by foreign investors, e.g., capable of producing a combination of lightly quantified product lines on the chassis. 2018-08-24
A breakthrough would be a good alternative to national production.4 The Topper Group (601689) in-depth report: Light Quantified Nvh Two Swords Together, The Deck Business is Ahead
Topper Group (601689): Aluminium alloy chassis contributes to the main increase.
Liu Xiaoixing B.A., University of Qinghua, Master of Arts, Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of experience in project management and technology development in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
Topper Group (601689): Aluminium alloy chassis contributes to the main increase.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.