Topper Group short-term performance pressure, three full-blown scenarios are good net profits of 750 million yuan, a 2.1 per cent increase in the same year for shareholders in listed companies, and 1.04 dollars per share.
The impact of declining interest rates, increased management and research and development costs is a slight increase in net profits, with slightly lower than expected performance. The chassis system benefits from light-quantified and new energy trends, and the gradual production of orders is expected to drive high performance growth.
In view of the low volume of domestic automobile sales, we have reduced the profit margin mainly because the acquisition of Fortuna led to a 220.6 per cent increase in the business of the chassis system, a 3.9 per cent increase in the income of the shock absorber, a 13.8 per cent increase in the income of the system, and a 3.5 per cent decline in the revenue of the interior.
Administrative costs increased by 28.3 per cent, mainly as a result of salary increases of 2.651 million for employees; research and development costs increased by 26.9 per cent, mainly due to an increase of $37.49 million for research and development staff; financial costs decreased by 72.3 per cent, mainly due to an increase of exchange rate gains of $23.07 million; and the four cost rates remained largely flat throughout the year, with a significant decline in the Maori rate.
The profit rate was lower than the income growth rate. 18q4 earned 1.53 billion yuan, a 1.4 per cent decline in the same year, and wages increased; the Maori rate fell by 4.8 percentage points, but the four rates increased by 1.6 percentage points, resulting in a net return to the mother of 140 million (-27.1 per cent). Domestic car sales were gradually warming, and companies were new.
The chassis system, which benefits from light quantification and electric trends, is expected to contribute to high performance growth. In light quantification, companies have mastered the core process of high-strength steel and light alloys, technologically leading the country, and bottom-drilling.
In the area of new energy, the competitiveness of products such as corporate aluminium alloy battery packages is high, and there is hope that more new energy vehicles will be developed. Clients, with orders to progressively produce, will contribute to high performance growth.
Intelligent forward-looking layouts, long-term outlooks. Companies are looking ahead in areas such as car electronics, investing in research and development, with earlier production of vp products growing by 13.8% in 2018. In addition, research and development of products such as eps, ibs, etc. is continuing, and the smart car chassis is shifting and the brake product is well-structured.
TOP – The steady growth in performance and expansion of products and capacity are expected to be the core business for future development, and the long-term outlook is promising.
TOP – A little less than expected performance, multiple layout prospects 1) motor vehicle sales have declined significantly; 2) new business has not expanded as expected; 3) productive capacity has not released as expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations