Topper Group (601689.sh), short-term pressure, intelligence and light.
The Tupoo Group published its annual report for 2018, an increase of 2.08 per cent, a net profit of $678 million, an increase of 0.47 per cent over the same year, an increase in corporate performance throughout the year, performance in line with expectations, and short-term pressure on the Māori rate.
Factors such as higher upstream raw materials prices and higher labour costs have to some extent affected the profitability of companies, including direct materials for shock-relief devices, direct labour costs, an increase of 8.5 per cent and 13.5 per cent in relation to the same production ratio for the current year, and direct materials for interior features, labour costs, an increase of 12.5 per cent and 20.1 per cent in relation to the same production ratio for the current year).)
In 2018, domestic car sales fell on the same basis, and lower demand from downstream customers again affected the profitability of companies, with sales of medium- and seismometers and interior features falling by 4.8% and 2.9%, respectively) affecting the company’s total profits to some extent. The company’s Māori ratio was under pressure for a short period of time, but with the automobile industry.
The recovery, coupled with the successful production of new corporate products and market roll-out, is expected to yield a high quality of downstream customer resources in 2019, firm Nvh operations stable, company operations stable in 2018, and less affected by downstream car sales fluctuations, with a shock-mitigator achieved.
Operating income of $2.307 billion, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same period, achieved operating income of $2.218 billion for interior features, maintained long-term partnerships with domestic car enterprises, such as General Motors, Gilly Motors and the Volkswagen, and established complementary partnerships with foreign car companies, such as General, Ford and BMW, with stable downstream customers.
The company is still in the process of developing and investing in new Nvh products, further improving competitiveness, upgrading markets, upgrading new products, and making future growth points clear.
Fordonna's income is entering the company's consolidated statements. The company is increasing its research and development of light-quantified chassis, and its annual performance is growing steadily, with approval of additional approvals.
The supply of light-quantising suspension systems has also been signed with Biadi and Uchi, and the company’s light-quantified business performance is expected to accelerate again with the sale of new energy vehicles in the country.
The company ' s automobile electronics business generated business income of $126 million a year, an increase of 13.51 per cent. The company is currently in the Top Group: Production and Production with a column-based electronic vacuum auxiliary pump, a leaf-based electronic vacuum auxiliary pump and a leaf-based electronic vacuum independent pump.
In addition, the company is developing a smart brake system ibs, which is in the advanced stages of validation and marketing and is expected to become a new company in the future.
In keeping with the precautionary principle, we maintain an “upscaling” rating. Automobile sales are growing faster than expected, Tesla sales less than expected, and new products are coming into production less than expected.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.