The company issued a first-quarter report in 2019, with an operating income of $1,246 million during the reporting period.
This is a decline of 16.81%, resulting in a net profit of $114 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, a decline of the same year, resulting in a marked decline in revenue from the initiative of major clients to go to stock.
Zhen, during this period, most of the entire factory has adopted a strategy of reducing production in an attempt to move to stock, so the output and sales of the whole car are both low. Tupou's main client's total output has dropped by 13.9% in the first quarter of the year, leading to a demand for the product to Tupou.
Of these, total vehicle production declined significantly over the same period: Universal (10.8 per cent), Ford (21.6 per cent), Upload (15 per cent), Broad Gas (26.5 per cent) and Volvo (20.4 per cent). The average for the single quarter of the year was the same, accounting for 5.87 per cent of revenue, an increase of 1 per cent over the year.
A number of auto electronics have been released, such as e-pumps, electric power switching, and are trying to improve the coverage of corporate products in six areas: new energy sources and countries. The company’s new e-product lines are more power-oriented, there is a greater demand for testing and testing, and we expect high R&D costs to continue over a period of one to two years.
• Looking at the aluminium alloy chassis, car electrons are expected: Topper's aluminum alloy control arm, turning to the festival, leading the country, followed by “double points”, improvements in the limousine of electric vehicles, and Tesla's orders, will sustain high growth. The company has a few more layouts in the electronics sector, and is expected to make a breakthrough.
Billion dollars, $7.84 billion, $852 million; net profit on maternity is $769 million, $917 million and 1, Top Group (601689): Aluminium alloy base plate page contribution major increment 2019-04-19.
Possibilities for the combination of seismic and chassis technology are still present in 2019-02-01 4 and in Top Group (601689): inner adornment pressure release, low-quantitative product line formation in the chassis 2018-08-24
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Topper Group (601689).
Liu Xiaoixing B.A., University of Qinghua, Master of Arts, Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of experience in project management and technology development in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
Topper Group (601689): Downstream proactive stock-taking, my company has no assurance of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.