Downward sales, active and focused on the core city - February sales point evaluation, affected by the epidemic, continue down sales in February.
If the impact of the epidemic is felt, as part of the campaign, the overall industry is weakened by a combination of multiple factors, such as the closure of the premises, the freezing of people, the delay in the start of work, and the disturbance of the rhythm of the wheels. Throughout the year, there is a need to recover or smooth out sales during the end of the epidemic. During the release period, the company is expected to rely on the ground.
The advantages of land reserves in terms of both "mass" and "mass" have been steadily increasing in volume. Wang Hongjia is focusing on the first, second, and core urban clusters, turning to a positive direction.
In February, the company added five new real estate projects, located in Beijing, Guangzhou, Changsha, Zhengzhou, and Shi Jiaxuan, which are based on the development strategy of the core urban community. In February, the company added approximately 1,188,000 square metres of land storage, representing 121.3 per cent of the area sold during the same period; the corresponding total cost was approximately $23,744 million, representing the same amount of land sold during the same period.
54.4% of the value of the sale; the accumulated average floor price of the new earth storage building is approximately $6777/m2, representing 44.9% of the current average sale price, and the company has been active in the opposite direction, further consolidating the land in the core cities of the first and second line.
In the West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, the 1,000th of Luang's Mouth Ring Road was a major sales event and the completion of the project was not expected.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is used by its customers. The company is not treated as a client by the recipient of the report, and has no direct business agreement with it.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.