Researchand Developmentcenter Consumers Electronic Platform-type Enterprise, a sea sky of the day
One Bluestech (300433) covered the first report, Mau Wenwoo, the consumer electronic platform company, the ocean sky of the era.
Lancet: Consuming electronic appearances, year-round performance acceleration. \triangleright BluesTechnology \Technology \Technology \triangleright (300433)
A global consumer electronics smart terminal window and skin protection features industry leader, product orientation package, including smartphones and computers, new energy vehicles and smart cabins, smart head displays and smart wears, and other smart terminals, capable of providing structure, modules and assembly for a variety of products, covering Bolivia.
The company’s business of 2023q1-3 q3 has warmed up the market with the release of new machines for rice, and new ones for large customers have entered the productive season. The company’s new energy vehicle business is well under way, and production capacity continues to rise.
q1 and q2 Mäori rates have improved markedly over the same period, q3 Mäori/net interest rates have decreased over the same period, mainly due to delays in the release of the 2023 Big Clients ' new opportunities compared to previous years, and the Department ' s Promulgated Awards for Restricted Stock has introduced equity incentives as a condition of mobility
Consumer electronics: The recovery trend is clear and the momentum for innovation is weak. The global smartphone q3 is on the right track, and the recovery is expected to continue. Ifind data indicate that the global smartphone 2023q3 is on the right side 2024, i.e., peri, periscope, 5.5g, satellite communications, etc.
In addition, aipc, tablet computers, etc., have been important terminals since the big one broke out, and new products are expected to be launched in 2024. Consumers of electronic appearances are diverse, glass is better, and interference with 5g is low, at no cost.
High, and therefore widely used by endpoints such as mobile phones, computers, watches, etc. The glass covers mainly in 2d, 2.5d, and 3d, with different applications.
Qualitative, performance, etc., and the applications of terminals such as mobile phones evolve from 2d to 2.5d and 3d. 3d tentacle-protected glass panels are better matched to the oed screen, which allows the screen to look larger and have better visual effects.
Infiltration, the use of 3d glass panels is expected to accelerate further. Markets such as folding screens and vr are on the fast track, and companies are expected to continue to benefit.
The launch of the new machines, the Mate 60 series and the 14th series of rice, has had a strong impact on the terminal market. Apple, for its part, has a good customer base and a strong presence in the world, despite the fact that the new machines were launched later in 2023 than in previous years and were under competitive pressure in the Chinese market.
Innovative power, iPhone’s share of income reached 43% in the third quarter of 2023, the highest income share recorded in the past three quarters. Companies are the leading consumer of electronic glass, glass business, rice, and so on. Companies continue to study horizontal expansion, building glass on materials, etc.
Sapphires, metals, ceramics, plastics, etc., can meet a variety of end needs, such as smartphones, smart handsheets, laptops, tablets, etc. In the first half of 2023, in a context of weak demand in the consumer electronics sector and intense competition in the automobile industry, companies were inverse.
The profits of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. are now growing, as is the profitability of vertical integration, reduced efficiency gains, and increased capacity utilization.
Looking ahead, with the gradual import of products from the Yellow Gardens and the Parks, the opening of the 9th House Building on the West End in Beijing City, and the continued increase in productivity in other parks, the efficiency gains have continued unabated.
The Division’s performance is expected to be sustained. Automobile: Electro-intelligence opens up incremental space, the company moves towards the time point. Step by step at the bottom of the technology \triangleright
In November 2023, according to the Federation, China sold 84.0 million new energy vehicles, or 40.5% of them, and China’s new energy vehicle penetration rate was 40.4%, compared to 4.16pt.
On the other hand, the latest data from the market research company rhomotion show that worldwide sales of electric cars in November 2023 created a new historical record of 1.4 million. Glasses are used extensively in cars, including external glass, protective panels, internal glass, new applications, etc.
Automotive intelligence, control screens, dashboards, etc., are being upgraded, and incremental markets such as hud are falling. The consumer experience drives the electronicization of car industry consumption, and innovations such as a single screen are absent. When the power source of an electric car is replaced by an electric power source, it avoids the conversion of oil and electricalization.
The company’s automobile business has grown rapidly and its performance continues to expand. The company’s long-standing area of automobiles, with 2.282 billion dollars in revenue from its new energy vehicles and smart cabin operations in the first half of 2023, has increased in comparison with the previous year.
55.0%. Moreover, despite the competition for new energy cars in the first half of 2023, the company has increased its Māori ratio by 4.29 pct over the same year by deepening its cooperation with high-quality clients, while improving its own management capacity.
In the process of gradual penetration of new energy vehicles, the two major cars are stronger than those of Biade and Tesla, and in addition to the positive transformation of traditional cars, the new forces have made a difference. The company has cut into the supply chains of big plants like Tesla and Biadey, while working closely with traditional cars and new forces, with clients including Ning.
The German era, the BMW, the Mercedes, the general public, the ideal, the U.S., and so on. Looking ahead, the company is expected to grow up with its core clients, increasing its productivity in the income growth process, improving its productivity, improving its course of development, and so on.
\triangleright does not expand as much as expected.1 What about existing operations?
The Lanths Science and Technology Department is the leader of the global consumer electronics end window and skin protection components industry, and has formed a matrix of materials such as glass, sapphire, ceramics, plastics, carbon fibre, and the like for smartphones, pc, smart wear, vrr, cars, etc. The company is out in innovation-driven business expansion, and within it, it produces the most efficient production of automated water.
Vertical integration: Vertical integration is an important achievement and breakthrough in corporate development over the last two years, and with the upgrading of the capacity to assemble the whole machine, it can further consolidate and upgrade the market share of the company’s sophisticated metal structures and protective modules. Sharanth has already produced several high-end mobile phones, and in 2023 has added a large client backstop.
Xianlanth has now passed the advanced R & D and input phase, with quarterly improvements in production operations, and is expected to be an important growth point in the company’s future performance. R & D driver: strong corporate deployment based on future technology R & D, with glass, sapphire, precision ceramics, etc.
Front-line core technologies and processes for processing products such as precision metals, corporate R & D expenditure as a percentage of operating income for the last two years, absolute value of R & D inputs and a higher proportion of R & D personnel in the industry. In recent years, new products such as original glass, 3d glass, titanium alloys, new technologies, new materials, etc. have been brought in as a result of the continued introduction of new products, new technologies and materials.
In recent years, companies have continued to upgrade their efficiency management, optimized in areas such as procurement, production, labour, expenditure, research and development, and improved productivity and productivity, as well as product delivery and quality.
Reclaimed client awards and significant efficiency gains, with management costs falling by 31.83 per cent in 2022 over the same period, a more pronounced downward trend, with improvements in the level of lean management expected to contribute to the growth of performance.
Proximity, self-researched delta-combined robotics, six-axis robots, industrial goods networking systems, etc., have been put into use at various production lines, significantly reducing labour costs and increasing productivity and productivity.
Manufacturing poles, a subsidiary of the metal processing industry, Linsy (Thai State) Ltd., was awarded a demonstration workshop for smart manufacturing in Jiangsu province in 2023. Consumer electronics-related operations. Volume dimensions, end-heating trends are clear, smartphones, pc, etc.
Sub-end-up sales drive demand increases such as glass; price dimensions: first, consumption moves to higher ends, “Bob + glass backboards” are expected to sink further; second, oled is expected to penetrate further, 3d glass covers are expected to fit better or will benefit from synchronization; third, folding screens, vr, etc. are expected to open up the incremental market
Automobile operations: During the gradual penetration of new energy vehicles, the two major drivers of Biade and Tesla are stronger, and the company has moved into the supply chain of major factories such as Tesla and Biadey, while working closely with traditional car factories and new forces, including clients such as Ninder, BMW, Mercedes, the general public, ideal, and so on. Looking ahead, the company is looking forward to the future.
Growing with core clients, productivity utilization in income growth has gradually increased, profit-making has improved simultaneously, productivity efficiency has improved profitability, and control efficiency has further contributed to the marginal improvement in performance. In the company’s subsidiaries in the first half of 2023, the loss and loss of LanceTecht (Long Sand) was reduced, and LanceTechnology (Thai State) was reduced.
In view of the significant improvements in profitability that result from the efficiency and productivity gains, the future will be marked by the gradual import of products from the Yellow Gardens and the Gardens, the gradual opening of production, the continued increase in the utilization of other parks, the steady increase in efficiency gains, and the prospect of a significant increase in corporate profitability. This has been proven in 2023 and sold in the first half of the year.
Both Māori sales/net sales interest rates have improved over the same year, and q3 is expected to pick up faster as large client orders are deferred. Looking ahead, we believe that companies have sufficient profit release capacity to take stock of their investment potential.
LanthyTechnology: Consuming electronic appearances, a little bit more, years of manufacturing experience, sustained product technology innovation, leading business, consumption of electronic appearances, years of power. Lansych is a global consumer smart terminal.
Window and skin-protective components are leading the industry, which has diversified its business pattern. The direction of the company’s products includes smart phones and computers, new energy vehicles and smart cabins, smart head displays and smart wears and other smart terminals, which provide structures, modules and assembly of various products, including glass, sapphire, ceramics, plastics, carbon fibre, etc.
Technology technology has always been core competitiveness, with nine major industries at the start, setting three major industry standards. Companies have focused on technological innovation. As of 20232, companies have been granted 2189 patents, of which 389 have been patented, 1659 have been patented, and 141 have been patented.
In 2023, the Institute of the Rains Industry was set up, and the Institute of Research on Precise Materials, Metals, Chemical Materials, Optical Applications, New Energy, plating,
In the 10 major areas of sex materials, new energy applications, optical applications, artificial intelligence, and so on, there is a continuous process of code addition.
The product design guidelines, product processing limits, product testing standards, developed by the nine major industries that are the first to become industry-wide technologies, have become industry-wide standards for special chemical steel processes.
The first uses cnc technology to form the surface through ion exchange.
The window-protected glass industry has become a common ink industry.
The special glass, precision ceramics and the first-ever white ink printing techniques developed for fingerprint-proof plating are:
Sapphire imports high-end mobile phones, techniques, and takes the lead in the production of four-sided 3d applications.
A flat-plate computer, smart watch, and so on, a glass sheet, the first one to import the yellow light process.
The first to invent a glass hole polish with the first to develop a gradient process of 3d glass front cap manufacturing from
The cross-sectional polishing technology, the upgrading of the cell phone, helped to boost the cellular industry, and enabled the quadruple 3d.
The company has active overseas layouts, with subsidiaries in Viet Nam, Lance, USA, Lenstechnologyjapan, and so on. The company has subsidiaries in Hong Kong, China, Viet Nam, and the United States, serving its global customers.
Innovation drives business expansion, smart-thinking for performance gains Clients are rich in resources, leading to changes in the appearance of the consumer electronics industry. Companies are leaders of innovation in the consumer electronics industry, introducing glass screens to high-end smartphones and tablets for the first time, and introducing ceramics and sapphire materials for the first time.
With smart phones and smart and wearable devices, 3d glass is being applied for the first time to smartphone companies. With excellent products and excellent technology, the company has established stable cooperation with a number of high-quality clients, including Apple, Samsung, Mi, Opo, Vivo, Hua, Glory, Tesla, BMW, Mercedes, Popularity, Ideas, Ulre, Pia.
Accelerating vertical integration of industrial chains towards multiple, disaggregated downstream areas. The company’s main business, which involves many downstreams, such as middle- and high-end smart phones, smart wears, computers, new energy vehicles, smart homes, and photovoltaics, now forms a multifaceted matrix of materials such as glass, blue stones, ceramics, metals, plastics, etc., with the following product patterns:
Glass front and back cover: the company has a series of products such as window-protected glass, back-cap glass, which are light, clear, clean, cut-off, fingerprint-resistant, etc., with a maximum of 98 per cent per cent of the permeability through the two-sided ar process.
Metals: The company has a strong metal material processing capacity, including a variety of new composite materials such as stainless steel, space aluminium, magnesium alloys, titanium alloys, etc.
Sapphires: The company has the production capacity from long-crystal equipment to cut, throw, grind, and produce a single product. The company produces 99.999% of the sapphire, 9% of the moth ' s hardness, close to the diamond, its crystalline, which determines the properties of strength, hardness, hyper-resistance, and >91% of the product permeability.
Accurate ceramics: The company has a variety of formulation techniques, together with a variety of surface processes, with high hardness, long cut, Mox hardness of 9, high temperature, acid-resistant alkaline corrosion, high signal penetration, hand-sensitive warmth, etc. Plastic molds: company-forming equipment is a global top-level masturbator with a variety of product types that satisfy different terminals
Touch control: the company has world-class capacitation touch screens (gf/gff/ogs/gg), flexible touch control technology, filmsensor (10/10umnarrowborder), high accuracy 2.5d/3d precision, fully self-motivated technology and production capacity.
Bioidentification: Corporate technologically autonomous R & D, which can provide diversified solutions for clients, including front-loaded capacitors, back-loading modules, side-side capacitors, off-screen optical modules, etc. assembly: companies are committed to providing vertically integrated end-to-end solutions for global customers with comprehensive solutions
Odm&oem is capable of achieving an automation rate of over 70 per cent and a good rate of over 99 per cent for assembly industry leaders.
The company is the first intelligent manufacturing development team in the industry to develop, manufacture, large-scale application of human intelligence, and will produce manufacturing and industrial Internet, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc.
New technologies are integrated in depth to significantly improve the level of automated data collection and analysis, improve production efficiency and efficiency, and reduce production management costs. Companies have a strong capacity for autonomous manufacturing of specially designed equipment, as well as for the self-manufacturing of assembly kits, molds, support materials, and self-reforming of autonomously developed machinery and equipment to better adapt to the company ' s production line layout and technology.
The industry is ahead of the industry in terms of critical energy, combined efficiency, automation, energy consumption, and emissions. Companies need to be self-sufficient in upgrading or recycling old equipment, prolonging its life expectancy, saving investment in equipment, and achieving significant cost advantages, depending on the production sector’s needs.
Automation equipment: The company established the Lance Smart Robotics (Longsand) Ltd., which autonomously develops and produces high-precision, high-value, high-prevalence industrial robotics and high-end smart manufacturing equipment.
Self-analysing, self-decision-making and technologically advanced control and optimization of human integration, focusing on efficiency, upgrading, quality improvement and cost management change, helping to construct new systems of digital and transparent intelligence-making, moving to a high rate of intelligent growth, creating a new height of industry of 4.0.
Figure 6: Automation Equipment Finance: Growing profitability, improved performance, significant improvement in performance, doubling net profits in the first three quarters of 2023. Companies ' operating income is 20231-3
The company’s performance has improved significantly, and although demand for the consumer electronics sector remained weak in the first half of 2023, it has entered q3 to warm the market, with China and the Miguars releasing new machines and large customers entering the production season. Adding to the company’s new energy vehicle business is going well, capacity use continues to rise, and profitability has improved significantly.
Figure 10: The annual net return of profits and the same-year profitability of companies has improved significantly. q3 single-season Māori/net interest rates have decreased on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to delays in the issuance of new orders by major customers in 2023 as compared to previous years. In addition, companies continue to raise them through lean management.
Upgraded automation and continued success in controlling cost-related expenditures, with 6.32 per cent of corporate sales costs falling, 7.25 per cent of management costs and only $117 million of financial costs.
In 2022, the net operating cash flow of companies amounted to $9,181 million, and yoy+52%. In 2023, apples have received good feedback on innovation in iphone, visionpro, and there has been a recovery in sales by manufacturers such as Hua and Mi, and the company’s business performance is expected to improve continuously.
Financial leverage, which had fallen to 40% by the third quarter of 2023. Equity structures were stable, equity incentives showed confidence, corporate equity structures were clear, and Ms. Zhou and her co-actors were real corporate controllers.
The company actually controls Ms. Chou and her co-operator, Jung Jun Long, through LansyTech (Hong Kong), and Chang Sha Qunhin Investment Consulting, the Changsai Industry Investment, the Hong Kong Central Clearing House, which holds 5.79%, 3.95%, and 3.08% of the shares.
Ms. Zhou Quanfeng holds 100% and 97.9% shares, respectively, of LanthyTechnology (Hong Kong) and Chang Sha Qunjin Investment Advisory Holdings. The equity incentive program has been launched, and there is sufficient confidence in the future.
The announcement of the sex stock introduced the equity incentive scheme, whereby the total interest to be awarded to the incentive target was based on the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company in 2022, the net profits attributed to the shareholders of the listed company in 2023, and the first restricted category of stock awarded for the first sale period.
Second release period for the first category of restricted shares, consumer electronics: recovery trends are clear, innovation power is low, end demand recovery is clear, industry cycles are over.
The global smartphone q3 is on track and recovery is expected to continue. Ifind data show that the global smart player 2023q3 was on the order of 303 million, with the same ring ratio +0.3/+14.1 per cent.
q3 smartphones have fallen steadily, and, according to the Canalys, 2023q3 domestic smartphones have delivered 67 million copies, corresponding to a ring of 4.7%/+3.7% since q3 has been mame.
The series and the 14 series of millet sales outpaced expectations, particularly the larger shares in the industrial chain that China brought back. Looking ahead, new machines will continue to be released in 2024, innovation will continue unabated, and the smartphone market is expected to grow in 2021, with buyers or replacements at the 5g climax.
Figure 23: Trade in smartphones from China ' s market by brand manufacturer, Figure 22: Trade in smartphones and the same ring ratio, China ' s smartphones (millions)
On the pc, 2023q3 is a global delivery of 68 million, aipc is an important terminal, and new products are expected to be launched in 2024. On the tablet, in 2023, there was a decline in housing demand.
A sharp decline in flat-plate shipments, with a recovery expected in 2024. Figure 25: Global shipments of pc by brand manufacturer (thousands) Figure 24: Global shipments of pc and the same ratio
Figure 26: Global flat-plate output and same-year ratio Figure 27: China flat-plate output and same-year evolution trends are clear and innovations such as folding screens increase.
#1: Glass covers are widely used and are important components of consumer electronics. Consumers of electronic appearances are diverse, often including glass, metals, plastics, sapphire, ceramics, etc.
In addition, the sapphire is more powerful in terms of material than glass, and as process-level problems are resolved, costs are set in acceptable areas, and the application landscape is gradually falling. The glass is more complex and is a core consumer electronic component. The glass is usually composed of seven layers, i.e., conductors.
Layers, hard layers, glass layers, hard layers, icon layers, colour oil ink, ir oil ink, etc., with high intensity, good permeability, resilience, anti-branching, anti-fouling, high concentration, etc. #2: changing consumption demand, oled screen penetration, 3d glass panels/glass backboards, etc.
The glass is mainly divided into 2d, 2.5d, and 3d, with different applications. 2d glass is a flat titanium, 2.5d glass has some radians on its side mask, and 3d glass has a radial design on its entire surface.
Figure 31: Flatboard computer applications Figure 32: Plasma glass, which is mainly divided into 2d, 2.5d and 3d 3d glass panels, is better suited for the oed with the synchronization of the oed.
Useful, light, flexible features, and the use and prevalence of soft panels on smartphones make it more possible to protect against glass appearances. 3d tentacle-protected glass covers are better matched to the oled screens, which make the screens look bigger and have better visual effects.
Carpentry products are light, transparent, clean, anti-printing, anti-sight, weather-resistant, and their application is increasingly expected to break 50.8% per year, while 3d glass panels are expected to be used more rapidly. Glass material has a strong edge, and backboard penetration is expected to increase.
And glass is insulated, so there's no interference with the signal, and 5g has already had a higher penetration rate of mobile phones, looking forward to the future, with 5.5 g or even 6 g or applications that will further open the glass backboard to fit in the lower- and middle-end type. Glass process innovation is still ongoing, head brands are new and glass values are increasing.
The Quinlon glass was certified as the world's first Swiss sgs five-star fall-resistant, with a ten-fold increase in its ability to fall. And, according to the official Web, the price of the Quinlon glass is higher, and the cost of replacing the glass varies from $589 to $799. Mi also pushed out his own crystal glass, adding special materials to the stone sand, heating it to 1600 degrees Celsius smelting, plus
It takes more than 80 hours for a long crystal to support the process, which has a hard Wirtschaftsprüfer of 860hvo.025 while maintaining #3: double demand for folding screens, spatial margins improvement in the outer materials market, growth of folding screens, and marginal demand improvements in the external materials.
In the third quarter of 2023, Chinese markets sold 1.98 million folded screen phones, an increase of 175% in the same year, a 70% increase in the ring, and a positive increase in the twelfth consecutive quarter. Of these, China, thanks to the performance of matex3/pockets/matex5, has been ranked first in the folding screen sales, and has followed with honour. The cost and price of folded screen phones have been consistently raised.
In a reduction, some of the current models have been detected in the price range of high-end straight-line mobile phones, and the folding screen is expected to gradually replace the high-end straight-line flag. As the folding screen doubles the demand for caps and backboards, the cpi and utg usage is expected to synchronize and the full-time value is growing rapidly.
#4: The consumer electronics industry is expected to start a new cycle, the apple-breeding videopro was released in 2023 q2 and fast-tracked in 2024. We believe that, as a consumer electronics flagship, the apple ten-year sharpening sword was a milestone in the vr industry process.
And, with the introduction of the spatial computing concept, consumer electronic terminals, including mobile phones, computers, ipad, etc., show a trend towards convergence, with the consumer electronics industry showing a new direction in its development through a further agreement with the Visionpro, and we firmly see the future of the vr industry.
Figure 38: AppleVisionpro Patterns: A clear pattern of competition, firms have built a certain advantage from the industrial chain, top glass being mainly glass-based, plating materials, polishing materials, patching materials, etc.
Raw materials and various types of equipment, midstream glass panels and backboards, etc., eventually applied to smartphones, smart wears, flatboard computers, vehicle displays, digital products, medical equipment, etc. 3d glass is cost-shared with glass panels, patching materials, polishing materials, plating materials, ink, etc.
With 48%, 14%, 9%, 6%, 5%. The glass base plate is the highest, but it is still largely monopolized by foreign firms such as Conning, Shawte, Xiniko, etc. There has been some progress in the Orient Group and Rainbow shares in the country. In terms of the equipment required, the industrial chain involved is more complex, and domestic firms are widely configured.
In midstream, glass backboards/glass covers are produced mainly by Ramsy, Bourne optics, star technology, collusive forces, Tai, Shinzo Light, Ophelia, and Long-Technology, among others. In this context, Lansych has developed a great advantage in the glass sector.
Table 5: Midstream glass backboards/panel companies: Consuming electronic glass leads, diversified matrix perfect
In the context of the revival of the smartphone industry, the company’s core customer sales have grown significantly. The smartphone market has been revised downwards for more than a quarter of a row, and the current industry outlets are now, especially the overall recovery in Andre.
In November 2023, apples, mills, glory, and China were activated in China by 604,544,24.3, and in the fourth fiscal season (commencing to the third quarter) by Appleipone earned $43,805 million, or +2.77%.
Pressure, but Apple has a good customer base and strong innovative power around the globe, with a 43 per cent share of iPhone ' s income in the third quarter of 2023, the highest income share recorded in the third quarter of history, leading by a second quarter of 26 per cent, according to the number of counterpoints.
With years of deep farming, the company has built up a great advantage in the consumption of electronic glass. With years of technological power, the company continues to refine horizontal expansion, with materials forming glass, sapphire, etc.
Metals, ceramics, plastics as a matrix that can meet the needs of many end-users, such as smart phones, smart watches, laptops, tablets, etc.
(b) Smart watch: the company has glass, sapphire, ceramic (back) in the smart watch, ar/vr, etc. aiot class.
One-stop supply and assembly capacity, including liding components, shell casings, crowns, metal (hulls, crowns), touch control, patching, plating (glass, bluestone), etc., to provide clients with one-stop smart wear product solutions Laptop computers: the company provides a, c, d-key solutions based on different metal materials, with both a, c, d-key solutions.
An alternative solution for high-end glass, ceramics, and sapphire. A laptop operation can meet the multi-metametric needs of a client: from a laptop touch panel solution, to structures like gf2, ogs, gff, solid-state optical glues, liquid optical glues and icm, oleds, and then touch panels, touch stripes and pens on the notebook.
Tactile computers: With strong technological capabilities for research and development, precision processing capabilities and a high and stable supply capacity for products, and good industry reputations, companies have worked with domestic and foreign brand depth strategies to protect themselves through integration.
Glass protection, fingerprinting modules, sapphire mirrors, contact control modules, metal structures, etc., zero components for clients. Figure 45: Corporate consumption e-business matrix complete.
In the first half of 2023, in the context of weak demand in the consumer electronics sector and a fierce price war in the automobile industry, firms turned back to profit growth, reflecting a strong increase in profitability as a result of efficiency gains, productivity gains, and higher rates of use.
On a small scale, RanceTechnology (Thai State) has led to a significant improvement in profits as a result of efficiency gains and improved capacity utilization. Looking ahead, the Yellow Gardens and Gardens products are being imported, production is being opened, the productivity of other parks continues to increase, and the efficiency gains are not going to go any further, and companies are expected to make steady progress.
Automobile: Electro-intelligence opens up incremental space, companies have many years of manufacturing experience, continuous product technological innovation leads #1: Electro-intelligence continues, and head manufacturers have a clear advantage
China’s new energy vehicle sales have risen steadily, with a higher penetration rate. In the context of technological progress at the bottom, and a clearer business and policy environment, mainstream cars have been transformed into electric cars.
The latest data from the market research company rhomotion show that global electric car sales in November 2023 created a new historical record of 1.4 million.
In the case of motor vehicles, 70% of electric vehicles sold in November and 30% of plug-in hybrids. Marketly, China’s sales of electric cars rose by 25%, the United States and Canada by 43%, while Europe’s sales fell by 3% compared to the same period in 2022.
Figure 47: New energy vapour penetration in China #2: Glass is used in cars with a variety of applications with a higher value, glass is used in new cars with a great variety of applications. Glass is used extensively in cars, including external glass, security.
With car intelligence, control screens, dashboards, etc., and incremental markets such as hud are gradually falling. According to frost&sullivan, glass is about US$ 4-60 for the protection of the plate, internal glass, and vehicle camera sensors/laser radar, arhud, etc.
Table 8: Prices and quantities of car glass sold #3: Consumption experience drives consumer electronicization in the automobile industry, innovations such as one screen are not surprising
As electric intelligence deepens, the factory has to dig for distinctive features to create brand features, and the two and three screens in the car are constantly emerging. A similar photoscreen innovation in the smart cabin has also been introduced, and the product has been integrated.
Liquid crystal display technology and space optical technology, based on the design of the space optical system to break the physical space limits in the vehicle, can achieve a 40-inch super-large picture.
Fig. 50: Wall is a screen, car-borne business is growing faster, growing with large clients, company automobile business is growing rapidly and performing consistently. The company's area of automobile layout is long, in the first half of 2023.
The company ' s revenue from new energy cars and smart cabins increased by 55.0 per cent over the same period by 2.282 billion. Although the competition for new energy cars was more intense in the first half of 2023, the company increased its cost by 4.29 pct over the same year by deepening its cooperation with high-quality customers while improving its own management capacity.
Figure 51: The collection structure of the company 2023h1 The company has been expanding from glass operations and is improving the matrix of vehicle-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-carrying products. These include electronic glass and assembly, vehicle-car-car-borne controls (structure and functional parts and assembly), window glass, charge-filled pegs, dashboards, etc.
Various types of car electronics, such as columns, b-cylinders, car-load decorations, body structures, rear-view mirrors and navigation devices, can meet the differentiated needs of different customers.
The new energy automobile industry, Beta, is still strong, and companies cut into large factory supply chains. During the gradual penetration of the new energy cars, the two major drivers are stronger than the two companies, Biadi and Tesla, and the traditional car factories have been actively transformed and new forces have become more heterogeneous.
In 2022, the company announced that it would stop producing fuel cars, while technologies such as its blade batteries generated good feedback at the end of consumption. Tesla, as the leader of the new energy vehicle development, maintained a high increase in sales.
In California, Texas, Berlin, and Shanghai, China, the company has entered the supply chain of major factories like Tesla, Biadey, while working closely with traditional car factories and new forces, including the Ninder era, BMW, Mercedes, the general public, ideals, and so on. Looking ahead, the company is expected to follow the nuclear option.
Growing together, the growth of income growth has led to a gradual increase in capacity utilization and a simultaneous improvement in profitability. Figure 57: The main plant and capacity in Tesla, Figure 56: Global sales in Tesla and the same ratio
As the consumer electronics industry continues to warm, the physical structure evolves, and the company ' s new energy vehicle-related operations \triangleright \triangleright
When considering the structure of the product, the main downstream, the customer structure, and the development history, we have selected the most sophisticated, Gore shares, and the log shares as comparable companies. As of the latest trading date (12 January), the value of the company's shares is at the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations: the company's related business if the macroeconomic fluctuations or the resulting consumption of the population are reduced.
The consumer electronics sector has not developed as much as expected: if the consumer electronics sector recovers or is not as expected, it may result in insufficient demand for the industrial chain, thereby affecting the company’s performance.
In November 2022, they joined the Al-Sharf securities electronics group, which was directed to optical, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, and so on. Semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs, etc.
The monthly entry into Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (GSM) Inc., an engineer in the optical machine system, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in December 2022 to study precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts, semiconductor processes, etc., to store chips, simulate chips, etc.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.