The Center for Upgradation and Recreational Studies, the Shanxi wine (60809.sh) has increased (first rating) the country's strength has changed, the Qingixiang has risen and the wine has been revived in due course.
At one time, the wine was used as a “old man” to occupy half of the market, and now back on the road to recovery. 2019 q1-3 wine collected 9.27 million yuan (+25.72%) and returned to the mother ' s net profit of 1,696 million yuan (+33.36%).
The deep-rooted foundations of the “Big Man” period, with a sustained improvement in the internal and external environment, are expected to accelerate the nationalization of the wine. Today, the wine is a natural, differentiated competitive advantage, and the market share is likely to rise.
Brands + Channels work together, and value returns when: 1) brands: as one of the top four brands, the first share of Chinese white wines, the wines of Chinese wines are constantly reinforced by brands and historical advantages as high-end national brands.
(ii) Channels: “13313” distribution of markets since 19; rapid growth and positive development of the provincial markets; and focus of markets outside the country;
At the beginning of the year, “March 6” controlled the market, guaranteed profits from distributor channels, and high-quality sustainable development.
In addition, the company provides protection for sustained performance growth, from employee incentives to governance reform. 2) The amount of primary singles and the demand for Qingixiang is expanding. In recent years, the focus has been on flowers, bounties, and the product strategy of “catching the middle of the belt” has led to performance growth.
Controlling prices, which have been raised twice this year, have grown robustly, and the market outside the province has continued to expand, with 80 per cent of the end-market rate. In 2019, the growth rate is expected to be 50 per cent, while the growth rate in the old white camp has slowed to around 11 per cent. 3) The growth of consumption in the province, the expansion of its external capacity, and the development of new opportunities are approaching.
The economy of Shanxi Province grew at a remarkable rate, with consumption rising to release consumption potential. With the expansion of out-of-town markets and the increase in downfalls, the rate of out-of-town harvests increased significantly, reaching $4.568 billion, or more than 50%, in 18 years.
Liu Xing Xing, food safety risks, macroeconomic downsides, price increases are not as expected, competition in the industry is increasing.
The wine has a long history of 6,000 years, and it is China's first cultural name, and it's the founder of the wine, the “first wine of the nation” and the treasure of the country. It is known as clean, elegant, pure, sweet, long-coloured and white wine.
1.1 The company's history is divided into six phases after a break and deep adjustment: (1) the 1980s-1993: “The Boss” occupied half of the white wine market; (2) the 1994-2001 strategic error of “the famous wine to the people”, for unprovoked counterfeiting.
(c) The external environment was good in 2002-2007, and the wine returned to a period of rapid growth: 4) Growth resumed after the restructuring of the reform in 2008-2012: 5) Three public consumption was restricted in 2013-2014 and the wine industry entered a period of deep adjustment; and (6) Public consumption rose from 2015 to the present and the country moved steadily to boost business activity.
The white wine has a large number of fragrances, which are currently mainly 12, of which the three most important fragrances in the white wine market are the sauce, the fragrance and the fragrance.
The three main actors in the market, the three main types of fragrance, are more balanced with the unique qualities of the three types of fragrance that are widely recognized, the three types of high-end values of the three types of fragrance are representative of the white wine, and the standard set for the white wine of the country. The fragrance of the white wine.
It's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good.
The end-point product has greater room for price upswings. And a significant difference in the taste of fresh white wine from other fragrances can also lead to a somewhat different competitive advantage. A group of consumers have been developed, nationalized expansions have taken place, a “walking” strategy has been developed, and a strong fragrant atmosphere has been created in these three fine white wines.
But the current market rate is relatively low, which means that the market space is larger and the price belts have room for development. With the rapid growth of high-end products in the wines from 2018 to 2019, the expansion of the national market, coupled with the “walking” tactics, we'll be able to make a difference.
In 2018, the "walking wine" cultural tour began in six cities: Jinan, Chengzhou, Hangzhou, Hu and Hote, Shanghai and Xian, and will carry the millennia of wine brewing techniques.
This book was sent to the market. The media covered the event more than 3,000 times, affecting more than 700 million people, and generated a huge resonance within the industry, becoming the "p" of the liquor industry. This year, the cultural feasts of Walking were also set up in Beijing, Tianjin, and Haiguchi.
Breaking through the consumer's old knowledge, the Qingixiang has won a wider development space. And, in the long run, the Qingixiang-style white wine is an international fragrance, with its advantages, and its fermentation can be standardized, which means that it can also be used.
International market acceptance. This year's agreement with Canada's partners to obtain white wine standards in Canada will further advance international standard-setting.
It has a well-defined hierarchy of product matrices from the top to the lower end, with brands such as rum, bamboo leaf, and wine as core product lines. It has an overall brand image of "value logic, stratification, brands supporting each other."
The company always uses quality as the life of the enterprise, maintaining quality first, promoting quality change, enhancing quality advantages, and achieving high quality objectives in their entirety.
Quantities and food safety management systems: further improvement of quality testing capabilities and personnel: progress one