In the first half of the year, the company earned $9.88 billion.
This represents an increase of 23.0 per cent and a net return of $1.36 billion, an increase of 62.3 per cent, of which 2.0 billion yuan, representing a quarterly operating income of $4.71 billion, a net return of $550 million, an increase of 14.1 per cent over the previous year, and a breakthrough in performance.
The volume of business continues to go up, the quality of earnings is relatively strong, revenue is rising significantly, the demand for civil aviation continues to rise, the volume of company operations continues to go up, and in the first half of the year there has been an increase of 12.7 per cent in the capacity of the company to move passengers, and the turnover of passengers has increased by 15.9 per cent, as well as the passenger rate.
7.9% of the increase. Business growth plus higher yield quality, with a significant increase in corporate revenue ratios. • Cost per unit is largely stable, with a break-through forecast, with a slight increase in the first half of the year in the same year's prices, an increase in corporate business volume, and a significant increase in the cost of shipping oil
In terms of non-oil costs, the cost of higher fleet utilization and the cost reduction associated with fine-tuning of cost controls is largely offset by the cost per unit up in the first half of the year as a result of a significant increase in international line operations.
At the cost side, the company’s costs have remained largely stable and its performance has improved, highlighting once again the resilience of low-cost airlines and their ability to grow.
In the long run, the increase in the supply of civil aviation is manageable, and the recovery of demand is expected to boost the civil aviation landscape. It is already undervalued, “buy-in” ratings maintained, and recommended on an ongoing basis.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.