In mid-2024, Spring and Fall Air (601021.sh) reported that: Business resilience was highlighted, profit space was available. Events: Spring and Fall Air issued its mid-term report for 2024. In the first half of 2024, the company realized business income.
q2 operating income and net return on the home side have increased by more than 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The gap narrowed to 0.55 pct over the same period of the year; the return of q2 international regional line capacity to 70 per cent over the same period in 19 years (66 per cent recovery rate for q1), an increase of 1.0 pct over 19q2, and an increase in international regional line recovery rate \triangleright
The dollar, equal to -2.6 per cent, is better able to withstand the fall in the price of the lower season. q2 unit ask costs 0.314, equal to +2.6 per cent, compared to +5.5 per cent in the same period in 19 years, mainly sustained by the increase in fuel costs, the maintenance of high prices, pressure on fuel costs, limited cost increases, and significant regulatory capacity.
There is also room for improvement, and non-oil costs are still falling. In terms of fleet construction, there is a net increase of six aircraft as of June 2024.
1.91-hour gap. There is still room for upswing, first half of the year for non-oil unit costs, aviation taps, precision space availability for positioning, and Sunda securities.
Itd has a high degree of elasticity, low-season elasticity, continued improvement in profitability and business, and maintenance of the Golden House No. 127, Chen Wumenxi Street, in the West Side of Beijing.
Risk factors: demand for travel is not as high as expected, demand for international routes is not as high as expected, oil prices are significantly higher, and the renminbi is at a significant risk of devaluation.
In major areas of transport such as transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, the components of the new wealth inflows in 2021 and 2022 were not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations that the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.