Starwoo's first-time coverage report, product and customer penetration at the top, with a continuously rising share, is the country's best car-light manufacturer, with a large market growth space and a rising share.
1) The global automobile lighting market in 2015 is estimated to be about $22.7 billion, and the total global market is expected to reach $27.7 billion by 2021. Market concentration is high, with the top five companies combined accounting for about 73.3% of the market share.) China ' s carlight market has much room for growth, as it takes advantage of it.
With an increase in vehicle sales and an increase in the penetration rate of Led lights, we expect domestic lights to be in excess of $50 billion in 2017. 3) The company is the country ' s best lamp manufacturer, and its share in the market continues to rise in the form of domestic parts and components in lieu of imports, 2011-2016.
Corporate products move up-end, intelligently, and the unit price and value added increase. 1) The unit price and the Māori share of light products are low-to-high, respectively, small, post-combined lights and headlights.
The share of future forward lights is expected to increase even further in the number of front lights projects such as Shinbao, Golf, Maiten, Audia 3, and q5. 2) In light sources, companies are actively developing led technologies, producing 500,000 sets of light and accompanying projects every year.
Adding value, replacing traditional halogen lamps can bring companies higher levels of Maori and improve product competitiveness. 3) Corporate afs and adb front lights technologies have been successfully developed and rolled out, relevant models have been applied, and future smart car lamps will be a big trend.
Market data (2 June 2017) Corporate clients infiltrated from autonomous brands to joint brands, further breaking into luxury cars. 1) Clients are national and international car manufacturers, with wider coverage.
In 2016, the company obtained orders from the Odia 3 and o5 front lights project and entered the luxury car market. 3) Cooperation with new customers and entry into the new energy car market. 4) The company is also common.
Cars and Chrysler are among the globally qualified suppliers identified by China, some of their products are exported from the Euro-American region, which entered the BMW Global Supply Chain System in 2016. Corporate growth projects are moving steadily, and capacity bottlenecks are expected to be eased.
Landing in 2016, $1.27 billion was raised at a price of $41.09 for the Gilling Long Spring Base expansion project and for motor electronics and lighting research and development. The subsidiary Gilling Sung-woo's annual production of 1 million headlights project was launched, and the first phase is expected to be launched in June 2017.
Production, phase II is expected to start in early 2018, with a total of 500,000 headlamps and 800,000 post-combined lamp production capacity. As the targeted incremental projects move into production, corporate capacity bottlenecks are expected to ease and guarantee sustained growth in corporate incomes.
The product is high-end, intelligent, client penetration into high-end, luxury cars, and the market share is expected to increase continuously, with earnings and profits continuing to grow at a high rate. We believe that the company is reasonably valued as doing well; 3) the new plant is not using as much as expected.
The global market for car lighting in 2015 was about $22.7 billion, with the top five firms occupying a higher market share.
According to the report, the global automobile lighting market in 2015 was close to $22.7 billion, an increase of 5.4 per cent over the previous year, and is expected to reach about $27.7 billion by 2021. The top five companies in the global automobile lighting market are Koito, Japan, Valeo, France, and Maniema, Italy.
The market share in 2015 was about 73.3 per cent, with a higher concentration. The domestic front-loading of car lights was more than $50 billion.
Lights, halogen lamps, thorium lamps to led are growing in volume. The unit price of halogen lamps is about $400, thorium lamps about $1,000, while the vehicle lights are up to $2,000.
Lights, depending on the source of the light, range from about $1,300 to $4,500. Considering that there is still room for growth in domestic vehicle sales, as well as the increase in led penetration, we expect more than $50 billion of domestic front-loading capacity in 2017.
The stock of Starwoo has become the country’s largest manufacturer of domestic lamps, competing in domestic markets with the domestic joint venture of internationally renowned car-light suppliers. Foreign brands often enter their supply systems by forming joint ventures with domestic automobile groups, such as the Shanghai minibus.
In 2011-2016, the company, the main client of the joint venture of Japan’s Little House, was the popular and generic brand under the flag. Starwoo’s share income continued to grow at a high rate, consistently above the industry average.
The market share of companies continues to rise in the case of domestic production of domestic parts and components instead of imports. The company has the advantage of being close to its customers and fast-tracking services to meet their needs at all stages of product design, production, and post-sale.
The company ' s market share has continued to rise: 1) According to Marklines, in 2014 small car lights ranked first at 37% of China ' s car light market, with a share of about 6% of the stock market, ranking fourth with Faleo; 2) we measure that the share of the stock was in the market in 2011
Figure 6: Competition patterns in China ' s car light market in 2014 (%)
In 2016, the company took over 138 new projects, of which 19 were front lights, 45 were post-package lamps, 118 were bulklight projects, and the ongoing new quality projects were an important driving force in the company’s development.
The company has experienced capacity constraints for the first two years, with a slower rate of output growth. The company ' s project officially landed in 2016, raising a total of $1.27 billion at a price of $41.09, mainly for the Gilling Changchun production base expansion project and car electronics and lighting.
In March 2016, the subsidiary Gilling Starwood began production and is expected to be productive once all have been achieved.
1 million headlamps, 1 million post-combination lamps, 1 million headlights. The first phase is expected to be launched in June 2017, and the second phase is expected to be launched in early 2018, all of which will result in 500,000 headlamps, 800,000 post-combination lamps, covering mainly one customer.
Volkswagen, Volkswagen Toyota, Volkswagen Honda, East Wind Nitrogen, etc. 3. High-end product + intelligence, unit price and profitability increase oem market: from small to backlights to headlights, products move up to high end.
After entering a new customer supply chain system, it usually starts with a low-mori small light project, and when it is recognized, it expands to a higher Maori post-combined light project, and finally to a high-mori front lamp, with an increased share of sales of large front and back-combined lights throughout the process. According to the Automotive Industry Yearbook, 2013-2015
In 2016, the company received several new headlight projects, such as the roll-out of Xianggs4, Shinyo, Golf, Maiten, etc.
The Odyssey 3 and q5 front lights project and the German BMW Global Platform are accompanied by f45/f46lci after-lights: active development of led technologies to replace halogen lamps. Led has the advantage of long life, high brightness, low stress safety, small individual build-up, short light time, energy saving, etc.
In order to successfully roll out the led product as a share of the market, the company actively developed the relevant technology and acquired project qualifications at the national and provincial levels. In 2014, the company produced “500,000 sets of led lamps per year and light-driven technologies”.
Figure 10: Company development of led-related technology Electronic system design: Smart car lamps are trends. Smart car lighting technology includes mainly afs and adb systems. Afs are able to match the lights with the direction wheel angle of the car, vehicle deviation rates and speed of movement.
Momentum regulation to align the direction of the light with the current direction of the vehicle, provide full-scale safety lighting and enhance driving safety. The company ' s first afs front lamp was successfully developed in 2014 and has produced a mass-aggs4. The adb front lights are derived from the afs technology, not across the street.
In 2016, the company's adb headlights were developed successfully and will be used in Kae Wing (the brand of cars under Chirry's flag) and other mainframe plants.
4. Client outreach: from autonomy to joint ventures, the company ' s clients from home to overseas are national and international car manufacturers, covering a wide range of German and Shanghai publics; the solar system includes a gas toyota, a gas toyota, and a Japanese production in the east; the American system includes Shanghai Universal;
Autonomous brands include Chirre, a steamed chariot, a car car, North Volvo Fukuda, and so on. Clients are expanded from autonomous brands to joint brands, and the model is inbound from low- to medium-to-high-end.
As the company ' s largest customer, sales earned 38.18 per cent of the revenue. In 2014, the market opened up the entire car factory ' s customers and the revenue from a single ton of Toyota rose from 2.23 per cent to 14.58 per cent. In terms of high-end customers, in 2014 the company successfully acquired the Odisuv post-commodity light development project and passed through Germany.
BMW's suppliers were evaluated and received side-direction lamps, charging lights, and development projects. In 2016, the Odya 3, 05 front-lights project was successfully introduced into the Odí supply chain. At the same time, the company worked with new customers to open the market for new energy vehicles.
In 2016, the company gained access to the German BMW Global Platform set-up f45/f46lci, and entered the BMW Global Combination System.
The company is expected to increase its registered capital from HK$ 63 million to HK$ 193 million and its total investment to HK$ 700 million in 2016, when the company replenished the Hong Kong company.
The valuation level was lower than the industry average, 25 x below the industry average of 28 x in 2017, and Peg below the industry average. Considering the wide scope of the car lighting market, the company acted as a leader in domestic capital, and the product was high-end, smart.
We believe that the company's reasonable value is 29 times greater in 2017, giving the first “increase 1) in the volume of automobile sales less than expected, and that the use of vehicles is affected by the downside of the acquisition tax credit policy and the profits of the company.
2) New customers and new products are not proceeding well; 3) new plants (Girling and Fushan) are not using as much as expected. Dong Wu Securities Inc. has been accredited by the China Securities Supervisory Board and has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board