The benefits of integration are clear, refrigerant taps can be covered for the future for the first time with an integrated industrial chain with full benefits for downstream fluorinated workers: mega-stocks have been released for more than 20 years.
The company will be able to achieve liquid chlorine, dichloromethane, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene and tridane, starting with the purchase of raw materials such as industrial salt, methanol and electro-stone.
Fully autonomous production processes for products such as refrigerants, fluorine polymers, fluorine fine compounds, in which trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, methane chloride, etc., are world leaders, sufficient to meet the relative depth of 300 indexes.
The high degree of integration of the raw material needs of their own fluorinated industries has allowed companies to maintain high start-up and delivery efficiency in a variety of complex situations, such as price increases, low demand and incentives for price competition.
The refrigerant industry has come to an end, and the cost advantages of the chlorinated upturn have become more pronounced: based on the current transition from a second to a third generation in our refrigerant industry and the short-term difficulty of large-scale applications of four generations of refrigerants, three generations of refrigerants are expected to increase steadily in recent years.
Winter is over, three generations of refrigerant prices and price differentials have been significantly repaired since the third quarter of 2021 at the cost end, demand end, and multiple factors at the supply end.
The cost advantage of the generic raw material outsourcing enterprise is 25,165.68 yuan per tonne, and the cost advantage becomes more apparent as the price of the chlorinated material moves higher. Size and cost are the two most important advantages of the company in the quota contest, and performance will naturally change as the price of the refrigerant rises and the price differentials rise.
Good, and with three generations of refrigerant quota management, increased concentration in the industry, the market share of the company and the performance of the main business are expected to rise again.
Starting with a rapid upswing in September, the company increased its capacity from 2,500 tons/year to 3,500 tons/year, production and, in terms of overall industry demand and productivity growth, pvdf is still in a state of relative balance between supply and demand the following year, combined with downstream demand maintaining a tolerance for higher product prices.
By the end of this year, the company’s ptfe output will double, while its own r22, tfe output will remain sufficient to cover the production needs of 40,000 tons of ptfe per year in the future.
S0270070001. Overall, fluorinated polymers are attached to upstream refrigerants, industry cycle changes are highly relevant to the refrigerant industry and are expected to be closely linked to the refrigerant industry in the future.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: in the light of our judgment on future price trends for fluorinated refrigerants and fluorinated polymers, we expect to split the operating income of the company’s existing main business in 2021-2023
Risk factors: less than expected risks in refrigerant production, less than expected risks in product downstream demand and export demand, less than expected risks in refrigerant prices, less than expected risks in export demand for fluorinated products, less than expected risks in research and development for fluoropolymer production.
Giant Holdings is one of the eight major chemical production bases of the former Ministry of Chemicals, the main fertilizer and organic chemical products. Since the introduction of advanced technology in foreign HFC production in the 1990s, through sustained R & D inputs and expansion of capacity, it has evolved into a leading enterprise in the national fluorine industry that has accumulated industrial chains, scales, technologies, brands, brands, brands, brands, brands, etc.
Markets, resources, etc. have a number of competitive advantages in the development of fluorinated industries. Currently, Zhejiang Giant Co. Ltd. has a leading domestic fluorinated industry and complete fluorinated industry with fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, basic chemical materials, food packs, petrochemical research and development, production and marketing.
The chemical industry has a self-contained system in which the market size and production capacity of the main products in question are at the forefront of the industry, moving on to new energy materials and semi-conductor industries. The largest shareholders in mega-shares are mega-groups, which hold as much as 52.6% of mega-stocks.
The two main shareholders in the group are Zhejiang State Finance Committee and Zhejiang Finance Development Corporation, the real owners of Zhejiang Finance Development Corporation and the People’s Government of Zhejiang Province, which together hold a 100% direct share in the Giant Group, i.e., the real owners of the mega-stocks by Zhejiang State Finance Committee and Zhejiang People’s Government.
In the meantime, the company, through investment and cooperation, has entered the new track, and has joined the Integrated Circuit Industry Fund to set up the China-Middle-Key Technology Company Ltd. The main business of this technology is e-wet chemicals, electronic gas and pre-drive materials, which are the first domestic production and supply of 1 x nanoscales.
Enterprises with electronic-grade hydrofluoric acids. Chart 2: Corporate equity structure Zhejiang Giant Co. Ltd. Main operations include fluorine refrigerants, fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated polymers and food packagings
Materials, basic chemical products, petrochemical materials in which the fluorinated industry-related business is the company's current core industry Fluorine refrigerants: mega-stocks have been gradually transformed from basic chemical industry enterprises into China's leading fluorinated industry enterprises and, after many years of development, their fluorinated refrigerant products cover second-generation Hcfcs refrigerants (r22) and third-generation Hfcs refrigerants
The company currently owns three generations of refrigerants with a combined capacity of more than 250,000 tonnes, and is in the top position in the country, and produces blends of refrigerants r404a, r407a, r507 and so on on on the basis of individual refrigerants, fully meeting customer diversification needs. For the fourth generation of hfo refrigerants, there are currently two sets of HFC-4-based refrigerants.
Production devices, of four varieties with a combined capacity of about 8,000 tonnes/year, are once again at the forefront of the country in terms of technology and size. With the steady implementation of the Montreal Protocol and related Kigali amendments, the cost advantage of a third generation of HFC refrigerants and the size of the production capacity of a company are expected to lead to greater market competition for the company in a quota contest and quota application
Fluorinated industrial feedstocks: The company ' s main products are hydrohydroxyfluoric acid (ahf), methane chloride (cms) and perchloroethylene (pce), with capacity of 100,000, 650,000 and 60,000 tons respectively, and plate total capacity of 940,000 tons, mainly to meet the company ' s own production needs for HFC refrigerants and other fluorinated products. In recent years, due to a decline in cycles, it has been required to produce fluorinated refrigerants and other fluorinated products.
The price of refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, and other products such as refrigerants, fluorinated polymers have been depressed by the lack of demand for refrigerants and strong market competition, and the production, harvest and Maori of the company's fluorinated raw materials have declined significantly, while the fluorinated materials portfolio performance is expected to recover gradually as the refrigerant industry moves towards the end of the baseline year.
Fluorinated polymer material: The total capacity of the company ' s fluoropolymers is over 130,000 tonnes/year, the capacity of the fluoropolymers is over 40,000 tonnes/year, and the capacity of products such as hfp, ptfe, faep, fkm, pvdf, among them ptfe with an annual capacity of 20,000 tonnes, pvdf with an annual capacity of 3,500 tonnes, and fep with an annual capacity of 3,000 tonnes/year and between the second half of this year and the first half of next year.
The production of fluorinated polymers by 2021h1 increased by 7.27 per cent from the previous year, with plate collection reaching $1,006 million, or 41.32 per cent from the same year. As the company's new production became operational and the supply and demand structure of the pvdf, high-end ptfe products continued to be strained, it was expected that the company's fluorinated polymer operations would continue to grow at a faster rate in the future.
Food packaging material: The food packaging material plate of the megastock is dominated by pvdc products and includes vdc, pvdc, pvdc membrane, pvdc emulsion, ma resin, with a total capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year.
Technology is the core technology that has been developed over more than a decade of scientific research and has the sole right to own the country’s intellectual property. The company continues to promote the extension and cross-cutting replacement of industrial chains such as pvdc water coatings, pvdc membranes.
The company has initiated a major asset reorganization to acquire 20% of Zhejiang Petroleum Chemical Ltd., held by Zhejiang Giant Investment Co. Ltd., mainly from petrochemicals.
After the acquisition is completed, the company collaborates in the development of new petrochemical materials in follow-up to the refining project and further develops new petrochemical materials in the firm.
The basic chemical industry is highly competitive, and the products of the plate include, inter alia, hydrochloric acid, alkali, sulphuric acid, chloric acid, liquid chlorine, calcium chloride, liquid ammonia, carbon dioxide, methanol, among which products such as liquid ammonia, synthetic ammonia, methanol, etc. have a voice in Zhejiang and Jiangsu. A solid chemical material base supports the development of the fluorine industry.
Fluorine-based fine chemicals: company-based fluorinated fine chemical plate products, including sodium tetrafluoropropanol, tetrafluoropropanol, heptafluorobromopropane and hydrofluoropropane, are used mainly in medicine, pesticides, fine-chemical intermediates, etc.
In terms of size and income ratio, fluorinated fine chemicals are relatively small business plates for companies, but they have a bright future in terms of a rich product structure and a higher value added in the fluorinated industrial chain.
Food packaging Fluorine fine basic chemical
Petrochemicals Fluorine feedstocks Refrigerants
Fluorinated polymers Industrial materials tetrafluoropropyl Acid
Sulphuric acid, chlorine, waterless hydrofluoride, n.propanol,
Sodium, tetrafluoride tfe, ptfe, sulfonic acid, II
Acid, methane, r134a, r125, enzyme,
Procol, VII hfp, faep, sulphur oxide, etc.
Chloride, r143a, r410a cyclohexone,
Pvdc et al. mix fkm,pvdf
Fluorinated bromopropane tetrachloroethylene, trichloroethylene
Refrigerants continue to be the most influential factor in revenue collection, with fluorinated value-added operations performing precipitatingly. In terms of revenue collection, basic chemical products and refrigerants are the two operations with the highest share of corporate revenue, which together account for more than 55% of corporate revenue, and mega-stocks still maintain strong competitiveness in traditional chemical industries.
Refrigerant industry cycles are highly relevant, but the overall level of recovery is relatively stable, with a share of about 14 per cent in the first three quarters of 2021, and fluorinated polymers are expected to generate significant growth in company performance as plate-input projects return to folding and refrigerant cycles. Fluorine fine chemicals are now larger in the company’s many business plates.
Small, but considering that the technical threshold and value added of the plate is the highest in the field of fluorinated industries, companies are expected to reap significant performance in the future process of increasing production and technological breakthroughs. Māori, in terms of composition, was reported as the largest contributor to fluorinated chemical products as of 2021.
Contributions amounted to 28% of total Māori, amounting to $249 million. The industry cycle recovery that benefited from upstream feedstock hydrofluoric acid, the increase in the price of chlorinated products supported by improved supply and demand structures, the refrigerant performance of the company’s core business was gradually restored, and the contribution of the plate Māori rose from 9.73% in 2020 to 15.47% of 2021h1.
The Māori rate has declined as the refrigerant cycle descends, while the fluoropolymer and fluorinated fine chemicals business has maintained relatively high Māori levels, particularly in the fluorinated chemical industry, with a 45.38% Māori rate for products in 2020. The two high value added businesses of the company have good prospects for development, with the refrigerant industry side-by-side.
Figure 6: Māori composition of main business H1 in 2021 (millions of yuan) Figure 7: Māori rate of the main business component of the main business sector (%)
Domestically, it remains the most important region for companies to generate income, and the share of overseas revenues has risen in recent years. In recent years, the share of China’s mainland businesses has continued to decline, while the share of foreign operating income has continued to rise. In 2020, the share of mainland China’s operating income was 44.98%, a decline of 30.08%, and the share of foreign operating income was 21.33%, an increase of 79.70%.
In the United States, where the phase-out of refrigerants was under way earlier, the global fluorine industry moved gradually to developing countries, including my own country, and the build-up of the epidemic prevented overseas production from stimulating demand for imported Chinese refrigerant products. Figure 8: Sub-regional receipts and share (billion yuan, %)
From 2016 to 2018, the supply side reforms, chemical safety and environmental regulations, etc., tightened the supply of fluorine products such as fluorescent stones, hydrofluoric acids, refrigerants, and the demand side was driven by downstream household electricity consumption, the fluorine industry went up-to-date, with high prices leading to a significant increase in company performance.
The year 2018 was the peak of the company ' s performance during the cycle, with the company achieving operating income of $15,656 million during the reporting period, with a net profit of $2,153 million and a gross profit rate of 24.62 per cent and 13.94 per cent, respectively, reaching the highest level of profitability since the company ' s inception.
At the bottom of the line, the supply and demand structure of refrigerants deteriorated and corporate performance declined. By 2020, the price battle for three-generation refrigerant quotas had officially begun, adding to the abysmal demand under the new crown epidemic, and the company’s performance had been fast-tracked, with a net return profit of 95 million yuan a year, a Māori rate and net interest rate of 9.26 per cent and 0.64 per cent, respectively, and performance was on the market.
Since 2021, the recovery in downstream demand has been coupled with a strong rise in the prices of raw materials and an overall upturn in the prices of major products such as refrigerants, fluorine polymers, among which the prices of single tons of products such as r125, r134a, pvdf have doubled compared to the same period last year. Higher prices and demand for the sale of main products have contributed to a recovery in corporate overall performance, with 2021q3 yuan.
Figure 10: Mother-to-child net profit and year-to-year growth rates (in billions of yuan, per cent) The company ' s sales and financial cost rates have remained relatively stable. The administrative cost rates have continued to rise because the company ' s expansion in recent years has led to large increases in employee remuneration and depreciation spending on equipment.
On the cost side, there was a significant decrease in management costs in 2018, mainly due to the use of new accounting standards by companies and the deduction of technology development fees from management costs. The fluctuations in financial costs are mainly due to the increase in the size of the company ' s export operations and the increased impact of exchange gains and losses on financial costs. On the sale costs, and on the other hand, they are related to 2016.
Compared to the year, the cost of corporate sales rose by 3351 per cent to 490 million yuan in 2020, mainly due to the expansion of overseas operations and a marked increase in export and transport costs.
Figure 13: Three rates (%) Reverse layout expansion of production capacity and tighter cash flow controls. In order to improve the integrated industrial chain and compete for three generation refrigerant production quotas, the company made sustained investment in expansion of production between 2016 and 2019, with projects involving chlor-alkali industries, fluorine systems, etc.
At present, the company produces 450,000 tonnes of cms per year, 130,000 tonnes of technical adaptation projects, etc. Many ongoing construction works are being completed this year, and according to the company ' s disclosure, the company ' s 10,000 tonnes/year pvdf project has been constructed in 3,500 tonnes/year, with the remaining 6,500 tonnes/year expected to be completed in the first half of 2022, while the remaining production with the pvdf device is being completed in the first half of 2022.
The remaining 13kt/ahcfc-142b project master devices have been put into operation. Construction works are progressing towards further upgrading of the company’s productive capacity, expanding the product category, and providing a good basis for the company’s progress towards becoming an international leader in the fluorinated industry.
The cash position of activities and fund-raising activities adjusts cash expenditures such as property items, investment expansion, etc., with companies operating in 2020 falling due to the expiry of their assets and lower investment in capital construction; net cash flows from fund-raising activities rose by $821 million compared to the previous year, an increase of 108.03 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly from a small number of shareholders.
In recent years, the ratio of mega-equity assets and liabilities has continued to rise, largely as a result of intense industrial competition and a decline in corporate blood capacity over the past two years, which led to a significant increase in raw materials accounts payable. In the third quarter of 2021, corporate assets and liabilities stood at 23.37 per cent, while the levels of mega-debts remained low, and healthy asset-liability structures allowed companies to be more comfortable with the ground.
Quota price battles and chemical price shocks, leading domestic fluorinated industry companies in their quest for a three-generation global tap for HFC 2.1 chemicals, with three-generation refrigerants entering the middle of the baseline year.
Fluoride (the main ingredient, calcium fluoride) is the main raw material in the upper chain of the fluorinated industry, and based on its second-largest resource advantage in the world, our country is now a major fluorinated country, the main exporter of fluorinated products and their raw materials. Fluorinated chemicals are the largest product group of the fluorinated industry and can be used as refrigerants, blowing agents, and extinguishers.
Fire agents, precision components cleaners, etc., where refrigerants are the main applications of fluorinated chemicals and some fluorinated chemical monomers are the main raw materials for fluorinated molecules.
The second generation of refrigerants hcfcs is less damaging to the ozone layer, but it has a greenhouse effect. The third generation of refrigerants hfcs is no longer destroying the ozone layer, but it still has a greenhouse effect.
But the main patents and applications are still overseas, and we are still in the R & D testing phase, and we have not yet started to apply large-scale models. As a result, three generations of refrigerant will continue to dominate our refrigerant market in recent years.
The three generations of refrigerant are in the process of quota management and phase-out. Before 2013, the two generations of refrigerants were the dominant refrigerant group, the 2015 phase-out of the second generation of refrigerants was started, and by 2020 it was 35% lower than the 2009 - 2010 baseline level, and is now in the transition period for the second and third generation of refrigerants.
The third generation of refrigerants also entered the baseline year in 2020, and by 2024, the higher the amount of quotas that we will be entering in the third generation of refrigerants, the higher the amount that will be obtained in 2024 and beyond. So, based on the previous second generation of refrigerant quotas, refrigerants are sold to the market to capture the future of three generations of refrigerant market voice in the future quota management phase.
With quotas on the ground, there will be an increase in the concentration of the refrigerant industry, with existing refrigerant headlines expected to account for more than 2.2 refrigerant prices, which are now on the upper route, industry stops to the “to the dark moment” of the first year of price battle of the 2020 epidemic plus baseline, and the refrigerant industry is gradually gaining ground.
In the second half of 2021, the prices of the second and third generations of mainstream refrigerants began to move up the road, supported by costs such as a tightening of energy consumption and a high increase in the price of raw materials, with the highest prices of r134a rising to 51,000 yuan per ton in the second half of the year, r125 to 57,000 yuan per ton and r32 ton in the second half of the year.
Twenty thousand yuan per ton, the highest price of R22 is 27,000 yuan per ton. While refrigerant prices have declined since mid-November, as a result of the “double-limit” liberalization and reduced cost support for raw materials, the overall price is still at a high level in the base year. During this period of price change, we found that the increase in refrigerant prices was not only sufficient to cover it.
The price increases for the main raw materials hydrofluoric acids, chlorinated substances and the difference between the price of refrigerants and the cost of raw materials have improved significantly, with a significant space difference of r134a, r125, r22, and a marked improvement in the level of loss, even though the price difference remains negative, r32.
We believe that the level of profitability of refrigerant producers in the second half of 2021 is expected to be significantly repaired. Figure 23: Price trends and price differentials ($/t) in the last year of r32
Figure 24: R22 Price trends and price differentials (in yuan/tons) from the end of supply, three generation refrigerant baseline year to end in 2022, followed by quota management, which means three generations of refrigerant supply will tighten in step after 2022.
At the same time that the refrigerant exits the application stage, the four-generation refrigerant market is difficult to open, and the demand ratio of the three-generation refrigerants in the entire refrigerant market will rise in step. At the end of the feedstock, the upstream refrigerant raw materials are fluorescent, electro-stone, liquid chlorine, hydrofluoric acid, which are energy-intensive, high-emission industries, subject to frequent regulatory influences and constant price fluctuations, combining cost-end energy.
In the context of tighter consumption controls, increased energy costs for the production of refrigerants and their raw materials, and pressure on the supply of raw materials, among other things, we believe that three-generation refrigerant prices will either escape the low point since 2020, that some of the products will remain at current levels, and that the restoration of the profitability of the production industry will not be a short-term trend, but rather a possibility.
Improved and stable up-to-date prices of refrigerants. 2.3 Upstream supply of materials is limited, and the cost of chlorination is driven by the increase in the price of refrigerants in the current round, which is driven by an improvement in supply-demand relationship and higher prices of raw materials, of which trichloroethylene, trichloroethylene, trichloroethylene, trichloroethylene,
The main reason is the continued high prices of chloroethylene, trichloromethane, and dichloromethane. Since the second half of the year, some of the manufacturers ' parking has been overtaken by energy consumption and control policies, and the domestic chlorination industry as a whole has not begun to operate at a high capacity, combined with the fact that overseas sources are not sufficient to fill the demand gap, leading to a gradual tightening of supply and demand structures and the upstream of mainstream refrigerants.
The rapid detection of stockpiles of materials trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, trichloromethane and dichloromethane has led to a steady increase in product prices, at least 65 per cent more than at the end of last year, especially the doubling of the price of ethylene trichloroethylene and tetrachloroethylene (TCP) per tonne more than at the beginning of the year. While currently benefiting from the liberalization of supply regulation, increased imports, lower prices of raw materials such as upstream liquid chlorine, etc.
Chloride start-up rates and stocks have recovered markedly and prices have begun to fall, but overall chlorine prices are still high, with some impact on the cost support of refrigerant prices and the suppression of the start-up rate. Given the amount of refrigerant raw materials used, the production of 1 ton of three-generation refrigerant requires the consumption of about 0.8 to 0.9 tonnes of hydrofluoric acid and 1.35 tonnes of hydrofluoric acid.
1.8 tonnes of chlorinated substances, the cost of which is more sensitive to changes in the price of the chlorinated monotons. High chlorine prices add to the cost burden on refrigerant manufacturers, especially in times of price war when cost escalation companies cannot fully release through product price increases, industry-wide start-up rates continue to be suppressed, product stocks are structurally reduced and upstream raw materials rise.
The stock of the most expensive r125 and r134a products continues to be low. Given the subsequent lack of new energy inputs, the difficulty of returning to the low price of hydrofluoric acids and chlorides for the first time in the same period last year, and the fact that strong regulatory factors, such as double limits, stifle the start-up rate, we believe that the current level of prices for refrigerant products is expected to stabilize gradually and that the highly integrated refrigerant plants have significant advantages.
Businesses have been able to improve their performance significantly through r125 and r134a. Looking back at the price trends for this wheel of chlorine and refrigerants, the impact of chlorination on the cost and unit price of refrigerants has been significant, especially during the benchmark year when prices are being felt, and we believe that the advantage of refrigerant manufacturers that can prepare their own chlorinated chemicals will be more pronounced.
Figure 28: Refrigerant banks (tons) 2.4-scale cost advantages, target 3 generation refrigerant half-walled mountain mega-stocks developed over more than 20 years and converted from basic chemical industry to China ' s fluorine industry leader
In industry, a complete fluorinated industrial chain comprising basic raw materials, fluorine refrigerants, organic fluorides, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated chemicals, etc., is formed, and the production of fluorinated raw materials, such as trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene and methane chloride, can be safely world-class enough to meet its own demand for feedstocks in the fluorinated industry, with significant cost advantages.
The Division’s main business in the field of fluorinated industries consists of organic fluorinated and inorganic fluorinated compounds, of which fluorinated refrigerants are the company’s most important current fluorinated industrial product. In the case of second-generation refrigerants, megaization has achieved the second-largest r22 quota in the country through the acquisition of subsidiaries, and in recent years has increased production capacity to meet the raw material demand for fluorinated polymers downstream, including through technological adaptation;
For the popular pvdf raw materials of the moment, r142b, megaization, while not receiving an outlet quota, also planned to produce 20,000 tonnes/year of capacity-applied pvdf projects together. Three generations of refrigerant monomer were mainly r125, r32, r134a, r143a, with a combined capacity of more than 250,000 tonnes, and three generations of refrigerant sub-groups were ranked nationally.
In the first three years, the combined production capacity is the highest in the country, and the combined refrigerants r404a, r407a, r507 etc. For the fourth generation of hfo refrigerants, there are currently two HFC-4 production units with a total of four varieties with a combined capacity of about 8,000 tonnes/year, moving back to the country in terms of technology and scale.
Inorganic fluorinated products are mainly hydrofluoride (ahf) and hydrofluoric acid (bhf), of which hydrofluoride has a current capacity of more than 100,000 tons, has been able to cover 40 per cent of the demand for hydrofluoride raw materials in downstream fluorinated industries, and is still in the planning process for continuous upgrading of production capacity.
The cost advantages of industrial integration are significant, and the price increases for chlorinated substances are fully beneficial. Larger shares are equipped with a complete “chlorfonyl-refrigerant” industrial chain, starting with the purchase of raw materials such as industrial salt and methanol, and companies are able to complete the process of producing liquid chlorine, dichloromethane, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene and three generations of refrigerants without fear of high liquid chlorine prices.
As a result, the production costs of chlorinated substances have risen sharply, and high operating market unit prices for chlorinated substances do not affect the normal production of refrigerants. A high degree of integration allows companies to maintain a high start-up rate for refrigerants in the price increases for raw materials, with significant cost advantages.
The cost of raw materials for refrigerants has been reduced by more than 30%. For example, r125, which is currently supported by the price increase of raw materials, the price of tetrachloroethylene rose from a maximum of $5,100/tonne at the end of last year to $19,000/t, and the cost of raw materials in r125 rose from around 50% to 65%.
The raw material cost of 1 tr125 is approximately $25165.68/t, the raw material cost of the hydrofluoric acid is approximately $23,628.61/t, the raw material cost of the tetrachloroethylene type is approximately $19,406.06/t, while the cost of the megamaterial cost is only 16,646.19 yuan/t, and the cost advantage of megaconversion at the end of the feedstock is increasing significantly with the price of chlorinated products.
Double- or-twice-up, accelerating industrial concentration. Strong regulatory policies, such as energy consumption, double-control, and power-limited production, have to some extent increased the operational pressure and production costs of part of the cycle of industry, and the production space and competitive power of small and medium-sized enterprises has been squeezed.
In addition to the cost advantage, mega-equity also provides its own thermal power plant, which provides the company with 60% of its own power, and has a strong capital capacity to buy green power to guarantee the normal operation of production operations, with high stress resistance.
With a target of 50% for three generations of refrigerant cities, and having achieved about 40% market share by 2020, we believe that the company is expected to win half of the quota battle, given the more prominent cost advantages of the vanguard and the greater concentration of the industry.
In the area of high net worth of deep-farmed fluorinated workers, there is a great future for 3.1 fluorinated polymers: excellent performance applications are widespread, domestic production is replaced by the future melody. Fluorinated polymers are one of the fastest-growing, most promising industries in the organic fluorinated industry, in the middle and back end of the industrial chain.
High value added, because of its unique properties, such as high chemical tolerance, durability, durability, solubility, electro-insulation and super-oxidability, is widely applied in areas such as defence, space, electronic information, electricity, environmental protection, new energy, chemicals, construction, metallurgical smelting, etc.
Polymer with upstream HFC refrigerants, fluoroethylene tetrafluoroethylene (tfe) from r22 can be polymerized as polyfluoroethylene (ptfe) and ethylene-tetrafluoroethylene (etfe), can also produce hexafluoropropene (hfp) and co-mingle with lfp to produce polyperfluoroethylene (fep); and fluoroethylene (vdf) with r142b as the main raw material can be polymerized as polymeric.
Fluorinated polymers (pvdf). The fluorinated polymers preparation process and technology have been monopolized by major industrialists like Dubon, France and Akoma. In recent years, the fluorinated polymers in our country have been nationalized with low-end products, and are expected to become more so in the future as the competitive advantages of these domestic giants have increased and continued high R & D inputs continue to grow.
Substitution by national production of high-value-added products. 3.1.1 ptfe polytetrafluoroethylene resins (ptfe) are the most important fluoropolymer products and are currently in the fluorinated molecular material market
More than 50% of them are also known as “plastic kings” because of their high chemical stability, very low friction coefficients and their superior properties, such as high and low temperature, non-motivability, lubricantity, electro-insulation, age resistance, anti-radiation. Since the late 1930s, ptfe has been applied in the fields of military engineering, machinery, aerospace and so on.
Infiltration to petrochemicals, electrical appliances, light works, textiles, etc.
High demand, lower-level DTL (dk) and lower-level df (df) ptfe are considered the ideal building blocks for the 5g-era copper sheet, as well as the important ptfe connectors such as radio frequency cables and antenna filters during the construction of the 5g, which have long applications and become increasingly competitive in the market after a long period of expansion.
In 2020, we had an effective production capacity of 147,000 tons, but it was less than 80,000 tons per year, and even with an export volume of 20-30 million tons per year, it remained significantly above demand, which means that at present there is a problem of overcapacity in the country’s ptfe, which has led to a decline in product prices. But overcapacity is a structural problem, with the country’s current capacity being the main producer.
Focusing on the production of low-end ptfe, high-end products still depend on imports. In order to reverse the increasing white heat of competition in low- and medium-end markets, the current ptfe leading producers, supported by national policies, have begun to seek high-end technologies for ptfe.
Figure 37: Imports and exports of ptfe (tons) from our production path, the main raw material upstream of ptfe is the second-generation refrigerant r22, which consumes about 2 tons of r22 per ton of ptfe, which costs more than 80% of the production cost of ptfe.
Over 50%, the giants are largely self-sufficient in R22 capacity, both in size and cost advantage. According to the Montreal Protocol, the country has entered the R22 quota management, capacity reduction stage by stage, with R22 restricting production, stacking with high prices of hydrofluoric acid and trichloromethane, and ptfe’s cost-side pressures are increasing, supporting prices.
But since the end of November, downstream producers have been affected by electricity cuts, and the market has exacerbated oversupply of the industry structure, with a combination of the chlorine of raw materials, r22 price rewinds, and ptfe’s one-ton price has dropped by a wide margin. The price differential and the Maori side, with low-price low-end products overcapacity, have led to the production of raw materials.
R22 prices are too high to be passed downstream in a timely manner, price differentials have been running low, and high-end products with higher prices have been able to maintain higher spreads and Māori levels, despite relatively tight supply and demand structures, but the need to reduce them has led to higher expectations on high prices.
Prices are close to the cost of production, and in view of the strong regulatory policies that follow the Olympics, downstream manufacturers start or continue to be suppressed, and demand-deficit patterns test the cost control and production space of ptfe manufacturers. Low-end product cost escorts, high-end products continue to lead the way.
Second, the products in the breakdown include suspended particles, suspended powders, dispersed resins, and dispersive emulsions. From upstream raw materials, the company’s two subsidiaries together produce more than 150,000 tons of production, even after deducting an export quota of about 50,000 tons per year, to cover the consumption of ptfe’s raw materials.
The cost of a raw material outsourcing enterprise is $35830.64 per ton, while the cost of a self-contained R22 enterprise is $28,092.22 per ton, while the cost of a mega-stock is only $21,323.61 per ton. The significant cost advantage is not only to protect the market for low-end products of the company, but also to create greater profit margins for high-value products. In the case of high-end products, megaization has always been domestic.
Technology, scale leading firms, and current construction projects are the highest ptfe resin-type products in the country at single-ton prices, and project commissioning will double the capacity of firms to produce and optimize the product structure while also consolidating the leading leader. 3.1.2 pvdf
Polyfluoroethylene resins (pvdf) have good chemical corrosivity, high temperature resistance, oxidability, weather resistance, radiation resistance, and special performances such as voltage, intermediate, thermal, etc. mainly applied to paints, industries, rapid growth of pvdf demand, and the share of lithium and photovoltaic in downstream demand structures is gradually raised.
Figure 41: Consumption structure of pvdf in 2020, based on downstream demand, is relatively robust in industrial areas such as paint, where the main incremental demand is from lithium. Global battery level pvdf is expected to be 16.0 in neutral and optimistic terms by 2025.
There are about 70,000 tons of pvdf production capacity, export demand is added to domestic demand, and it is basically in a state of tight balance, and most of the products produced on its own are currently in the general class. Battery level pvdf is largely cut off by foreign dragons, and few companies in the country have the capacity to produce battery level pvdf.
The pvdf market will either maintain a tight supply and demand structure until the end of 2022. Also, given the tightness of the pvdf battery level, the period does not exclude the possibility of the conversion of the pvdf output to the pvdf level of the battery level, but in this process it will take at least one year for the technology to be modified plus downstream certification, which may well lead to a tightness not only of the pvdf battery level.
As of 13 December, prices for pvdf powder, grains and battery-grade products in the Chinese East were 34, 31 and 445,000 yuan, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year.
386%, 34%, and 305%. Pvdf ' s primary raw material, second-generation refrigerant r142b, was stagnated by a combination of supply-side quota management, demand-side fast-growing pvdf prices, production firms continued to close their doors, and, as of 18 October, Zhejiang offered $160,000/tonne as a back-sealing list, up 700% from the beginning of the year;
On December 13, Jiang Sumerland offered $185,000 per ton, an increase of 900 per cent from the beginning of the year. Given the continued imbalance in the supply and demand structure of the subsequent pvdf and r142b, prices are expected to remain dynamic, pending pvdf entering the peak stage of production, and prices will gradually return to rationality, during which pvdf will start production in a timely manner, possess the capacity of lithium level pvdf, r142b will be self-sufficient,
R142b off-sales companies will enjoy broad banded profit margins. Chart 43: pvdf prices and price differentials (millions per ton) Figure 44: r142b, r152a prices and price differentials (millions per ton)
The company actually spent more than a decade in the pvdf industry, experiencing the accumulation of production techniques over the years, with the ability to stabilize production at a higher level. The company’s 10,000-ton pvdf project, which is now under construction, has actually been submitted as early as 2014, completing its first year in 2017.
The construction of 2,500 tons of pvdf has slowed the project’s progress, owing to the previous lack of economic efficiency in the pvdf sector. Since this year, the pvdf has experienced a surge in liquidity, high prices, and a tight balance of supply and demand is expected to continue until the end of next year.
Completion of production in the first half of next year, enjoying as much of the pvdf premium as possible. In terms of product structure, while only 1,000 tons/year of battery-grade pvdf production capacity is planned, the company has more sophisticated technology and the photovoltaic level is most common to battery-grade pvdf production units, which can be converted to non-destructive capacity within six to eight months.
So, we think that megaization, driven by the long landscape of the downstream lithium battery industry, will actively adjust the product structure of pvdf, increase the capacity of high-level products, such as batteries, and add the full R142b to the capacity of vdf, and the company is expected to enjoy the widest margin of profit.
On December 3, 2021, mega-stocks issued an investment announcement on the fixed-asset investment of the proposed investment of 979 million yuan, the construction of 48 kt/avdf technology extension project of 693 million yuan and the 30 kt/apvdf technology extension project (phase I) of 23.5 kt/apvdf with the addition of 48 kt/avdf technology expansion project.
R142b with an additional capacity of 80,000 tonnes/year, R143a with a combined capacity of 10,000 tonnes/year, pvdf with a new product of 23.5 kt/apvdf, pvdf with suspended lithium glue, pvdf has been marketed, lactone photovoltile, pvdf with sound technology and product supply is inadequate.
This project is expected to start in the fourth quarter of 2023, when the pvdf supply and demand structure may already be relatively relaxed.
However, the cost advantage of the complete “vdcr142bvdfpvdf” industry chain up and down would be very helpful for companies to compete in the market in the face of oversupply in the pvdf sector.
In addition to fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, ultra-pure fluorinated electronics are also high-value-added products in the field of fluorinated chemicals. Fluorinated fluorinated electronic chemicals can be broken down into electronics, wet chemicals, mainly for cleaning and corrosion in new high-value areas such as semiconductors, panel displays, photovoltaics.
China’s mainland shift has led to the rapid development of upstream raw materials and a steady increase in the size of the e-chemicals market. Of this, the size of the sub-special gas market has jumped from 3.9 billion yuan in 2010 to 17,660 million yuan in 2020, with a complex increase in industry over the next three years.
Figure 45: The size of our electronics niche market (in billions of yuan, per cent) The Euro-American conglomerates remain, and national production substitution is imperative. Currently, about 50% of our demand for electronic chemicals needs to be met by importing or introducing overseas manufacturers, and the products of national producers are more homogeneous in terms of technical indicators such as purity.
In particular, the Lindh Group, American aerochemicals, French liquefied air, and Japanese solar solar solar acid account for nearly 90% of our market share of electronic gas; in the area of wet electronics, our mainstream product performance indicators lag behind those of foreign producers and remain heavily dependent on progress in many fine areas.
The national production rate of wet e-chemicals, especially in crystal-crystal processing above 8 inches and in the area of panels above g6, has not yet been achieved, with mega-connected circuit funds taking up the banner of national production of e-chemicals. In December 2017, mega-stocks and the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund invested in the establishment of the China-Middle-Crystal Technology Corporation to integrate both sides' R & D accumulations and the development of new technologies.
Industry resources, focusing on research and development, production of electronic chemical materials for semiconductor industries, are committed to removing sub-chemicals from the “crystal” situation. Companies cover electronic gas and wet electronic chemicals, with products leading the domestic performance and some of them at the highest international level. In the area of wet electronics chemicals, companies are the only ones in the country.
Enterprises that produce and supply the electron-grade hydrofluoric acid required for the 1xnm process have successfully entered the inter-country supply chain of products with high purity levels of <-ssss and the highest level of g5 under the semi standard for many low-yield products, such as hydrofluoric acid, sulphuric acid and nitrate; for electronics, the company is the only one in the country with both chlorine and chlorine.
Enterprises with corrosion capacity for e-gas cleaning, such as hydrogen hydride, generally have a purity of 99.99% (5n). Driven by factors such as domestic substitution, industrial transfer, and unsatisfied reworking abroad, the wet electronicization of medium- and large cores is in a state of supply and demand, and electronic special gas products are about to enter into a quantitative certification. Technology and markets are both leading.
The middle core is currently in the ipo mentoring period, and the completion of capital market financing is expected to increase the advantage of national production of ultra-pure e-chemicals.
In addition to fluorinated refrigerants, mega-stocks have been the industry leader for the entire fluorinated industry, and have been active in the fluoropolymers sector in recent years, thanks to such advantages as high integration of the production chain and high R & D inputs. Companies now have a well-developed downstream fluoropolymers industry, with production capacity in the Hfp, ptfe, fep, fkm, etc.
In this case, the new products, such as elfe resin, pfa, battery-grade pvdf, are being industrialized, and in the process of enriching the structure of the product, they are also taking the country out of the fluorinated industry. In terms of performance, the fluoropolymers have reached their peak in the 2018 refrigerant high-scenario cycle, and in the following two years they have followed the coolant landscape.
Since this year, as the fluorinated polymer product of the company has grown in quality, the supply and demand structure of the industry has improved, and products such as pvdf have become productive, the panel performance has been significantly repaired, with a flat collection of 2021h1 and a Māori growth of 41.29% and 465.38%, respectively. Fluorinated polymers are expected to be closely linked to the refrigerant industry and will be in the future.
At the end of this year and in the first half of next year, there will be a concentration of the company’s fluoropolymer production capacity, and the whole plate will yield significant performance as it expands.
To the significant cost advantages of an integrated industrial chain, companies are expected to continue to have a higher rate of production and sales in the structurally overcapacity ptfe sector, while average product prices rise as upstream refrigerants return to a warmer climate and move towards higher end-up.
In view of the fact that next year pvdf is still in a state of relative balance between supply and demand, and in combination with downstream demand has maintained a high tolerance for product prices, we believe that next year's company's pvdf product prices will remain high. And the company's pvdf capacity will rise to 10,000 tonnes/year, with adequate R142b and vdf capacity, and will be fully available.
At the end of the cost, based on 1.65 tons of r142b for the production of 1 ton of pvdf, the company’s planned r142b and vdf production capacity are sufficient to cover the production needs of pvdf without outsourcing, avoiding compressed profit space by the current high sales price of r142b, and creating a cost advantage in the event of future changes in industry patterns.
The price of 300,000 yuan per ton of products per year, the cost of production is estimated at 50,000 yuan per ton, and Māori of 250,000 yen per ton will make the best historical achievement for the company ' s fluorinated polymer material plate as the pvdf capacity rises.
From a share, we have selected three-dollar shares, two-way shares, one-way shares, one-way shares, one-for-one shares, one-for-one shares, one-for-one shares, one-for-one shares, one-for-one shares, one-for-one shares, one-for-one shares, and one-for-one-for-one-for-all fluorinated industrial chain products such as fluorinated chemicals and their raw materials, among which the co-incorporated shares and the popular high-value-added materials pvdf and their raw materials.
Inorganic fluorinated products such as lithium hexafluoride and high-value-added products are mainly covered by polyfluoride and Intetro-Technology. Also, given that the prices of refrigerant products have been significantly depressed since 2020, and that recent increases in refrigerant prices have not been fully reflected in the three-quarterly reporting performance, the overall profitability of the industry has declined significantly, leading to a decline in business.
The average weighted value of the five comparable companies, ps (ttm), is calculated at 10.32, the mega-equity ps (ttm) at 2.33, and the mega-equity ps (ttm) is significantly lower than the average ps (ttm) level of the industry, which covers high-value-added fluorinated industry products, as well as the average combination of tttms of comparable companies.
The logic of the long-line development of the future fluorinated industry, the large quota ratio of companies, the preponderance of the industry after the Quotas have landed and the advantages of integration have given rise to extremely strong pricing rights and huge profit margins, as well as company planning for high-value-added fluorinated industry products, and we believe that there is some room for future improvement in the valuation level of mega-equity.
Fluorine Refrigerants: Based on the Montreal Protocol and the Kigali amendments, no further expansion plans are expected for 2021-2023 for second- and third-generation refrigerants. Second-generation refrigerants, headed by r22, due to quota restrictions and three-generation refrigerants fluoropolymer materials: at the end of this year and in the first half of next year, the production of the company ' s fluorine polymers will be concentrated, the whole table.
For ptfe, the production capacity of the company will rise to 40,000 tons/year by the end of this year, and given the significant cost advantages of the integrated industrial chain, we expect the company to be able to maintain a start rate of about 80% in the excess ptfe sector of the production structure, while the average price of the product returns with the upstream refrigerant.
The price of pvdf rose rapidly from the second quarter of this year, and the company increased its capacity from 2,500 tons/year to 3,500 tons/year in September, fully enjoying the dividends of this year’s price increase, while the remaining 6,500 tons/year will be operational in the first half of next year, with the demand and capacity of the industry as a whole remaining at the same rate as next year’s pvdf/year.
With regard to the tight balance between supply and demand, and the continued tolerance of higher product prices in combination with downstream demand, we anticipate that, taking into account our judgment on future price trends for fluorinated refrigerants and fluorinated polymers, we expect that 2021-2023 will result in less than the expected risk of production of refrigerants: higher energy consumption in the production of fluorinated products and their raw materials, which is both energy consumption and energy consumption.
Production of one of the most significantly affected industries, where energy consumption and controls continue to increase, the supply of products such as corporate refrigerants, and production costs or will continue to be pressured, resulting in lower than expected levels of product sales and pressure on product profit margins 2. Downstream demand for products and export demand are less than expected: taking into account the lower downstream demand for refrigerants, mainly in automobiles, air conditioners, air conditioning, etc.
In areas such as refrigerators, the following negative effects, such as a rebound in the epidemic and a decline in the macroeconomic climate, will lead to a decline in the production and delivery of automobiles, air-conditioning, refrigerators, lower demand for refrigerants downstream. In addition, based on the reduction of quotas for three foreign generations of refrigerants about 10 years earlier than in the country, we will do the next three-generation demand for refrigerant exports.
With growth expectations, if four generations of refrigerant development and applications were to be accelerated and three generations of refrigerant applications were to be phased out faster overseas, the demand for three generations of refrigerant exports might not be as high as expected. Refrigerant prices are not as high as expected: we make profit projections for companies based on recent refrigerants and raw materials.
Price increases and projections for future developments in the refrigerant sector have been made for the main three-generation refrigerant prices for 2021-2023. If the refrigerant prices during this period clearly rebounded, prices fell to their lowest level in 2020, and the demand for export of HFC-based products was not as high as expected: the country is a major exporter of HFC-based products and the company is the leader of the industry.
Overseas receipts are an important component of the general battalion. In the event of negative factors, such as increased anti-dumping sanctions against our country by major exporting countries, a worsening international trade situation, or the obstruction of the processing of corporate export licences, the performance of companies’ overseas orders is likely to be affected, leading to an overall underperformance of companies.
5. The fluoropolymers project has made less progress in research and development than expected: new high-value-added materials, such as pvdf, ptfe, have made less progress in production than expected, the risk of an over-graduation period, the lack of product quality than expected, and the risk of a longer certification cycle for visitors under products.