Agricultural banks perform well throughout the year in terms of profitability, low-risk interest margins, low-cost liabilities, weak performance on public deposits, but the company's county network is well-placed and has a solid retail customer base and reserves.
Capabilities and end-of-liability costs still outperform their peers. Corporate assets are in good and medium quality, with bad expectations, profits growing steadily, low-risk interest margins of the next four quarters below the bottom line. Agricultural banks increased their net profits by 5.1% in 2018, mainly as a result of increased provision.
Annual farm register revenue increased by 11.5 per cent over the same period, resulting in a smooth increase in net charge income of 7.2 per cent over the previous three quarters, an increase of 8.1 per cent over the 2018 net farm interest income, an increase of 1.5 per cent over the previous three quarters, a decrease of 0.4 per cent over the total equity ratio in terms of volume: 1); 2) prices
Shortening interest differentials were also mainly due to increased pressure on end-of-debt deposits, which increased the cost of deposit by 5 bp over 2018h 4bp-led interest-paying liabilities; while the end-of-asset was mainly directed to low-risk areas such as low-yield mortgage loans, with interest-bearing assets receiving an average return of 1 bp above 2018h.
By the end of the fourth quarter, total farm assets had increased by 7 per cent/-0.4 per cent by the same year, with loans moving further in favour of retail loans, 56 per cent of new loans going to retail loans and total assets.
It has remained stable, and it is a leader among its partners. Overall, agricultural deposits have been growing steadily, but, given the modest upswing in the cost of deposits, 18 years of deposit growth has come under some pressure, particularly the weak performance of public deposit growth, which is a cause for concern.
Badness criteria are more stringent and risk resilience is further enhanced by a reduction of 1 bp to 1.59% in the negative loan rate for the four quarters, and we measure a poor production rate of 1.24% for the four quarters and an increase of 48 bp due to the firm's further stringent credit classification.
Further strengthening of the provision (+39.5 per cent, yoy) and significant increase in the coverage of the provision on a year-on-year basis
Major risks to ratings: asset quality declines higher than expected, financial regulation higher than expected.
The agricultural banks increased their net profit by 5.1 per cent in 2018, mainly as a result of the increase in the provision, but the net profit before the provision remained high.
(+15.1%, yoy) Profitability performance was good. In 2018, the average farm income increased by 11.5%, with net fees rising 8.1% compared to the previous three seasons, and net farm interest income fell by 1.5 percentage points from the previous three quarters, mainly due to: 1) the deceleration of the growth rate in the 4th size of the surface farm and the 0.4% decline in the total asset ratio; 2) on the price side, the farm lost 2.33% of the total annual interest rate, lower than the end of 2018h
2.35% of the level of 2bp, based on the end-of-period balance, we calculate that the agricultural sector's 4th quarter has a single-quarter net interest gap of 2.21%, a decrease of 3bps from the 3rd quarter, and we believe that the narrowness of the spread is mainly due to higher pressure on debt-end deposits, which raises the cost of farm deposits by 4bp over 2018h and raises the cost of interest-paying liabilities by 5bp, while the asset end is invested mainly in low-risk areas such as lower-income State debt, mortgage loans and interest-bearing assets.
The average rate of return was only higher than 2018h by 1bp, with a combination of negative capital leading to a downward interest margin. The negative two ends grew steadily, with weak performance on public deposits. By the end of the fourth quarter, the total farm assets had increased by 7 per cent-0.4 per cent, respectively, with loans increasing by 11 per cent/1.5 per cent, respectively, in terms of total assets.
The increase from 1.7 percentage points to 50.7 per cent in the corporate credit structure was further skewed towards retail loans, with 2018 public retail loans accounting for 58.2 per cent of the total, which remained largely stable (vs2018h, 58 per cent), and continued to be at the forefront of the business community. Overall, the growth in farm deposits has been steady, but, in combination with the modest increase in the cost of deposits, 18 years of deposit growth has been under some pressure, especially in the case of public deposits.
The negative recognition criteria have become more stringent and the risk resilience has been further enhanced. The four-quarter negative lending ratio has dropped by 1 bp to 1.59%, and the negative rate has shown a downward trend for four consecutive quarters. Structurally, the negative rate for public loans has risen by 3 bp to 2.37% over the end of the six-month period.
With a single-season failure rate of 1.24 per cent in the fourth quarter and a 48bp rise in the ring ratio, estimated to be due to the firm ' s further stringent credit classification criteria and the increase in poor liquidation, we can see a 36bp to 2.74 per cent decline in the proportion of loans of concern to farmers compared to 2018h, a 7.6 per cent to 65 per cent decline in the value of loans/deprive loans over 90 days, and a further tightening of the criteria for adverse recognition.
The provision has been further strengthened (+39.5%, yoy), with a significant increase of 44 percentage points to 252% over the same year. In four agricultural banks, which have performed well throughout the year in terms of profitability, low end-of-debt cost, and weak performance in terms of public deposits, the company has a well-structured district area network with a solid retail customer base, and storage capacity and liability-end costs are still performing better than their counterparts.
With a steady improvement in the quality of production and a tightening of the poor perception, the base of the provision has been further strengthened. We have maintained a business focus on the agricultural sector's profit growth rate of 6.9 per cent/5.5 per cent in 19/20, with the “three farmers” leading the financial services industry, which in the future will have a negative impact on asset quality in terms of policy support, market space and indebtedness.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy, as well as the profitability of the economy, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy is expected to do better, there is a risk that the asset quality of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
2. Trade friction between China and the United States has further escalated. The volatility of trade friction between China and the United States has further increased the pre-economies of investors to the domestic economy.