The agricultural sector is affected by the downside of the interest spread during the first quarter, with a slower rate of profit, but continued improvement in fees and fees. The growth rate has increased even further.
Quality continues to improve, and the base of the provision is further strengthened. Given the continued improvement in the quality of the assets of the agribusiness, the public considers that the financial services of the farmers are leading the industry and that they will benefit from the interest gap ring in terms of policy support, market space and debt advantage in the future.
The slight slowdown throughout the year (+12.4 per cent, yoy) was mainly due to weak growth in net interest income, which increased by 1.4 per cent (vs 2018, + 8.1 per cent) in the first quarter of the year over the same period, a marked decline over the 18-year period. By measuring the end-of-period balance, we recorded a 2.1 per cent net difference in net interest in the first quarter of the year and a fall of 11bp in the ring over the fourth quarter.
It is expected that the asset end yield ratio will drop by 4 bp to 3.68 per cent as a result of an increase in sector 1-quarter credit placement and a policy-guided bias in farmers' asset end towards inclusion, while the end end end interest liability cost will increase by 7 bp to 1.72 per cent, the end end-of-cycle interest differential will be reduced by 7 bp to 1.72 per cent, and the end-of-the-end net interest rate will fall below the line.
Income performance. In terms of net fees revenue, a quarter of the year was marked by an increase of 24.9 per cent over the same period (vs 2018, +7.2 per cent, yoy), combined with the 18-year annual report, which is expected to be a continuation of the good growth performance of credit card operations and electronic banking, leading to a rapid increase in fees revenue.
By the end of the first quarter, the size of the agricultural estate had increased by 9.3 per cent/ 4.6 per cent, respectively, with small advances in credit, and the growth of deposits had been weak, but in absolute terms, 56.7 per cent remained a leader in the industry.
At the same time, by the end of 2018, the percentage of loans/deprived loans that were more than 90 days overdue had reached 65%.
In short, the lower adverse generation, the strict criteria for determining and the solid provisions show that the agricultural sector is more resilient to risk by increasing the loan scale by 3 bp to 4.04% in the first quarter, increasing the coverage ring by 11.8 percentage points to 264%, and further strengthening the base of the provision.
The main risk to the Sino-Soldier International Securities Company (SIC) rating is:
The decline in asset quality is over-expected, financial regulation is over-expected.
The Agricultural Bank publishes the first quarterly report of 2019, with net profits in the first quarter of 2019 +4.28 per cent. Total assets of 23.7 trillion yuan (+9.33 per cent yoy/, +46.4 per cent qoq). Of this amount, loans + 13.6 per cent yoy/+6.05 per cent qq; deposits + 9.38 per cent yoy/+ 6.35 per cent qq. Business income spreads are significantly slower than falling revenue growth and fee revenue performance.
Agricultural banks increased their net profits by 4.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, operating income by 9.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a slight slowdown over the entire year 2018 (+12.4 per cent, yoy) owing mainly to the weak performance of net interest income growth by 1.4 per cent on a quarter-on-year basis (vs 2018, + 8.1 per cent) and a marked decline over 18 years. We achieved a 2.1 per cent reduction in net farm income by the end-of-period balance and a recovery of 11bp on a four-quarter basis.
It is expected that the asset-end rate of return will be reduced by 4bp to 3.68% as a result of an increase in industry-led credit delivery in the first quarter and a small policy-guided tilt in the asset end towards inclusion, while the cost-of-interest liability ratio increased by 7bp to 1.72% in the first quarter of the end of the liability, and the net interest income performance will be delayed by a drop in the difference between the two ends.
The year-on-year increase of 24.9 per cent (vs 2018, +7.2 per cent, yoy), combined with the 18-year annual report, is expected to be a continuation of the good growth performance of credit card operations and e-banking operations, prompting a rapid increase in fees and fees.
By the end of the first quarter, the size of the farm assets had increased by 9.3/4.6 per cent by the same ring, with a small increase in credit delivery, or 84.1 per cent by the same ring, which remained stable overall. Of this amount, demand deposits were 56.7 per cent, the ring was reduced by 1.5 percentage points by the end of the fourth quarter, and the growth of current deposits was weak, but 56.7 per cent was still in the forefront of the industry in absolute terms.
Bad output is low, assets are of good quality, the downside rate is 6bp to 1.53% for the first quarter of the farm, the downward trend continues, and we measure the downside rate for the company is the same for the first quarter. The downside is 72bp to 0.52% for the ring, which is lower. At the same time, by the end of 2018, the farm was 90 days late.
The loan/non-performing loan ratio has reached 65% and is considered to be stringent. The loan allocation ratio for farmers has increased by 3bp to 4.04% in a quarter, the provision coverage by 11.8 percentage points to 264%, and the base of the provision has been further strengthened and the resilience to risk has been further enhanced.
The first quarter of the agricultural sector was affected by the downside of the interest-rate spread, with a slower rate of profit growth, but continued improvement in the revenue from fees and charges, which increased further. A faster growth was achieved in the second end of the quarter, with faster credit delivery.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy goes below expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the assets of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.