Lithium industry (00246.sz) -- semi-annual reviews, two-quarter profit rings decline, and lithium mineral resources continue to have a significant advantage.
s098020040001 Decline resulting in a decrease in the gross Māori of lithium chemical products; 2) Increase in the price of lithium concentrates resulting in increased net profits and gains and losses for minority shareholders in the company ' s controlled stockholders; 3) participation of companies in the same period of the previous year
Sees is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, where companies lose significant impact on Sets as a result of passive dilution of their shareholdings, generating investment returns from long-term equity investments to other equity instruments, which this year did not occur in the first half of the year, which is about $1.2 billion less than the return on investment.
Core product sales data: the company-held Lithium Green Bush mine produced about 750,000 tons of lithium concentrate in the first half of this year, of which the total quantity of lithium concentrate sold to Yapo was about 386.5 million tons, the amount of sales, the company's hands on the world's best-quality lithium resource, and the smelting of end-product capacity has steadily advanced.
At the end of the resource: The Green Bush Lithium mine, which now produces 1.62 million tons of lithium concentrates per year, will have a reduced future total capacity of 210 rings. In addition, in the first half of this year, the company’s wholly-owned lithium industry, which has introduced the strategic investor, the Purple Gold Mine, and the Lithium industry, which has the right to mine the Sichuan Jatian Tsora Lithium mine, is currently in the process of being mined.
Feasibility study on the re-launching of the first phase of the engineering option for the Zholla Lithite mine in Jajiang, at the end of which the company currently has three production bases in the country, with a combined capacity of about 448 million tons of lithium salt, and the testing of an annual production line of 24 million tons of battery-grade lithium oxide in the Quinana project in Australia
Production phase; construction of a 20,000-ton battery-grade lithium-carbonate production line is under way in Su Ningan. " Lithium (002466.sz) - Lithium mining resources have a significant advantage, with steady expansion of lithium salt production yielding about 2 billion yuan. Sqm is the world ' s largest producer of lithium from salt lakes, sold separately in 23q1/q2
Tianqi Lithium (002466.sz) - overcoming the multifactorial challenge of maintaining a strong 30.2/43 million tons of lithium salt, with a marked increase in the q2 ring ratio, with an annual production target of 18-19 million tons. Tianqi Lithium (002466.sz) — a semi-annual review — fully completes the leverage target.
Tianqi Lithium Industry (002466.sz) Annual Report 2021 & Quarterly Review 2022: Hand Investment Recommendations: Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Tianqi Lithium Industry - Performance Predictions 002466-2021: Lithium Resource King, Performance Reporter
Given the relatively obvious adjustment in lithium prices in the first half of the year, the company’s profit projections are modified below. There is still a very high potential for expansion, which provides a solid raw material guarantee for the expansion of lithium salt production in mid- and long-term growth that is expected and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
The company ' s profit fell in the first half of the year, mainly because (1) the sales price of the company ' s lithium chemical products fell, resulting in a decline in the price of lithium chemical products. Data from the Asian Metalnet show that the average price of hydrogen produced in 23q1/q2 countries was 42.90/297 million yuan per tonne, while the average price of domestic carbon produced was $39. 59/2463,000 per ton; and (2) lithium concentrate.
The increase in sales prices led to increased net profits and gains and losses for a small number of shareholders in the company's controlled subsidiary, Vinfield;) last year, the company's shareholding company, ess, was listed on the New York Stock Exchange during the same period, and the company's passive dilution of its shareholdings led to a loss of significant influence on the shares, resulting in investment from long-term equity investments to other equity instruments.
Revenues, none in the first half of the year, are about $1.2 billion less than the return on investment. Data on sales of core products: total production of lithium concentrate from the company-held Limbush mine in the first half of the year was RMB billion, with a single ton selling price of RMB 39,789 and about US$ 5526 (at the exchange rate of the United States dollar against the RMB).
7.2 Conversions. 10,000 yuan, i.e. 80.19 per cent of the year, mainly due to the increase in port charges and insurance premiums as a result of increased sales and prices of lithium compounds and derivatives exported over the same period of the previous year; administrative costs are approximately 350 million yuan, i.e., the same amount.
+103.37 per cent, mainly due to increases in employee remuneration, intermediary consulting fees and share payments over the same period of the previous year;
Modelled, technologically advanced lithium compounds production bases, and committed to long-term development strategies based on vertically integrated global industrial chains for “upstream, medium- and downstream”, have joined forces in a global partnership to promote the long-term sustainable development of lithium ion cell technology in the electric and energy industries.
At the resource end, the company uses the Green Bush lithium mine in Western Australia as a resource base, and the Sichuan Yajiang Tsora lithium mine as a resource reserve. The Green Bush lithium mine is operational with the tailings project, which expands from 1.34 million tonnes/year.
Up to 1.62 million tonnes/year. The igo announcement shows that Greenbush 22q1/q2/q3/q4 lithium concentrates were 27.038/36.1/379,000 tons, 2301/02 lithium concentrates were 356.395,000 tons, and chemical grade lithium concentrates 23eq1/q2 were sold at a price of $59 57/50444/ton fob, q2 ring value, a decrease in the mine range.
This year, the price-fixing mechanism began to be adjusted from a semi-annual to a quarterly period. In addition, Green Bush has two expansion plans: 1) cgp3 is in the process of intensive construction with a design capacity of 520,000 tonnes/year, expected to be completed by mid-2025; 2) cgp4 is expected to be launched after the cgp3 project, which is also new year-on-year.
520,000 tons of chemical-grade lithium concentrate, initially planned for production in 2027. In the long run, the Greenbu Shiz lithium mine is expected to reach 2.66 million tons/year, with 350,000 tons of lce contracted. After Igo was introduced as a strategic investor, the Chili industry indirectly held 26.01% of the Green Bush lithium mine, but still holds the Green Bush lithium mine.
The company has the right to mine lithium deposits in Sichuan Yajiang Tsola, and the wholly-owned subsidiary was acquired on 6 April 2012 in the lithium-rich industry.
In May 2023, the Lithium Alloy industry introduced the strategic investor Purple Minerals by means of an expansion of its share. This replenishment is planned to be fully funded by the purple gold mining industry.
The company Hainan Purple Minerals buys 20% of the stock in the lithium industry in cash. By introducing the gold mining industry as a strategic investor in the lithium industry, it helps optimize the stock structure of the lithium-rich industry, maximizes the resource advantages of the company, and promotes the company Zola Lithite Project by taking advantage of its mineral development and construction advantages.
The company is currently conducting a feasibility study on the re-launching of the first phase of the project for the Lithium Lisinite mine in Yajiang. At the end of the product, the company currently has three production bases in the country, of which Sichuan has 24,000 production capacity.
Tons/year, of which 5,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide; Jiangsujiang, the world’s first fully automated lithium carbonate production plant, with a capacity of 20,000 tonnes/year; Chongqing beam production base, with a capacity of 600 tonnes/year, is to be expanded in two phases by 2,000 tonnes of lithium metal.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company launched a 30,000-ton battery-grade lithium hydroxide project in the Jiangsu family insurance area, with a total planned investment of no more than 20 per cent.
The company has one production base overseas, and in Quinana, Australia, there are two periods of 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production lines. Of this, 24,000 tons of capacity-remediation work is proceeding in the first phase of the project and has been repeated.
Debug and optimization, with the first batch of about 10 tons of lithium hydroxide products tested through intra-company laboratory sampling and confirmed on 19 May 2022 that all parameters meet the battery-grade lithium hydroxide standard.
The construction plan for the lithium hydroxide II project will be validated and adjusted to take account of market requirements, company mobility, etc., on the basis of effective validation of the project’s full operation.
At the investment end, the company now holds a stock of 22.16%. Sqm is the world’s largest producer of lithium from salt lakes, with further annual capacity increases of 210,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 40,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, respectively. At present, in the sales structure of lithium sqm, about 15% of the orders are sold at fixed prices or at specific intervals, and about 70% of the orders are in place.
In addition, sqm holds a 50% share in the Western Australia mtholland project, with a prospective capacity of 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide per year. The lithium industry, as the second largest shareholder of sqm, is expected to earn a higher return on investment from its rapid expansion of productive capacity.
In addition, in May 2022, the company signed the Strategic Partnership Agreement and the Lithium Carbonate Supply Framework Agreement with China-China Innovative Shipping, which are intended to cooperate in all segments of the lithium electricity industry chain, while Innovative China-China invests about $50 million in the first publicly available offshore foreign share (h-stock) of the company ' s participating investors.
On 21 September 2022, the company ' s fifth board of directors, at its 30th meeting, considered and adopted the Bill for the first public release of Hong Kong as a cornerstone of investors ' involvement in innovation.
For the first time, shares were publicly released, and on September 21, 2022, with China-Innovation Airlines, Huatay Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), there was still a very strong potential for expansion, providing solid material security for the expansion of lithium salt production in mid- and long-term, with long-term growth to be expected, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject