Lithium Tianqian industry: high mineral prices, corporate performance pressured growth of 73.64 per cent; net return to mothers of $6,452 million, a decrease of 37.52 per cent in the same year; increase in the same volume of deductions and sales, with a high price of concentrates delaying company performance. Global lithium supply in the first half of 2023
There is a need for a gradual easing of the scarcity, with the price of lithium products falling as downstream demand slows down. This is due to the increase in the sales of the company’s main lithium chemical products and the average sales price of lithium mines over the same period of the previous year; lower prices and higher lithium concentrate prices, which have led to a decline in the production of lithium salt.
(b) In the first half of 2023, Tyllison sold to Yapo a total of 3,865 tons of lithium concentrate for a sale of $15,377 million, on the basis of which it can be calculated that the sales price of lithium concentrate is $398,000 per ton.
2023q2 Greenbush is a seasonly high in abundance. 2023q2, greenbushes total tons) +17.0%/+11% ring ratio; 429,000 tons of lithium quartz mineral sales, compared to the ring.
The cost of including equity is $585 per ton, the same ring ratio - 5.3 per cent/-15.2 per cent, mainly due to lower sales prices, resulting in a reduction in equity. 2023q2 and igo joint venture tlea, with profits of 522 million Australian dollars and a 16 per cent increase in the ring, are measured as belonging to the lithium industry.
In United States dollars ($)/tons (fob), the cost of lithium carbonate is as high as $384,000, combined with the spot sale price of lithium salt in the country, which is $3739, representing a 31.2 per cent decline in the ring, and the company ' s s smelting profitability is expected to continue to improve as the price of concentrate falls.
2023q2 Associated Company sqm lithium product sales have increased and sales prices have fallen. 2023h1, sales of sqm lithium products have increased by 754 million tons, or 4 per cent over the same period. 2023q2, sales of sqm lithium product.
Some recovery. Sqm expects sales of lithium 2023h2 products to be higher than 2023h1, while adjusting cindasecuitiesco.ltd production guidelines for the year to 18-19 million tons.
The price of the product is linked to the market price index.
The company has a number of high-quality lithium resources, both domestically and internationally. The company also has hard rock lithium and salt lake lithium resources, owns the Green Bush, Sichuan Yajiang Tsorra, Australia, and, by investing in shares in sqm and Zabuye, the Chilean Lake Acatama Salt and the Tibetan Lake Zabuye Salt.
The total amount of resources available to the division is about 14.29 million tonnes of lce. The Green Bush Lithium mine currently has four lithium concentrate processing plants with a branded capacity of 1.62 million tonnes; the chemical phase 3 is 520,000 tonnes/year.
The company has four established lithium salt production bases at home and abroad, with a total capacity of 688,000 tons of lithium chemical products; another company is building a 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate project in Sichuan Antiya, has started the 30,000 tons of lithium hydroxide project in Jiangsu Zhang, and is planning to restart it.
The second phase of the Quinana plant, the battery-grade lithium hydroxide project, will be further upgraded to more than 140,000 tons/year in the medium term. With the integrated layout of the company's lithium mining plus lithium product processing, the company is expected to achieve long-term, stable and sustainable growth in the industrial cycle cycle.
Profit projections: downstream lithium salt production matching as the company ' s upstream mines are built into production \triangleright Risk factors: mine production is below expectations; lithium salt prices have fallen significantly; additional smelting capacity is released
\triangleright is less than expected; the demand for lithium salt is less than expected.
The 19th New Wealth Metals and New Materials Third (Core Member), the 16th Crystalball Award for Non-ferrous Metals, the 10th Wind Gold Score Chen Guanghui, the China-South University Master of Metallurgical Engineering, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in August 2022 for battery metal-related research, Yunn, George Washington University, Master of Financial Science, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for aluminium lead zinc and precious metals.
White Purple, a Master of Regional Economics from Gilling University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021, and engaged in new components such as light metals such as zirconium and lithium cobalt that were not, were not and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical observations or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.