Sustained efficiency gains, growth driven by innovation, good cost controls, sustained efficiency gains 70.763 billion yuan (+0.87 per cent) in operating income from 2025q1, of which the pharmaceutical industry achieved sales
Income from sales is $5,885 million; income from pharmaceutical commerce is $6,488 million.
Innovative business has continued to grow well. The gross-generation import business of the 2025q1 company achieved sales revenue of $8.6 billion, an increase of 9.0 per cent. Innovative pharmaceutical business achieved sales revenue of $12.5 billion, an increase of 23.2 per cent.
• Research and development in the pharmaceutical industry is progressing in an orderly manner, with sustained research and development inputs, the approval and production of multiple products, the development of several innovative medicines and the secondary development of Chinese medicine.
Upper Pharmacy Group: The development line has been strategized: 1001 (high blood pressure adaptive) has been submitted with remedial materials, and steady progress has been made in the pharmacological verification of the screening process.
Key studies have completed the grouping of 58 subjects. B007 clinical treatments for nephrosis have been completed. 67 clinical examinations have been completed. 41 clinical studies for the period of incompetence have been completed for b007 muscles.
The end-line breast cancer displays positive signals and is ready to start a pre-111 communication with cde. In Chinese medicine, a large variety has been developed in an orderly fashion, and evidence-based medical studies have been made on various varieties, such as bruising, stomach respiratory, heart-breeding, gastrophy, silver acetone, and octopus.
On the city side, the bear deoxychotic capsules of the company's regular state pharmaceutical factory, Ltd., and the Omera sodium hydrate dry suspension (11) of the offshore drug-firing plant, Ltd., were given a production permit; eight products (13 regulations) were declared for production.
With the addition of 3 new varieties (three codes), the company has evaluated 77 (106 codes) through quality and therapeutic consistency evaluations.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.