Business blocks are growing steadily, and research and development innovations are advancing steadily.
Shanghai Medicines (stock code: 601607) Incident: 29 August 2025, Shanghai Medicines issued a mid-term performance report for 2025, until 2025: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
The profits of the medium-sized commercial sector are 960 million yuan, while the industrial block is 618 million yuan, excluding non-net profits of 837 million yuan; the significant increase in net profits of q2 single-quarters is the result of a one-time special gain of $1,677 million from the change in accounting for the joint venture accounting and yellow medicine industry accounting.
Research assistant Xiaozon, Business Blocks Growth, Growth of Emerging Business Contribution. Corporate Business Block Revenues in the first half of 2025 Growth of Business, Cso and Import General Generations, Equipment Health Business, and others.
A number of innovative pharmaceutical companies, such as Anstellai, Conor and Leuptology, have entered into strategic cooperation to achieve sales revenues of $24.2 billion, an increase of 22.6 per cent over the same period; the number of co-operative products has continued to increase and the scale of services has expanded; 25 new regulations have been introduced for the import of total-generation operations, resulting in revenues of $17.5 billion, an increase of 11.7 per cent over the same period;
Five new products were introduced into the instrument and health operations, yielding revenues of 22.6 billion yuan; medical and American revenues of $1.4 billion, an increase of 18.8 per cent over the same period, continued to contribute to the growth of the performance of the business sector. Industrial panels were repaired, and innovation and research and development continued.
1.148 billion yuan, or 9.44 per cent of the income of the industrial plate, of which 959 million yuan was spent. New drug research and development, a new generation of oral non-pnephrine inhibitors against high blood pressure, 1001 applications for admission, registration testing and verification; and global innovative cd20 antipsychotic injection.
Diagrams of relative depth 300 b001 and subcutaneous injections b007 have completed the full grouping of the subjects for the intensive muscle infirmity and scabiesii clinical period; and the proposed I innovation drug for acute ischaemic cerebral pawns shpl-49 has completed phase ii.
Bed research. In Chinese medicine innovation, the iii phase of two 1.1-type new drugs for the treatment of light-medium spinal spinal cervical disease is proceeding in an orderly manner, the sclerosis sclerosis of myocardial sclerosis has been initiated, and the pre-ind application has been filed with fda.
Investment proposals: Shanghai medicine as a comprehensive, large pharmaceutical company with a business as a whole, a business block that combines business, a competitive advantage, and an innovative development strategy that leads to business transformation. Corporate innovation drugs and cso operations continue to increase their contribution at a higher rate than industry averages; and companies move from business, industry, and R & D.
I have committed myself to producing this report independently and objectively, with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been available in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.