It's good business, it's good business, it's good business, it's good business, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money, it's good money.
This is due to a one-time special gain of approximately $1.677 billion, less a single-time special gain or gain such as the above-mentioned items, resulting in a net return to the mother of $2.782 billion (-2.06 per cent). (+91.98 per cent).
A steady growth in pharmaceutical commerce, with innovation leading to an increase of 2.17 per cent over the same period, and a steady base for traditional wholesale operations, cso operations, import-generation operations, business innovation drugs, instrument health operations, etc.
At the cso business level, the number of cooperative products continues to grow, the limited public services of Shanghai Medicine Group continues to grow, and 2025h1 has entered into battles with Ogalong, iphisin, Boon biology, etc.
In the case of import-generation operations, there are 25 new import-oriented regulations, which result in sales earnings of $17.5 billion (+11.7%). In the case of innovation, the company has a strategy with a number of innovative pharmaceutical companies, such as Antelai, Concorexia, Leupien, Cordico, Middle and Foreign Pharmaceuticals.
Co-operatively, the pharmaceutical business of innovation achieved sales revenue of $24.2 billion (+22.6 per cent). In the field of appliances, the company introduced five new products, and in the field of appliances, 22.570 billion yuan. In addition, in the field of medicine and America, the company achieved sales revenue of $1.4 billion.
The pharmaceutical industry’s research and development innovation is moving forward in an orderly manner with new drug research and development pipelines. The company’s multiple innovation drug research and development pipelines are moving ahead in an orderly manner: 1001 (high blood pressure adaptive) companies have completed their registration tests and registered nuclears in accordance with cde requirements.
The future is expected to provide a larger range of treatments for light, moderate high blood pressure patients.b007 (dermal injection fluid) is an innovative global anti-cd20 antibody drug developed independently by the company, b007 severe muscle incompetence clinical trials, and scabies adaptive clinical trials.
The test has been completed for all subjects. Shpl-49 injection fluid is a new type of chemo-type 1 drug, and the bed is intended for treatment of acute ischaemic cerebral pawns (ais), and the project has completed 11 clinical trials.
The project is in the 111th stage of the clinical trial stage for spinal cord-based cervical vertebrae disease (false bruising kidney loss certificate); the redevelopment of large varieties has advanced in an orderly manner, and evidence-based medical research has progressed in such varieties as stomach respiratory, coronary, silver acetone ester, and heart-breeding.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals have not progressed as expected in the development of new medicines; business cooperation has not progressed as expected.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.