Deep Blue G318 re-engineer hardware pattern, 14 June 2024.
Ten thousand dollars; twenty-two hundred and ninety-nine thousand dollars for a four-drive suspension; and 31.8 million dollars for a three-way pass. Two of these are standard versions of 100 km, which will be delivered in August this year, with a 60-minute order in the new car that will break 3,000.
\triangleright 5010 x 1985x1960mm with an axle range of 2880 mm, with a high rate of occupancy; in power, deep blue g318 with a deep blue super increment of 2.0, with two-drive standards/suffering/empty-suspension pure electrical renewals.
100/1990/184 km, with a power supply of 6.1l; 184/174 km, with a power supply of 6.7l, with four excruciating/vacant versions of pure electrical renewals; with regard to the accommodation of new vehicles equipped with aviation-grade human engineering chairs to support front-barrel traffic; with a stand-alone suspension of the front forklifts plus the last five poles, with a luxury vehicle level of r-eps to the system; and with an airborne +cdc+ master
A magic carpet, with 348 mm of maximum-grade battery bags off the ground, allows for a back-to-back function and raises the passability of complex roads, which can easily handle water, snow, rugged, mud, sand; intelligent drivers, deep blue g318 equipped with a class 1-2 smart driving plus active safety system to support cruises, intellectual deviations, cars.
In addition, for outdoor travel, g318 provides the power of 3.3kw inside the vehicle and 6kw outside the vehicle to ensure outdoors; has 1. Long-Air vehicles (000625.sz) series I: Avi
Towing of qualifications, accompanied by baggage racks plus and 1.6t tow hooks to support various outdoor equipment. g318 has strong price competitiveness to re-engineer the rigid suv pattern.
These factors are influenced by the fact that the hard-core cross-country market is dominated by a high-priced type of imported vehicle (Luggers, Benzg, Toyota Prado); the price of domestic vehicles is concentrated in 2.5 + million yuan, and the overall market size was only 200,000 + 10,000 in 2023.
G318 prices are competitive and will fill the market gap as around 200,000 hardware suv, and g318 hardware is well equipped, has superior mechanical qualities and off-road capabilities, with electricity fuel consumption of 6-7l, compared to traditional fuel hards, which has improved significantly the economics of off-road fuel, but which is now a viable city, promising to open up a blue sea market and re-engineer the hard-suv pattern.
Affordable new energy sources accelerate the growth of new sources of energy. In May, the company’s own new energy wholesaleright was listed, and we looked forward to a deep-blue overall increase in sales and a asp increase in new sources of energy.
Investment Recommendations: We look forward to the transformation of the company's electric intelligence, which is built into intelligent capabilities and maintains a profit-for-profit \triangleright model delivery that is not as expected; the industry's “price war” has intensified.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.