China's investment cooperation is progressing well, intelligently and steadily.
The investment cooperation of Intelligent Technology Ltd. (which covers, inter alia, smart driving solutions for cars, smart cabins, smart car digital platforms, smart car clouds, ar-hud and smart car lights, etc.) is actively advancing. As of the date of disclosure of this bulletin, the company has largely completed this item.
Financial, legal, operational and technical due diligence. At present, further consultations are under way between the two sides on the terms of the transactional key; given the project ' s magnitude, complexity and the need for the parties to move forward with internal procedures, there is a delay in the project ' s progress compared with that foreseen in the memorandum.
The company is expected to sign the final transaction document no later than 31 August 2024. The ongoing project process will have no impact on the company’s performance and operational independence.
At the end of November 2023, in an effort to sign the Memorandum of Understanding on Investment Cooperation and develop strategic cooperation on investment attractions, Chang An and China supported the target company as the leader of the Chinese-based, global-based, service-oriented automobile smart systems and component solutions industry, with six months expected.
The project was completed on 27 May 24, and is currently being postponed due to the complexity of the project transaction process, without prejudice to future target company positioning and medium- and long-term development planning as set out in the previous memorandum of understanding between the parties.
Cooperation (covering the driver and the cabin) remains the same. Moreover, the pre-developed long-term financing of the acquisition of up to 40% of China’s equity, which is expected to operate independently on the basis of market-based principles, using a market-based regulatory system and pay incentive framework, is expected to be in the design of the business.
In principle, both the components and the solutions are provided by the company to its entire customer, without further involvement. Follow-up will also continue to promote the introduction of strategicly valuable car companies that will gradually open their shares and become the "Long An Car (000625); one-quarter report 2024.
For companies with diversified shares: actively responding to industry competition, exporting/new energy, looking ahead, companies with their own new car cycles and a strong electric transition; cooperation to complement intelligence.
Capable of short-boarding, strong union, share is expected to continue: in 2024, deep blue + avita + kick-starter, nearly 10 new cars launched with a strong cycle; and in- and out-of-country synchronous power, with sales targets for 2024 still rising, deep blue all over the field g388 cd 701/ avita 15 and 16 brand sequences.
The q4 performance was as expected, self-profited and sound, and intelligent.
Intelligent Avita/Deep Blue follows China as an enabler and enhances product competitiveness. Globalisation’s dimensions, Heiner Bichuan’s plan is to boost overseas product imports and channel layout, enjoy autonomous branding, export industry dividends, optimize profit-making structures, and open up medium- and long-term development space.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s profit forecast for 2024-2026, with three major financial forecasts for the mother ' s net profit Chang An Motors.