On 29 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2024. 2024.
The revenue was $37,023 million, compared to +7.14 per cent, the ring ratio to 14.08 per cent, the net profit of the mother  2024q1 Māori rate decreased, and the combined costs of deep blue sales led to major changes mainly due to the acquisition of deep blue vehicles through mergers and their incorporation into the combined costs of their sales.
Compared to 5.14 pct. Cost of sales, overhead, R & D rates, respectively  acceleration of electric motorization and sea-going processes, 2024-06-25
The new energy and export sales of the Long-And Division have performed well, with the Autonomous Brand New Energy sales year-round 2024-05-04.
Sale of 474,000 vehicles, an increase of 74.8 per cent in the same year; export of 358,000 vehicles, an increase in the same year; increase in the number of new energy sources in the autonomous brand: 5.5 million vehicles in the company ' s own brand in May, an increase of 87.8 per cent in the same year; sale of 23.55 million vehicles in January-May
There was a significant increase in overseas sales: 333 million overseas sales of corporate brand ownership in May, an increase of 72.9 per cent in the same year, and 17.39 million in January-May, an increase in the same year.
In 2024, the company will invest in a large number of new and re-financed products, with plans to introduce eight new products, including the Long Enlightenment, C798, Deep Blue G318, and Aveta 15, in addition to the Long Enlightenment Aa07, Deep Blue Sl03 and Deep Blue S7.
In South-East Asia, companies are planning to sell 300,000 vehicles by 2030.
The first research, production, supply, distribution, transport, and all right rudder markets have been built. At the same time, the company will have a new market layout by the end of this year. In the European market, the company plans to sell 300,000 vehicles by 2030.
To complete the creation of a European company and to study the layout of the production base. This year, three new energy brands, namely, Deep Blue, Long An Xin, and Aveta, will be published, and the launch of Deep Blue S7. The European market will be imported into six new energy vehicles by 2027.
In the Central and South American market, the company plans to sell 200,000 vehicles by 2030. The department will focus on the fuel vehicle sector, with the Mexican market as its anchor, and will radiate the region.
In February this year, the company set up a sales company in Mexico to better assist the Middle East Africa region, where it plans to sell 200,000 vehicles by 2030. The company will take advantage of the long-term brand and fuel vehicle brands and products, and capture new energy.
This year, three new energy brands will be imported into the region: Deep Blue, Avita, and Long An Xin, and a brand launch is planned. While accelerating the deployment of new energy sources, companies will not build large ones in the Middle East.
This year, the company will complete the establishment of a Middle East subsidiary and a Middle East spare parts hub, with localization operations, service upgrades, and branding. The ps are 0.7, 0.6, 0.5 times the size of the company’s new energy strategy.
The strategy has been steadily moving forward, with a high potential for future growth, maintaining the “buy-in” investment rating (1) less than expected; (2) less than expected demand for automobile consumption; and (3) less than expected progress in cooperation with China.
Introduction by the Automotive Group : M.A. Xiamen University, Automation/World Economy, cpa, 6 years of auto industry research, advanced and forward-looking research, good at bottom-up excavation of a unit. Deep coverage of Tesla industrial chain/one.
Xie Menzin: Master ' s degree from the London School of Political and Economics, joined in 2023 in Chinese securities. Zhang Ji-chun: Vuhan University undergraduate, Columbia University master ' s degree, joined in 2024 in Chinese securities. 2 years of work experience in automobile business, mainly in strategic planning for car selection and analysis of related competitions.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.