Actively promoting the transformation of electrification, three start-ups to open a long new journey, a study on the dynamics of the long-term car (000625.sz)  Chinese motorist leader, and three start-ups to open a long-term new journey.
$105052309001 Chongqing Changyan Motors Co. Ltd. was established in 1996 and was formerly a military factory $1050123110012
In the 1980s, Chang An began his “military conversion” journey, and has now become a leader in the Chinese automobile industry. The company’s main business now covers the development, manufacture, and marketing of vehicles, as well as the development and production of engines, and the consolidation of the resources of the advantage.
In the areas of travel services, new retailing, and financial investment, multi-dimensional industrial layouts have been developed. There are now saloons, suv, mpv, cross-cars, buses, vans, etc. Multi-tailored, wide-series, multi-species product spectrometry covering traditional fuel and new fuels.
Energy vehicles, with engine platforms ranging from 1.0l to 2.0l. Under the company’s flag, there are a number of well-known brands, such as Chang An-cars, Oshans, Kaifengs, Chang An-Foot, Chang An-Ma-Dha, Chang An-Suzuki, and Chang Anpsa.
After three entrepreneurships, the company firmly promoted the Third Entrepreneurship-Innovation Initiative, accelerated the transition to smart, low-carbon technology companies, moved to the world's first-class car brand, actively developed the Smartnet new energy vehicle, and built Avi.
The towers, the dark blue cars, the Chang An Xin Xin, the Gravity, the Long Anxiety Five Automobile brands, are driving the transformation of the autonomous brands. The three smart electrical brands of the layouts are actively promoting the transformation of electrification.
In 2023, the company accumulated 29 products, of which seven were new, and the product spectrum was constantly improving. In 2023, the company worked with partners to get to the ground.
Vita, Deep Blue, and Long An Xin are three smart brands that provide the basis for future global competition. Of these, Aveta12 has a full-scale launch in Munich, and six days on the market has seen a cumulative breakthrough of 15,000 vehicles, which has gradually stabilized to the top.
Market; deep blue double-car sales out of 128,000 a year and deep blue sl03 won the German Red Point "2023 Product Design Award": three new cars were listed in Chang An Qinggen within two months, with a cumulative sales of 40,000 in three months and a fast-track position.
• To work together to win. Working with partners to innovate, companies continue to deepen joint ventures, and there is limited technology to build a new energy vehicle for long Anfort.
Company, first strategic product cx 810 in an orderly manner; multiple vehicle-type projects such as j90a and j90k in collaboration with Majuda, which continue to extend.