Chang An Car (000625). New energy, export sales, double ring ratio, and high-quality development with wide gas conspiracy. Event: Chang An Automobile released a May 2024 Express.
The sales volume was 68.36 million vehicles, compared to 8.53 per cent for the same year; the distribution volume for the month of May was 17.9 million vehicles for the same period - 8.26 per cent/- market wait-and-see ratio led to a one-month round-up, while sales in the overseas market continued to be positive. 1) Overall: according to preliminary figures from the Union, the volume of wholesale sales by car was equal across the country in May 2024, the ring ratio was + 3 per cent, and the company was in May 2024.
Total wholesale sales and sales of autonomous brands grew on average in single months, the ring decreased by a relative four-month period, and the volume of auto sales increased slightly, mainly as a result of cars being replaced by new subsidies for the New Deal, the Beijing bus show-down and the “Five Ones” of vehicles, the impact of the Golden Week, the easing of market views, the release of part of consumption demand and the fall of new energy cars in 2024.
The start-up of the campaign has accelerated the recovery, but due to the time required for the replacement of end-of-life vehicles, the policy implications or delays in the entry into priority off-site regional markets in June-July; and the company's first overseas “right rudder production base” in Thailand's layout, which is scheduled to start production in q1 in 2025, with an initial capacity of 100,000 vehicles and a second upgrade to 200,000 vehicles, and the simultaneous establishment of the Chang An vehicle South-East Asia,
Three local companies, Chang An Thailand sales, and Chang An Thailand spare parts, have steadily advanced the Heinau Bichuan program, and the company’s overseas market has maintained accelerated release and continued to optimize the company’s profit structure. New and autonomous energy sales in May have increased on a par, with the source, deep blue sales, on a reverse basis.
New energy sales amounted to 5.5 million and the same ring sales +87.76 per cent/+6.40 per cent, while new energy penetration of the autonomous brand has reached the rate of the Chang An Car (000625): 136,000 in April, single-month deliveries in May of the year, ring + 14.57 per cent, and cumulative brand sales have broken down by 100,000 with high value for money.
High export sales have continued, a07/a05/q05 sales of real fragrance have gradually released booster brand sales, and the release volume ring has risen in May compared to the reverse trend; and the first global production of “modifiable new cars”, Chang Xinseen, e07, has been opened in Beijing and is projected to be in production in October 2024.
Producing and listed on q4, with price choices and diversity of body size, is expected to further meet the consumer ' s needs for a full-scale scenario, and to boost the delivery of cumulatively 67.2 million vehicles, using the medium-sized suv deep blue g318 of the "car-car-car-car-car-plus-power-four-drive system" or to be officially marketed and delivered on 13 June 2024, with the prospect of opening up a market for new hard-to-road growth.
At the end of the pipeline, where there is a steady expansion of shops and increased cooperation with distributors to ease the pressure on financial inputs and management costs, it is hoped that the weakening of Aveta sales will be reversed for the subsequent roll-out of q3, q4 avita 07 and e16.
In terms of intelligence, the Jianan vehicle became the country's first class-I3 smart network pilot unit, reporting that the car type sl03i was equipped with a level-I3 traffic congestion system (tjp), which enabled the system to set up conditions for high-speed and urban fast-track traffic congestion scenes.
In terms of corporate cooperation, the Chang-Ang vehicles signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with the Guang Group on 6 June, which envisages strategic cooperation between common platforms and technology, industrial chain ecology, international operations and industry funds. We believe that this cooperation will enable China and local companies to have a background.
Car companies take full advantage of the system to further improve operational efficiency through the complementarity of industrial resources and strategic synergies, achieve efficiency gains in response to intense competition in the industry, and lead the high-quality development of China’s automobile industry; and, at the same time, strengthen international business partnerships that enhance the combined influence of autonomous brands in overseas markets and promote the accelerated globalization of autonomous automobile companies.
The investment proposal: The company's fuel vehicle business is solid and driven by multiple factors such as “the opening of the new energy cycle + the steady advancement of overseas capacity-building + the prospect of a single appraisal of the new central car company energy business + the continued deepening of cooperation with China in the area of intelligence”, we believe that the transformation of the company's electric intelligence will accelerate and drive performance, with clear logic in the medium and long term.
There is no direct or indirect correlation between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report, using data on legal compliance, careful presentation of research findings and the presentation of the present report in an independent and objective manner.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.