The year-on-year increase in sales in May, the new energy and seaboard strategies were well advanced, the Chang An Motors (000625.sz) Dynamics Study  the year-on-year increase in sales in May, and the new energy and seaboard strategies went well.
On 6 June, the Chang An vehicle released its May production and sales report: the company's total sales in May, 123.2 million vehicles in May, an increase of 1.3 per cent in the same year, and a significant increase in the new energy source of the autonomous brand, the company's own brand in May.
55.5 million vehicles sold, an increase of 87.8 per cent in the same year and 235.5 million in January-May. The volume of overseas sales increased significantly in the same year: 333 million vehicles sold abroad by the company ' s own brand in May, an increase of 72.9 per cent in the same year and 17.39 million vehicles sold in January-May, an increase in the same year.
The corresponding ps are 0.7, 0.6 and 0.5 times, respectively, taking into account the firm's new energy strategy and seaboard strategy, which is steadily advancing, with greater potential for future growth, and maintaining the “buy-in” investment rating (2) that requires less than anticipated consumption of cars;
(1) The expansion of new models is not as high as expected; (3) the pace of sea trips is not as high as expected.
2024-05-04  Introduction to the Automotive Group
In-depth and forward-looking research, specializing in bottom-up exploitation of shares. Deep coverage of Tesla Industrial Chain/One Xie Menzin: Master's degree, London School of Political and Economics, 2023 in Chinese securities, Zhang Ji-chi: Bencco, Columbia University, 2024 in Chinese securities.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.