Deep blue g318 is on its way out to sea to sustain growth.
684,000 vehicles, i.e. + 8.5% of the year; long Anfort wholesaled 18,000 vehicles in May, i.e. -- 8.3% of the year, ring \triangleright 10,000 vehicles, i.e. + 1.3% of the year, ring + 0.1% of the year, with a relatively stable performance.
One, 72.7%, ring + 6.4%; 14,371 in May, 4 569 in Aveta, and a steady increase in sales in Aveta. At the Beijing Car Fair, deep blue officials announced the opening of the G318 in May and the official delivery in June. Looking ahead, companies will launch Deep Blue G318, Source cd 701, Aveta 15/16, etc.
A heavy-pound vehicle, a strong product cycle, will drive the accelerated transformation of new energy sources. The acceleration of overseas sales opens up global markets. 33,000 autonomous overseas sales in May 2024, together with \triangleright.
Long An (000625.sz) series rating 1: Avi's performance is bright; exports are expected to continue to grow, supporting sales and performance. The company's full-scale "right rudder production base" in Thailand's layout will start production in q1 in 2025, with an initial capacity of 100,000.
By 2024, the company expects to complete the three-point review of the two major ASEAN and European priorities, 3. Chang An (000625.sz) series: January, China has steadily advanced its intellectualization of cooperation. In November 2023, the company and China signed the Investment Compact.
\triangleright Aide Memoire to deepen cooperation; 16 January 2024, China has completed registration of the target company, Shenzhen Intelligent Technology Ltd., and its operations include, inter alia, car smart driving solutions, cars.
On 6 August, the company announcement is expected to sign the final transaction document no later than 31 August 2024. We believe that Hwa is a deep-dwelling intellectual driver, core cabin technology, and that the company, as a shareholder of the target company, is expected to benefit from the technology and product resources of the target company, benefiting from its intellectual empowerment, effectively improving the competitiveness of its products, and accelerating the transformation of its smart electric power.
Investment Recommendations: We look forward to the transformation of the company's electric intelligence, which is built into intelligent capabilities and maintains a profit-for-profit \triangleright model delivery that is not as expected; the industry's “price war” has intensified.
Figure 1: LAG wholesale sales and same-time increases (vehicles; %) Figure 2: LAG and same-time increases (vehicles; %) Figure 3: LAG and same-year increases (vehicles; %)
Figure 4: Overseas wholesale sales of the Chang An autonomous brand and the same rate of increase (vehicle; %) Figure 5: Monthly sales of the deep blue brand (vehicle) Figure 6: Monthly sales of the Avita brand (vehicle)
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.