Quarterly review 2024: Actively responding to competition in the industry, announcement point: company disclosure in the first quarter of 2024, company q1 won $37,023 million, lower than we expected, mainly to release more business governance from the competitive downstream market.
▪ The company actively responds to industry competition, deep blue/open source/Avita and the share of the gravitational tanker market are synchronized upwards. Company q1 has achieved 589,000 autonomous brand sales, +13.6 per cent/+7.3 per cent for the same ring comparison, and start-up 4 models have achieved 28.3 million sales, with the ring being almost equal. o1 converts autonomous brands (no)
The average price of a bicycle, including Aveta, is $6.41 million, and the average price of the ring is 4.9 per cent/19.4 per cent, respectively.
The increase in discounts for new energy and export sales of q1 has resulted in a decline in the Māori ratio from 4.1/5.1 pct to 14.4% for the ring ratio, respectively, mainly in brands such as source of inspiration/gravity.
The company’s sales/management/research and development teams continue to grow in size, as a result of the increase in employees’ remuneration.
The higher value of company terminal discounts, coupled with the failure of the O1 supply chain to land, resulted in profit waves q4 performing as expected, self-profited and robust, intelligently looking ahead: the new car cycle was strong and its share steadily increased.
+The launch of nearly 10 new cars with a strong cycle; synchronous power within and outside the country, sales target for 2024 is still high, with deep blue and new land crossing g318 with cd701/Avita15 and 16 items.
A series of electric cars are being delivered on the market, covering $100,000 to $300,000 in mainstream market price range, new vehicles +6%, smart/globalization on the move. The intelligentness dimension is being introduced into the power of power, Avita/Deep Blue, followed by China.
Intelligentness and the Qingbang module enhances corporate intelligence and product competitiveness. Globalization, the Heinaucheon initiative, drives the enhancement of overseas product imports and channel layout, enjoys an autonomous export sector dividend, optimizes profit structures, and opens up medium- and long-term development space.
▪ Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Considering the increased competition in the car industry, we have downgraded the three major financial forecasts for the company ' s Chang An Motors, and Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.