Chang An Car (000625): A quarter of exports continue strong growth, new cycles improve profitability Reason for reporting: Performance rating
“Autonomous new energy + export” sales have increased by a higher offset, with 2024q1 battalion revenues growing robustly on a year-on-year basis. On the revenue side, from this, 437,000 vehicles were sold on an autonomous basis, compared to 10.43 per cent/+45.1 per cent for the same ring; the export growth of an autonomous new energy source of 1288 million continued to support the revenues; and on the price side, 2024q1 was used as a bicycleasp (business income/changqing + river) in 2024q1
The North + Fertilizer Sales is $86.4 million, the same ring ratio is 5.53 per cent/-17.08 per cent, and the asp ring decline in the same ring is mainly due to the main vehicle models under long-term brands such as cs75 plus, un-v, and the vagabond plus, all of which have opened a price reduction promotion to accommodate the short-term post-spring "price battles" of the new industry, and the overall reversal of the losses of the consortium and the joint venture has been very positive.
2024q1 net profit from the parent and net profit from the non-mortality of the parent have been reduced by the same round, mainly by the same return on investment. In terms of return on investment in the shares and joint ventures, Aveta, Majuta, Fortelle joint venture/joint venture has generated $149 million in return for investment, an increase of $2,548 million over 2023q4, and a substantial reversal of the loss is better.
The company works with suppliers, distributors and promotes efficiency gains from a whole industry chain perspective, and the profit end of 2024q2 is expected to be "Long An Car (000625).
On the new side of the car, Chang-Ann is carrying the global first-volume “modifiable new cars” with long-starter sources e07, deep blue g318, deep blue sl03/s7 Black Gold Knights, second-generation un-v Iddd with the new blue whale powering platform, and long-an-gae trail van-v919,
New cars like Madaez-6 show up in Beijing. Of these, e07 is built on a sda digitized platform to locate large-scale high-end smart electricssuv, capable of morphing suv to pickup, scheduled to be delivered to the market by 2024q4; g318 is a large hard-pitched suv in the long An first paragraph, using a vehicle carrier with a deep blue super-accumulation 2.0 technology, for 400hi4-t,
In terms of globalization, the two major new energy brands of the Chang-Ann vehicles, Deep Blue and Unleashing, were first shown in the Middle East on April 30, 2024.
The source-product matrix is expected to be rich to further boost export sales, and the company expects to complete the entry of the two major overseas regional markets of ASEAN and Europe by 2024, and the entry of new markets is expected to enhance export elasticity. Investment proposal: Corporate fuel-car operations are solid, with steady growth in “new energy start-up + overseas capacity-building”
Driven by multiple factors, such as the prospect of a separate appraisal of the new energy business of the Central Motors + joint venture impairment to optimize asset quality + deepening collaboration with China on intelligence, we believe that the transformation of the company's electric intelligence will accelerate and drive performance.
Quicker than expected and new model sales less than expected.Appendix: three series of statements predicting values, using data information that is legally compliant, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.