Shen Jia's sales grew steadily in April and, in cooperation with China, continued to move forward with a proposal to “buy in”
In April, the company sold 210,000 cars, yoy + 15.5%, Mom-19%. Autonomy brands and joint ventures increased their sales this month, mainly from new energy cars and exports. As new energy products, such as deep blue, start-up sources, are on the market, companies are expected to grow steadily.
Because of increased competition in the market, corporate profit margins are squeezed, but as scale effects increase and the supply chain drops, corporate profitability is expected to recover. In the medium and long term, in collaboration with China, the net annual profits of overseas cities will be $8.197/11.7 billion, excluding 23 years of deep blue and rising impact.
Sales grew steadily in April, with yoy+15.5%: the company sold 210,000 cars in April, yoy+15.5%, mom-19%. The sales of autonomous brands and joint ventures grew this month, mainly from new energy vehicles and exports.
There are currently 2 and 3 cars in sale, respectively. New products in deep blue this year are expected to be delivered g318 in June;
New product e07 is expected to be on the market in October, and an annual change will be made in September for three existing products, and sales are expected to increase steadily.
93.2 per cent, with the expansion of overseas channels and the increase in the number of vehicles being placed, this year institutional investors accounted for 180,000, yoy + 68 per cent of the total volume of new energy items sold abroad by autonomous brands and 140,000.
The joint venture between Chang An and Hua is moving forward: on May 7, the company issued an announcement of progress on the memorandum of understanding with Hua for Investment Cooperation. Hua was registered as the target company on January 16, 2024, called Shenzhen Insight Smart Technology Ltd., which covers intelligent motor drivers.
The work of the new company is currently under way and is expected to be finalized no later than 31 August 2024 (delayed on 26 April, as foreseen in the previous announcement).
The company's Aveta brand, which is working with China, is now working well, and the current model is carrying Chinese smart driving solutions and smart cabin technology, and in March it was officially zero-ta city without smart driving functions. In addition to the Aveta 11 and 12 sales, Aveta 15 and 16 will be on the market in the second half of this year.
In addition, Aveta will launch an incremental version of its current model this year. This year, Aveta has accelerated the launch of the product, and the overall sales of brands are expected to increase significantly.
This report is prepared by the Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of the Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by the Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.