Chang An (000625.sz): Three major plans to speed up the layout, Chang An (000625) short-term impact of the investment losses of participating companies on net profits and a steady increase in the Māori ratio of overseas operations.
The company realized $43.09 billion, or 200.0 per cent of the year; a net return of $1.450 billion was realized, consisting mainly of an equity gain of $5.02 billion from the acquisition of deep blue cars by 23q1 and a net loss of $2.4 billion on 23q4 investment in alliances and joint ventures.
There was an increase, which we believe is due mainly to the good performance of high Maori overseas operations, the three major programs of 23-year-old Cheonan cars abroad have been steadily advancing, and the penetration rate of new-energy-type sales has increased rapidly.
+74.8 per cent for the same year; 358,000 vehicles for export, +43.9 per cent for the same year, with the implementation of the Beidou Sky Consort at the intelligent level, which was successful in obtaining 17 high fast-track class 193 autopilot test plates and became the first and most tested in individual batches; and the Shangri-La project built deep blue, deep blue.
Open source, Aveta's three major smart electric brands, with 29.7 per cent penetration of new energy sources, same as +10.2 pt, the launch of the new self-research battery brand, the Golden Bell Mask; the launch of the Global Heiner Bichuan project, which established five major global industries, the first overseas new energy production base to operate in Thailand.
Construction, a global right-wing market with a design capacity of 100,000 vehicles, deepals07, and deepallo7 were officially opened in Thailand, opening the South-East Asian market. The 24-year new car layouts have steadily hit 2.65 million years of sales, and China continues to deepen its cooperation.
2024 GVA Global Partners Conference message: In addition to a quarter of long hunting, a quarter of dark blue g318 for the second quarter, Aveta 15, a quarter of dark blue c 857, a quarter of long Ankehangg 393; a quarter of cd701, Avetae 16, a quarter of open c798, a quarter of long Anoma
Deep blue, avita, apocalypse have become the focus of product matrix development, new energy transformations have accelerated, and the year 2024 will hit the annual sales target of 2.65 million vehicles. In collaboration with China, the Great Blue will also join the He-cooperative model, which followed Avita in November 2023.
As a further extension of cooperation between the two sides following the signing of the Memorandum of Cooperation on Investment.
We're looking forward to the loss in the first three months of this year, and we're looking forward to the loss this year.
We believe that the commercialization of the Chinese-hi model and the smart car-selection model has matured, that the future circle of friends is expected to expand, and that Chang-Ang has taken the lead in building China’s smart electric poles. Profit predictions and investment ratings: kick-starters, deep blues, and Aveta are becoming the backbone of the long-term new car cycle.
We expect the company to return to its net profits in 2024-2026. Risk factors: price fluctuations in raw materials, less than expected sales of new vehicles, less than expected energy transformation, \triangleright.
Figure 1: Company revenue (millions of yuan) and growth rate (%) for the calendar year, Figure 2: Companies ' quarterly collections (billions) Figure 5: Company ' s quarterly Māori & Net Interest Rate (%)
Figure 6: Quarterly cost of the company (%) Skywind Securities, first place in the 2018 Gold Cow Award, second place in new wealth in 2020, and fourth core member in team four. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry are good at capitalizing on investment opportunities.
There are opportunities in the areas of industrial chains, smart cars, and autonomous brands. Working at Toyota Motor Technology Center and Joaquin Securities, one year's work experience in automobile companies plus two years of research experience in the automobile industry.
Xu Guofang, the Master of Applied Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as the whole of the new power, intelligence, and so on. What components are not, are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly, related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.