\triangleright \triangleright short-term fluctuations in performance influenced by price competition. At the income end: higher levels of autonomous sales drive higher yields.
\triangleright Increases the implementation of the annual landing plan plus the transfer to the industrial chain, and the profit end is expected to improve. Cost side: Cost ratio and deep blue g318 heavy-pound new cars bright, deep blue g318 hard cross-country suv with air
(b) Launch e07 position trans-boundary suv, built on a sda digitized platform, with electrical and intelligent product cycles up.
In November 2023, the company and China signed a memorandum of understanding on investment cooperation, which is expected to be announced in the near future, and we believe that China will be able to do so.
3. Three reviews in the series of Cheonan Cars (000625.sz): January: Deep-farming intellectual driving, core cabin technology; company follow-up, as the shareholders of the target company, is expected to benefit from the technology and product resources of the target company, benefiting from intellectual empowerment, effective product competitiveness and accelerated intelligent electrical transformation.
Overseas sales are growing faster and open to global markets. 2024q1 autonomous brands have 109,000 overseas sales, i.e. 80.1% compared to 80.1%, ring +74.2% compared to 74.2%, which is a significant increase, and 2024q2 exports are expected to continue to grow, supporting sales and performance.
At a firm pace, high-quality products are expected to open up long-term growth space. Investment advice: we look forward to a transformation of corporate electric intelligence, a build-up of capital for intelligence, and an adjustment of profit prospects.
\triangleright \triangleright model delivery was less than expected; the industry “price war” intensified.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.