Autonomously sound up-and-up joint ventures are reduced by light loads, and joint ventures affect profitable gross and net profit performance. End of income: higher levels of autonomous sales drive revenue on \triangleright
10,000 yuan, corresponding to +16,000 yuan, ring to 0.1 million yuan. At the profit end: exports, drops in Bentra Maori, higher joint venture costs, mainly due to a four-quarter increase in corporate drops, export promotion of Māori (63,000,2023q4 overseas sales are not returned to the mother of 170 million yuan, mainly due to factors such as long Anfort's impairment, resulting in return for investment.
-2.4 billion yuan in impact; higher non-recurrent gains and losses are due to the fact that self-profits continue to be sound in the context of increased sales of Avi ' s new energy, as measured by the investment returns on the equity law, as measured by the requirement to regulate. Cost side: reduced cost rates, strengthened controls.
In November 2023, the company and China signed the Memorandum of Understanding on Investment Cooperation, which is expected to be revealed in the near future.
Deep blue g318, open source e07 is expected to show up in the product cycle of the exhibition.
\triangleright source e07 and deep blue g318 heavy-pound new cars: deep blue g318 location incremental hard-to-field suv, air hangers and cdc chassis, space and power colouring; open source e07 position cross-border suv, base
Created on a smart electric superdigital platform with electric and intelligent product cycles up. Investment proposal: We look at the transformation of corporate electric intelligence, super-volcing it for intellectual empowerment, adjusting profit prognosis \triangleright
\triangleright model delivery is less than expected; industry “price wars” have intensified; adjusted for share of non-recurrent gains and losses in invested units.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.