High export growth has led to a steady increase in the profitability of the autonomous brand, the growth of the Chang An car (000625.sz) and the introduction of new energy sources into the product cycle.
Events: company ' s financial report for 2023, operating revenue of $151,298 million over the year, growth in new energy vehicles and exports, leading to an upturn in the profitability of self-owned fuel trucks
Qin Zhikun sold 1597,000 vehicles, +14.9 per cent of the same year, 236,000 vehicles, +39.2 per cent of the same year, 474,000 new energy sales from the main brand, +74.8 per cent of the same year, and exports and new energy sources were the main increase in sales.
The growth in operating income was mainly due to the combination of the purchase of the dark blue car at the beginning of the year, the elimination of the dark blue car and its appearance, and the company’s business income of $12,541.5 billion in 2023, i.e., +3.4 per cent in comparison with the high growth in exports, which hit the market’s “price war” and kept the harvest stable. At the same time, the export’s high Māori raised the company.
The profitability of the autonomous branded fuel truck, which in 2023 was 24.8% of the company’s business abroad, is significantly higher than 18.0% of the overall vehicle sales business, and the net profit of the autonomous branded fuel truck increases.
On a recurrent gain/loss project, we measure the continued weakening of the corporate-adjusted corporate-owned fuel vehicle product losses and the rapid increase in the size of the new energy brand. Molecular brands show, in terms of joint brands, that the long-term equity investment in Annford at the end of 2023 is zero and the company ' s book value is zero.
Without the obligation to incur additional losses on the long-term equity investment balance of the long-term equity investment of the long-term Anjoda, the long-term equity investment balance of the long-term equity investment of the long-term engine of the long-term Anjota is $80 million and is projected to be 300 per cent deep.
The impact of the follow-up of the joint venture brand on corporate profits will continue to diminish; in the case of the new energy brand, which benefits from rapid growth in sales, the firm ' s new energy brand has increased rapidly in size, and in 2023, deep blue cars won $25.880 billion, compared to +65.1 per cent, net profits of $30.0 billion, corresponding to a narrow 6.2 per cent, and the scale effects are decreasing.
It is becoming apparent that Aveta has achieved a revenue of $5.65 billion, a significant increase of $28 million compared to 2022, a net gain of $3.690 billion, compared with an increase of +83.2 per cent, a lower-than-deficit increase in major sales, a less visible scale effect, and a larger pre-investment in research and development in high-end brands, which is expected to be accompanied by a continued increase in Aveta sales.
The impact of joint venture brand losses continues to diminish the ability of promising companies to maintain steady and steady profits from the steady decline of their new energy brands. In the course of the year, the company began to build a new energy brand matrix with a start-up + deep blue + avita, covering low, medium, and high levels.
In 2024, the company will continue to enrich the product matrix and further upgrade the product layout.
In terms of intelligence, companies have developed deep collaboration with China, in August 2023, Deep Blue announced that it would be a smart car solution, in November 2023, the company signed a memorandum of cooperation with China on investment, and the company is interested in investing in a new company in the field of smart network cars that China is about to establish.
Depending on the industry’s leading suppliers of smart driving systems, the differentiated competitiveness of the company’s products is expected to be further enriched by the growth of enabling companies into leading enterprises in the field of smart and electrical products.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.