National top-level medical image industry leader (for the first time) Joint Film Medical Insight Report (688271)
On October 28, 2022, Wei Hongmei, our market for medical video equipment has been expanding.
The technical barriers are high at 0340513040002, and the country’s demand for medical images continues to grow as a result of a combination of factors such as ageing society, changing living habits, and economic development.
In 2015-2020, the market for medical imaging equipment in China grew from 29.970 billion yuan to 53.7 billion yuan yuan, thanks mainly to the development of the medical imaging and therapeutic equipment industry and policy dividends, as well as public funds.
The main data is October 27, 2022. The Division’s own product technology, branding, and sales network were upgraded. In the first half of 2022, the company’s product matrix was better and it was in the lead in several areas of breakdown of medical imaging equipment in the country.
The company has developed a rich product line around high-end medical imaging equipment, covering diagnostic products such as mr, ct, xr, pet/ct, pet/mr, radiotherapy products such as conventional rt, ct-guided rt, vital science instruments such as mr, animal pet/ct, storage projects including dsa, ultrasound products, etc.
In terms of field status, companies are ranked first in the fields of mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr, and dr. According to the insight, in 2020, company mr products were ranked first in the new domestic market by the number of new desktops; ct products ranked first in the new domestic market; pet/ct and
PET/mr products are ranked first in the new domestic market. According to medical admissions, in 2021, the company’s mobile dr products and breast dr products were sold first in the country’s respective market breakdowns.
Research, production, and services of products, radiotherapy products, and life science instruments. Companies focus on innovation, and the main core parts of the product lines are self-produced, leading the country in the fields of mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr, and dr. In the future, companies are moving towards industrialization.
As a result of policies such as aging society, graded consultations, new infrastructure for medical care, and interest-bearing loans for medical equipment, the future development of the medical imaging and treatment equipment industry will be improved and national production will increase.
The core components depend on the risk of outsourcing; the policy risk of implementing centralized procurement; industry regulatory risk; the risk of internationalization and business expansion; trade friction and geopolitical risks; and the risk of a new crowning epidemic.
The company is one of the leading national producers of high-end medical imaging equipment. The company is one of the leading national producers of high-end medical imaging equipment.
The company was established in 2011 and has its headquarters in Shanghai, with regional headquarters and research and development centres in the United States, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates, Poland, etc., and with production and energy distribution in Shanghai, Changzhou, Wuhan, and Houston, the United States, with a global network of research and development, production and services.
The company has focused mainly on high-end medical imaging and treatment equipment. Since its inception, the company has been developing and maintaining its own research and development, keeping its good products up to date. For more than a decade, it has been working on magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr), x-ray computer fault scan systems (ct), x-ray imaging systems (xr), molecular image systems (pet/ct, pet/mr), radiotherapy.
In addition, in 2018, the company removed smaller third-party imaging centres and medical artificial intelligence operations, focusing more on the main industry and accelerating its development. The company is also actively developing the dsa (large c-arm) and ultrasound lines of the xr product line.
The company ' s products are rich in variety and are dominated by medical video equipment. According to the joint video medical caller, the company ' s main products can be divided into four main categories: 1 medical video equipment: 1.5 tmr and 3.0 tmr equipment (for the time being, mostly 1.5 t), economic and medium-high-end ct equipment (mainly economic), xxr, dr, mammo and carm, etc.
Preparation (mainly dr), simulation mi and digital mi equipment (mainly digit mi): 2 radiotherapy products are mainly medical straight accelerator systems; 3 life science instruments include animal mr and animal pet/ct; 4 cloud-based medical Internet software such as cloud platforms, cloud film, cloudpacs, etc.
Figure 2: The main products of joint cinema medicine are combined with medical video equipment. 1.2 Core executives lead the research and development team
The real owner of the company is Mr. Xue Min, the controlling shareholder is the joint film group. Mr. Xue holds shares in the company through the joint film group, the Shanghai film group, and the Shanghai film group. The company’s first shareholder is the joint film group (the joint video medical technology group’s limited corporate division), and the second shareholder is the Shanghai Federation and the Shanghai investment company.
As of the date of the signing of the joint medical presentation, there are 10 of them: Changzhou, Guizhou, Shenzhen, Shanghai Xinjiang, Wuhan, Shanghai Hai, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Wuhan Ji-hye and Wu Han-I.
The company’s research and development team is led by a core manager. According to the joint video medical call note, the company has 10 core technical staff. Among them, Mr. Zhang is the president, director and chief executive officer of the company. Dr. Zhang has graduated from Case.
Under Mr. Zhang's leadership, the company's research and development team has completed a number of major national and Shanghai-based projects, building superconducting magnetic resonance research and development and industry.
The platform allows the industrialization of the country’s first 3.0t superconducted magnetic resonance system, which is a front-line technology for the development of magnetic resonance imaging and provides high-resolution, high-precision brain function mapping and imaging equipment to the Chinese brain mapping team. The company’s core managers are leading the research and development team to grow up, reflecting the importance that the company attaches to innovation in research and development.
The company’s revenues have grown rapidly in recent years, mainly as a result of medical imagery and treatment.
The equipment industry’s growth and policy dividends, as well as the company’s own product technology, branding, and marketing networks, increased by 93.36 per cent in 2020, mainly because of the impact of the new crown epidemic, the demand for related medical equipment and the increased sales of company-owned and vehicle-borne products such as drr.
In the first half of 2022, the company collected $4,172 million, and in 2020, the company lost a surplus. According to ifind, the net return profit of the company was reversed in 2020, increased sales teams and increased sales promotion inputs from the fast-growing battalion in 2021 led to an increase in overhead costs and sales costs.
The share of income for medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment has remained at over 87%, which is the company’s core business block. Second, the company’s second largest operating block is the security service, which has increased steadily in recent years, from 2.96% in 2018.
In 2018-2021, companies sold medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment, providing maintenance and technical services and services at a combined rate of 52.74 per cent and 93.91 per cent, respectively. ct, mr, mi were relatively high in medical imaging and treatment equipment.
The share of mr, mi, xr, rt products in the operations of medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment was 51.65%, 23.08%, 15.70%, 7.45% and 2.11% respectively. The share of ct products in the operations of medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment in 2021 was 8.30 percentage points higher than in 2018: mr
The share of equipment and xr equipment decreased. Corporate ct and mi income increased brightly, and rt products were sold in small quantities. Rt products, ct and mi equipment showed good performance at compound speeds. Corporate ct, mr, mi, xr, rt, 2019-2021.
Most of the increase in sales of economic ct equipment has been due to the increase in sales of equipment; in the past two years, Mi has also increased by more than 80 per cent in compound income from equipment, mainly due to the company ' s introduction of a multi-digit mil heavy-pound new product in 2020 and the gradual release of market demand in 2021. Figure 8: Distribution of medical video diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment for joint cinema medicine: Figure 9: Combustion of income from combined medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment for joint cinema medicine
The share of income in mainland China exceeded 90 per cent, with a share of 91.49 per cent in 2021, a compound increase in revenue in mainland China between 2018 and 2021.
Corporate profitability is rising. Corporate Māori sales are on the rise as a whole, with 49.42% in 2021, an increase of 10.37 percentage points from 2018, driven mainly by an increase in the Māori rate for ct, mr, and mi products. As the scale of company sales expands, the scale effect gradually emerges, and the cost rate is gradually improving over time, with sales in 2020.
Cost and management rates have declined markedly; they have declined steadily during 2021. Net corporate interest rates have been rising gradually, with the Māori rate of 49.85 per cent, 48.21 per cent and 46.60 per cent respectively for equipment for ready and radiation treatment, insurance services, software operations, and (1) Māori operational rates have steadily increased for medical imaging and radiotherapy equipment for core products.
Series: Over the last three years, average Māori rates for corporate economics have ranged from 42% to 47%, average Māori rates for medium- and high-end  have increased, and Māori increases in 2021 have mainly benefited from cost advantages associated with the use of new technologies and the self-production of some components. 3mi series: Māori rates have fluctuated slightly, mainly in the relatively small volume of M sales, and Māori rates are vulnerable to different models.
The Māori ratio has remained above 62% in recent years as a result of product sales. Of this, the average Māori ratio of analogue mi devices has been around 62% in recent years. Series: The overall upward trend is driven mainly by lower costs.
In the last three years, there have been 20 cumulative sales, and the change in the Māori rate has been largely influenced by individual orders. (2) The Māori rate of company security services has increased considerably, mainly because of lower maintenance expenditure during the period of security due to higher quality stability of the company’s products, as well as fixed costs such as average labour costs and travel for maintenance products.
(3) The company ' s relatively small share of revenue from software operations, with Māori fluctuations mainly due to differences in business orders. Figure 14: Māori rates for joint video medicine operations, Figure 15: Māori rates for joint video medical imaging diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment, by sex
The global market for medical devices continues to grow in size.
The global market for medical devices continues to grow, adding to the impact of the new crown outbreak of almost three years. According to the CS, the global market for medical devices grew from $358.2 billion to $443 billion between 2015 and 2020, with a period of compounding, by 2020, with in vitro diagnostic reagents, cardiovascular equipment and consumables, video equipment, or osteoporology, orthograms, or eye,
The global market for medical devices accounted for 15.12%, 11.29%, 9.71%, 7.90%, and 6.32%, respectively; among them, video equipment ranked third in size, after in vitro diagnostic reagents and cardiovascular equipment and consumables. China’s market for medical devices grew faster and faster than the global level.
The size of the market for medical devices in China increased from 3,125.5 billion yuan to 778,933 million yuan in 2015-2020, with a period of cagr of about 20 per cent, which is 4.6 times the global average for the same period. It is projected that the market for medical devices in China will reach 1.56 trillion yuan in 2025.
Figure 17: Size of the Chinese market for medical devices 2.1.2 Definition and classification of medical imaging equipment in the medical imaging and treatment equipment industry.
Equipment for the application of various physical signals, such as visible light, x-rays, ultrasounds, and powerful magnetic fields, to record the distribution of the signal intensity of human feedback, to form images and to enable doctors to interpret the technical means of human structure, pathological information. Medical images are prepared to be divided into diagnostic images and therapeutic images. Depending on the signal, diagnostic images can be divided into magnetic resonance.
Like (mr) equipment, X-ray computer fault scan imaging (ct), x-ray imaging (xr) equipment, molecular image (mi) equipment, ultrasound (us) equipment, etc.; the treatment of image equipment can be broadly divided into digital migraine imaging equipment (dsa, commonly known as large c-arm), directed radiation equipment (bone c-arm), etc.
Figure 18: Classification of medical imaging diagnostic and therapeutic equipment The size of China’s market for medical imaging equipment continues to expand. In the field of medical equipment, there are high technical barriers to medical imaging equipment, which are driven by a combination of factors such as aging society, changing living habits and economic development.
The market for video equipment in China has been growing steadily, driven by industrial policies such as health-care reform, graded consultations, etc. According to a critique consultation, the market for Chinese medical imaging equipment grew from 29,97 billion yuan to 2.2 mr.
mr definition and classification. Magneticresonanceimaging, short for mr, is a device that uses the atomic core (mainly hydrogen protons) in the water molecules of a human body to reconstruct the magnetic resonance signal in a powerful magnetic field and weaving or organ imaging. Based on the principle of producing the magnetic field, the mr system is divided mainly into permagnetic magnetic resonance equipment and superconductor.
Magnetic resonance devices, which are more common on the market, are 1.5t and 3.0t superconductive mr devices. 2.2.1 Our market size in mr is growing steadily, and the global market size in mr is growing, with the United States, mainland China, and Europe combined accounting for more than 80% of the total.
Between 2015 and 2020, the global market for mr equipment grew from $7.5 billion to $9.3 billion, with a period of cagr 4.4 per cent and a cumulative load of more than 50,000 units. Qualitative forecast data indicate that the mr industry is still developing rapidly, with the global market size expected to grow to $11.83 billion in 2025, with a compound growth rate of 4.9 per cent projected for 2020-2025.
In terms of regional distribution, most of the mr equipment is concentrated in the United States, mainland China and Europe, with a total of 30,97%, 27,42%, and 22.04% of the total in 2020, or more than 80%. China is the fastest growing market in the global mr equipment market.
The scale of the equipment market increased from RMB 6.07 billion to RMB 8.92 billion over a period of 8.0 per cent, close to two times the global level of the same period, and was the fastest growing country in the world, mr. In terms of penetration, citing data from the joint video medical caller note, China had only 9.7 mr per million inhabitants per capita in 2018, about one-sixth of Japan’s levels for the same period, no.
As clinical and scientific research needs grow, and medical diagnostic technology rises, our mr market will continue to grow at a faster pace, and penetration is expected to increase gradually, leading to an accelerated expansion of the overall market.
Figure 22: Per capita holdings per million mr in 2018 Superconductor mr equipment is mainstream in the market, with an expected increase in the ratio of 3.0 tr. Superconductor mr equipment, generally with magnetic field strength of 0.35-7.0t, including 1.5t, 3.0t and 7.0t (not yet applied to the human body).
The highest holdings in the global mr market are currently 1.5 tmr equipment, while the ratio of 3.0 tmr equipment is rising step by step. According to the CS, in 2020 the ratio of domestic 1.5 tmr equipment was about 61.4%, the ratio of 1.5 tr equipment to below mr equipment (middle and low end) was about 3/4 and the ratio of ultraconductive equipment 3.0 tr was about 25%.
The market will continue the trend of high end, and the ratio of equipment 3.0tmr will gradually rise in the domestic market.
Medicals account for 20.3% of the domestic market of mr equipment, which is well above international brands. The second and third ranks are Siemens and Ge, respectively, with a similar market share of 17.6% and 16.6% in 2020, respectively, with joint cinema medicine leading international manufacturers in the domestic market of superconductor mr equipment.
In the domestic market, the highest sales of 1.5 tmr are made by the only national company that produces 3.0 tmr equipment. According to an inquisitorial consultation, the share of 1.5 tmr equipment in the domestic market is more than 25%.
The main players in the mr equipment market include Siemens Medical, Ge Medical, Philips Medical, Joint Film Medical, etc., with an annual breakdown of the market share of about 17.1%.
cc. Definition and characteristics. Computer fault scans, short-cut, are designed to use precise and straight x-line beams, gamma rays, ultrasounds, etc., to conduct one-by-one cross-scan with a highly sensitive detector around one part of the human body, with the characteristics of rapid scanning time, clear images, etc., which can be used for the examination of multiple diseases.
Ct-diagnostics, by virtue of their special diagnostic value, have become one of the most common medical imaging devices in current clinical applications, and as process levels and computer technology have developed, ct-technology has developed at a rapid rate, from single to double and then to spiral and multilayered spirals.
2.3.1 The rapid growth in the size of the country ' s ct equipment market and the relative increase in the size of the global ct equipment market have been relatively bright in the Asia-Pacific region. According to a critique consultation, the global ct equipment market grew from $10.24 billion to $13.53 billion between 2015 and 2020, with a cagr accounting for 5.7 per cent of the regions over the period.
The Asia-Pacific region is the main driving force behind the growth in the size of the global ct-equipment market. Between 2015 and 2020, the Asia-Pacific region, North America, Europe, South America, the Middle East and South Africa regions saw a complex increase in the size of the ct-equipment market at 12.3%, 2.4%, 2.1%, 5.4% and 4.5% respectively, with the Asia-Pacific region growing at a much faster rate than other regions.
Measured data indicate that the size of the global ct-equipment market is expected to reach $17.59 billion in 2025, of which the Asia-Pacific region will have a reserve market size of $7.84 billion, which is far larger than the rest of the world in absolute terms.
With the impact of the new crown epidemic, the demand for ct equipment surged, and the domestic market for ct equipment increased by 46.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The growth in the size of the domestic ct-equipment market is expected to slow in the next few years; however, there is still much room for improvement in penetration, and the size of the country ' s ct-equipment market is expected to continue to grow, driven by policies such as an ageing society, grade-based consultations, and new infrastructure for medical care.
The compound rate of growth is projected at 3.6 per cent, as shown in figure 30: market size of Chinese cact equipment, figure 31: Per million ct holdings in 2019.
According to the structure of the product, 64 rows below ct devices are in the mainstream in the country, and 64 rows above and 64 rows of ct equipment will gradually rise. Here, the "row" refers to the physical ranking of the ct detector in the direction of the z axis, reflecting mainly the hardware structure of the ct. According to the CS, in 2020 64 rows below ct equipment in the country accounted for approximately 65% and 64 rows above.
According to Ming Peong's medical offer note, the main driving force of the future Chinese cut-off market is the medium-to-high end of 64 rows, as well as the economic cut-off type of equipment for the sink market. In 2030, the share of 64 rows and above in the country will rise to 40.8%.
2.3.2 Joint cinema medicine is the largest market share in China’s cact equipment market for joint cinema medicine. On the basis of insight, the share of joint cinema medicine in the domestic ct equipment market reached 23.7% in 2020, and the share of the ge medical market is second only to that of the combined equipment market.
Medical care, which accounts for about 18.2 per cent; third place is Philips Health, which has a market share of about 14.8 per cent. In 2020, the domestic ct equipment market reached 56.7 per cent, cr 5 was more than 76 per cent, and the market concentration is relatively high, but there is still room for an increase in the concentration of ct equipment market as the technology of the head business develops and product innovations.
In 2020, the share of joint cinema medicine in China’s 64th row below the ct market was 28.0% (at the caliber of the new additions), which is 1.8 times higher than that of the second ge. In China’s 64th and above ct market, sales in 2020 were higher.
The top three were importers of ge, Siemens and Philips, which together accounted for close to 65 per cent of the total; joint film medicine ranked fourth, with a market share of about 14.0 per cent, and led among national producers. 2.4 x ray imaging system (xr)
xr Definition and classification. xr devices use x-rays as a basis for detection and diagnosis, and control x-rays for tissue radiology and radiotherapy can help doctors to determine the patient’s specific condition. Medical x-rays are one of the most common devices for clinical applications and can be applied to the chest, bone joints, breast diseases, ovary and urinary systems.
Clinical diagnosis of diseases of the pulmonary, digestive, respiratory, urinary and cardiovascular systems. Depending on the characteristics of the use, xr equipment can be divided into general x-ray machines (gxr) and intertwined x-ray machines (ixr), gxr diagnostic examination by x-ray photography disease, common to conventional dr, mobile drr, mammary machines and gastrointestinal machines; and xxr, mainly a c-arm x-ray machine.
The size of the global market for xr equipment is growing steadily. According to the CS, the size of the global market for xr equipment from 2015 to 2020.
From $9.12 billion to $12.8 billion, the compound rate of increase was 5.8 per cent over the period, with the Asia-Pacific region having the largest population, accounting for more than 39 per cent of the global xr equipment market in 2020, and North America and Europe the second highest. Qualified advisory data show that the global xr equipment market will reach 16.1 billion yuan in 2025, of which the Asia-Pacific region rules xr.
China’s xr equipment market continues to grow in size, and breast machines and large, medium-sized and small c-shaped arms are expected to be the driving forces behind future growth.
Intercagr stands at 7.4%, which is 1.6 percentage points higher than the global average for the same period. The Joint Film Medical Recruitment Unit notes show that the size of the sunk market has grown, driven by a policy of stratification, and that the spread of Xr equipment, such as mobile dr, has benefited from the new coronary disease, which is currently not saturated in the Chinese market.
The technological development and scale of the country’s Xr equipment will be promoted, and the trend towards high-end domestic equipment will deepen, with the country’s Xr equipment market expected to reach $154.1 in 2025. By category, the current share of dr equipment and large c-arm (dsa) in the country’s xr market is relatively high, with a share of about 35% and 32% respectively in 2020; in the future, milk is expected to grow.
The size of the gland machine and large medium-sized and small-c-shaped arms is expected to increase relatively well in our country, and the corresponding breakdown of the market size of the field is expected to increase at double-digit rates per year for the period 2020-2025.
Xr has a large variety of equipment types, including dr, mobile dr, mammography, gastrointestinal machines, large c-shaped arms, medium c-shaped arms, small c-shaped arms, and so on, and there are differences in the pattern of the market. In China’s dr equipment market, Wandong’s share of the medical market is first, and joint medical sales are ranked among the top five.
There is still much room for improvement in the overall market concentration. According to the Institute of Medical Admissions and Chinese Economics and Industry, in 2021, our share of the Dr equipment market was first in terms of sales, at more than 20%; Shenzhen ' s second and third places, at 9.42% and 8.03% respectively. In terms of market concentration, China ' s Drr market in 2021.
Cr3 is 37.6%, cr5 51.1%, and there is much room for raising the market share of leading firms. According to the China-China Institute of Economics and Industry, the domestic market has a relatively high rate of domestic production, which currently accounts for more than 80% of domestic product sales and is largely replaced by imports.
The top five national producers have only 10,000 East and 8.89% of the total, mainly because the prices of imported products are generally higher than those of national production. Overall, there are more than 100 domestic dirders, and companies such as Vandong Medical Care and Joint Film Medical Care are relatively ahead of the technology and position.
Figure 39: China Dr equipment market pattern 2021 (by volume of sales) Figure 40: China Dr equipment market pattern 2021 (by volume of sales)
The advantages of mobile dr are clear, characterized by portability, ease of movement, flexibility of operation, etc. The market for mobile dr has flourished and the trend of national production has accelerated. According to medical admissions and the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the market share of joint cinema medicine in China ' s mobile dr market in 2021, by volume of sales, has increased.
16.62 per cent, and 13.38 per cent and 10.29 per cent respectively, respectively, of Van Dong and Murray, respectively, according to the data from the medical intakes, joint film medicine was well ahead of China ' s mobile Dr market in 2021 in terms of sales, with a 19.38 per cent city share, which is 6.63 percentage points higher than the second-highest-ranking Mari and the third-highest 10,000 easter.
In the breast-dr sector, importers dominate, joint medical sales outpace international brands and lead the national brand. As economic development, urbanization, ageing, breast-diagnostic demand, breast-drought
Social concerns have increased, and the technological and technological innovation of the country’s breast-dr enterprises has continued to increase. According to medical admissions, the share of joint cinema medicine in the country’s breast-drought market in 2021 was 17.96% by volume, accounting for the highest share, exceeding the second-ranking Hologic rate of 2.17 percentage points.
According to the data, in 2021, the top five companies ranked in terms of sales of breast-dry equipment in the country, with only one joint photo-dryer's national product plate and third place. In 2021, the share of domestic breast-dryers in joint-drying medicine was 17.75 per cent, with a difference of 4.52 percentage points from Horodje and a difference of 0.73 percentage points from the price of the ge-based medicine, mainly from the price of the product.
As a result, in 2021, the four remaining importers ranked in the top five of the country ' s breast-dr market, with a combined share of 60.79 per cent, dominated.Mi ' s definition and characteristics. Molecular image systems (molecularimaging), mi short, including pet/ct and pet/mr.
It is an advantage in the early detection of disease stoves by displaying specific molecules at tissue, cell and subcell levels, reflecting changes in molecular levels in the living state. prt/ct:mi devices typically represent pet/ct and belong to the high-end medical image system, where the scanned images are combined.
ct scans of anatomical structure images, as well as pet-based metabolic images, with special points such as sensitivity, accuracy, speciality and accuracy of location, which allow early detection of the stove and precise diagnosis of cancer and brain function diseases.prt/mr:pet/mr is a super-high-end device in the field of medical images that combines pet with mr and can clean the whole body.
The screening also revealed the diversion of the primary and whole body appliances to achieve early and accurate access to malignant neoplasms. 2.5.1 joint film medicine led by the national market in the pet/ct market led by the global market for pet/ct, developed countries and regions are relatively mature, and markets in the Asia-Pacific region are at a rapid stage of development.
According to the Qualitative Consultation, from 2015 to 2020, the global market for pet/ct equipment grew from $2.40 billion to $3.10 billion, compared with 5.2 per cent for the period cagr, with a combined growth rate of 15.6 per cent, 3.8 per cent, 3.4 per cent, 6.0 per cent and 5.1 per cent for the region of Asia and the Pacific, North America, Europe, South America, the Middle East and South Africa, respectively.
In terms of size, the Asia-Pacific region, North America, Europe, South America, the Middle East and South Africa region accounted for 15.8%, 39.0%, 35.5%, 5.8%, and 3.9% of the global market for pet/ct equipment in 2020. In North America and Europe as a whole, the pet/ct grew more mature and market rules prevailed.
Large, but relatively slow: Asia-Pacific is the third most rapidly growing market in the world and has grown rapidly in recent years. Credentials are projected to grow to $4.52 billion in 2025, with North and Central America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and $1.152 billion, $1.37 billion and Asia-Pacific, respectively.
The size of the market in China's pet/ct grew from 580 million yuan to 1.32 billion yuan, with a capr of 17.9 per cent well above the global average for the same period, slightly above the Asia-Pacific region level for the same period. In terms of penetration rates, the Joint Film Medical Recruitment Unit statement showed that China had only 0.61 items per million people in 2020, compared to 0.61 in the United States, Australia and Belgium for the same period.
Millions of people have a 9.4-fold, 6.1-fold, and 4.7-fold, respectively. As can be seen, there is still a great potential for growth in the per capita holdings of the pet/ct. Although the domestic pet/ct has been blocked by events such as the 2020 epidemic; but after 2018, the Health and Welfare Board modified the pet/ct to type B equipment, adding to the current epidemic ' s impact, gradual de-escalation and medical treatment.
New capital and, more recently, interest-bearing loans for medical equipment, the number of pet/cts installed in the country is expected to grow faster and faster in the future. Cognitive consulting projections indicate that China’s pet/ct market is expected to have a high concentration in China’s pet/ct market in 2025, with a market share of nearly one-third of the joint video medicine.
Consultancy, in terms of additional calibres, the share of joint cinema medicine in the domestic market in 2020 reached 32.1%, far higher than that of other enterprises; the second and third ranks were ge and Siemens, accounting for 26.4% and 21.4%, respectively; the rest of the producers had a market share of less than 10%. In terms of concentration, in 2020, the Chinese market of pet/ct reached cr3
80%, cr5 is close to 94% more concentrated in the market. According to the joint film collection instructions, joint film medicine has been a champion in the Chinese market of pet/ct for four consecutive years since it was marketed.
The global market for pet/mr equipment is still in its early stages of development, and is expected to expand at an accelerated pace in the future. According to a critique consultation, the global market for pet/mr equipment rose from $160 million to $250 million in 2015-2020, while the capr was 9.1 per cent in the period.
According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, in 2020 there were about 200 pet/mr installed worldwide, of which China had about one-fifth of the capacity. With the development of super-high-end equipment in areas such as scientific research, clinical, and conversion medicine, the global pet/mr joint video medicine took over half of the country’s pet/mr market.
ge and Siemens. On the basis of an inquisitorial consultation, joint film medicine accounted for about 50% of the domestic market in pet/mr in 2020, with a significant advantage; followed by Siemens and ge, with a market share of one quarter each in 2020.
2.6 Radiotherapy equipment (rt) Radiotherapy equipment and medical straight-line accelerators. Radiotherapy equipment, short rt, is currently common in oncology treatment and is derived from \alpha, \beta, \gamma rays and various x-ray treatment machines produced by radioisotopes or from accelerators.
Electronic wires, proton beams, and other particle beams, etc., treat oncological diseases. According to the China-China Institute of Economics and Industry, on-the-market therapeutic devices include medical straight-line accelerators, gamma knives, firing knives, spiral fault treatment, proton heavy ion devices, etc.
Set the target area and give the target area an even dose. The integrated straight-line accelerator, integrating the medical straight-line accelerator with the ct, overcoming shortcomings such as position errors, can achieve precise treatment planning, optimize the process and efficiency of treatment. 2.6.1 The market size of the country's physiotherapy equipment will continue to increase in the future.
The scale of China’s market for therapeutic devices will continue to grow in the future. According to the CS, China’s market for therapeutic devices was 2.90 billion yuan in 2020; of these, the rate of compound growth in 2015-2019 was about 8.5%, and in 2020 it was affected by the epidemic, among other things, leading to the same disease centre statistics, with an estimated 3.8 million new cancer patients per year, but only 23% of the country’s capacity for therapeutic treatment is available.
There is a marked gap between developed countries and regions. With economic development, per capita spending on health care has increased, while medical straight accelerator and gamma-cleaver treatment are now covered by health insurance reimbursement, and the Censorship Consultation predicts that China’s market model for therapeutic devices is expected to reach 4.67 billion yuan by 2025.
2.6.2 China’s market for high-energy devices is dominated by foreign capital and China’s market for high-energy devices is dominated by foreign capital, with joint cinema medicine ranked fifth in the domestic market for low-capacity devices. According to an inquisitorial consultation, Siemensko’s medical and medical services accounted for most of the market share of the country’s high-energy devices, in 2020.
The share was over 90%. In the field of low-energy devices, the concentration of the industry was higher than 98% in 2020. Three of the top five sales in 2020 were home-grown enterprises, including Xinhua Health, East soft medicine and joint cinema medicine, with a corresponding market share of 36.8%, 13.2% and 11.8%, respectively, in the joint film medical platoons.
Figure 52: China ' s market pattern for HQ devices in 2020 (by number of new stations) Figure 53: China ' s market pattern for LQF devices in 2020 (by number of new stations) In the first five months of 2022, the number of UVI devices was placed in the top three. According to data from the House of Devices and the 5irt Public, January-May 2022, the top three companies ranked among the top three companies in the list were medical doctors, Varian.
There are 15, 11, and 6, respectively. Under the policy-promoting logic of national substitution, local branding accelerates self-innovation, and the market share of domestic therapeutic equipment is rising.
3.1 Product matrices are perfect, industry leads, medical imagery and therapeutic equipment, and joint medical care is better. The company has a rich product line around high-end medical imaging equipment, covering diagnostic products such as mr, ct, xr, pet/ct, pet/mr, conventional rt, ct
RT-guided radiotherapy products and life science instruments such as animal mr, animal pet/ct. The storage projects include dsa, joint cinema medicine, and leading the way in several areas of disaggregating medical imaging equipment in the country. At the level of sales, companies are ranked first in the fields of mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr, and dr. In 2020, according to a critique consultation, company mr products were in the country.
Intra-new market share rankings 1st, 1.5t, and 3.0tmr, respectively; new domestic market share for ct products 1st, 64th, and above, 64th; new domestic market share for pet/ct and pet/mr products, all ranked first.
The domestic market is ranked third, and mobile dr products are ranked first in the domestic market. 3.2 Core technology is advanced, research and development is strong, combined with continuous innovation and many advanced core technologies.
With more than 1,700 inventions authorized patented, the technology is ahead of the country in several areas of disaggregating medical images. The company has produced a number of industry or national “first-time” products, such as the first 4d pet/ct product uexplier, the first 75cm of the industry product amromega, and the first-level diagnostic cc of the industry.
Accelerator urt-linac, etc. The corporate branding has continued to expand, driven by technological developments and product rotations, and joint film medicine has created vertical R & D systems and platformed R & D models. Companies have built vertical innovation systems that cut across technology, products, and software.
The main core components of the company’s product lines are self-researched, and the self-research ratio is among the highest in the industry. At the same time, the company has set up a common software and hardware research and development platform, with a common bottom structure that facilitates innovation in the development of multi-model products, improves R&D efficiency, accelerates product rotation and maintains variations.
The product lines are highly consistent in brand image and experience of use. 3.3 Marketing network stereos, which accelerate the deployment of the overseas joint film medicine to create brands and market strategy centres.
Market strategies and brand management programmes are rich in form. For target client groups, companies engage in product promotion or academic exchange through self-organizing or participating in market events organized by others; in brand promotion and product dissemination, the Department uses programmes such as international, national, cross-regional exhibitions and promotions; and in distribution channels, the company is based on business.
Joint cinema medicine uses a combination of distribution and direct marketing models, marketing networks, and covers both internal and external markets. According to the joint video medical offer, the share of corporate distribution revenue fluctuated from 65% to 68% in 2019-2021.
On the domestic market, the company has built a diversified marketing system from the tri-a hospital to the grass-roots level, which is now dominated by domestic sales. The company's products have been placed in nearly 900 tri-a-hospitals; and, in the context of the graded medical policy, the company is constantly enriching its product matrix and increasing the penetration of the primary health-care market.
Expanding overseas distribution channels; by the end of 2021, corporate distribution networks had covered a number of countries and regions worldwide, including the United States, Japan, Poland, Australia, New Zealand, Korea, South Africa, Morocco and Malaysia, and corporate products had been successfully deployed in a number of countries, including the United States, Japan, New Zealand, Poland, Ukraine and India.
The main players in the market for medical imagery and treatment equipment include international manufacturers such as ge, Siemens, Philips and Koda, as well as local companies such as joint cinema, Murray, Wandong and East soft medicine.
Among the domestic manufacturers, Méri has a wide range of medical services covering life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical images. Van Dong is focused on video-type medical devices, joint cinema, and Eastern soft medicine.
In the field of medical imagery and treatment equipment, the international provider of diagnostic equipment is technologically advanced and has a high degree of recognition in the high-end market; in the domestic brand, the production of joint cinema medicine, and the Méri Medical Corporation, among others, have a similar profile to that of international manufacturers. The joint medical product line covers high-end medical imagery diagnostic products, as well as high-end diagnostic products.
In most areas of disaggregating medical diagnostic equipment, the joint medical care product lines are similar to those of international manufacturers, while in dsa, ultrasound diagnostic equipment, there is still a certain gap with international manufacturers. But it is worth noting that joint cinema medicine leads in some high-end medical imagery products, ge-medics, Siemens, and others.
International manufacturers such as Philips Medical; in the ct field, companies introduce 320 volts; in the pet/ct field, companies own afov > 120cm of products. Joint cinema medicine takes place on a much smaller scale than international manufacturers, but the rate of increase is extraordinary.
In the same period, more than $60 billion was collected for ge-medium, Siemens, Philips, and only one home-grown company, with more than $10 billion in the same industry, and under 10 billion for joint video care. The absolute size of the domestic diagnostic and equipment industry is far less than that of international manufacturers, mainly because of the relatively early and pre-existing advantages of transnational enterprise development.
In 2019-2021, the country’s product medals outperformed international brands as a whole. Of these, the combined harvests of the joint cinema industry were well ahead of other companies, with a high rate of 56.0 per cent in 2019-2021, representing the income of the Mary Medical Clinic’s medical units, which calculated the income from the imagining, varian and advancedthrapy branches, with the fiscal year ending on 30 September; Varian was bought by Siemens in 2021.
The rate of exchange is comparable to that of the company at the end of the fiscal year. The net return profit of joint cinema and East soft medicine is increasing rapidly.
The absolute size of the net profit from the return to the mother is much larger than that of the world’s head producers, and there is much room for growth. At the rate of increase, the net profit from the joint return to the home changed from negative to negative in 2020, so that the compound increase in 2019-2021 was much higher than that of other enterprises; In 2021 alone, the net profit from the return to the mother grew at a similar rate of almost 57%, after Eastern Soft and Philips.
Figure 59: Comparison of net profit from parent return for the priority enterprises of diagnostic equipment (million yuan) Figure 60: Combined increase in net profit from the priority enterprises of diagnostic equipment in 2019-2021
Its collection takes into account Siemens’ medical treatment, which ends on 30 April, using data for fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021, using comparable exchange rates for companies at the end of each fiscal year. The Māori rate for joint medical care is not as high as for Māri, but the overall Māori rate has increased significantly in recent years.
The main products are ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging systems and pacs, and the medical imaging products of Vandong medicine are Dr products, mr products, dsa products, digital gastrointestinal products, and ct products. Therefore, in terms of business similarities, Märi Medical Care, Vandong Medical Care, Mäori Ratios are selected.
In 2019-2021, Māori rates were lower than Māri’s Märi’s Märi’s Mältigrams, but the trend is increasing year by year and exceeds Mäori rates for Mäno’s Mäns practice in 2021.
The levels are similar to those of Van Dong, and are below the levels of the same period of care in Murray, which is consistent with the industry as a whole. $2.18 and $2.83, respectively, are estimated to be 90-fold and 69-fold, respectively. The joint medical department of the high-end medical imaging industry in the country.
The company focuses on research and development innovations, and the main core components of the product line are self-produced, leading the domestic market in the fields of mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr, and dr. In the future, the company is moving towards industrialization, driven by policies such as social aging, stratification, medical infrastructure and interest-bearing loans for medical equipment.
The future development of the therapeutic equipment industry is promising, and the level of national production is expected to increase.
Although the construction of a “healthy China” has risen to a national strategy, the rapid expansion of our large health market, the increased support of the high-end medical video industry and the constant control of the new crown disease have all contributed to the potential demand for medical video equipment, companies still face a more competitive market environment.
Competition advantages and core competitiveness, and market shares and prices of corporate products may decline as a result of increased competition in the market. (2) Research and development lags in progress or results are less than expected
Physical innovation can lead to improvements in equipment performance or clinical accessibility. But, if companies are not sufficiently invested in R & D in the future, or are constrained by uncertainties such as R & D personnel, R & D conditions, and are unable to maintain higher R & D input and R efficiency, the pace of R & D of new technologies or products lags behind competitors, it may result in local products and technologies falling behind competition.
Moreover, a company’s inability to properly judge the development of new technologies, products, and applications may affect the clinical diffusion and response of new products or technologies if the products or technologies developed by the Department do not match clinical needs.
Use, leading to less than anticipated commercialization of new products or technologies, has a significant negative impact on the competitiveness of the company ' s products, market ownership and business development. (3) Core components rely on the risk of outsourcing.
Core components such as ball tubes and high-pressure generators used by companies to produce ct products, X-ray tubes used to produce xr products, high-pressure generators and board detectors, and magnetic tubes used to produce rt products are still largely purchased. As global trade and friction and geopolitical risks have increased in recent years, the supply of the outsourced core parts produced by companies has become unstable, as well as price waves.
(4) Risks of implementing a centralized procurement policy where more provinces, cities and even the national level in the future have introduced and implemented the above-mentioned policies for the collection of large medical equipment, companies may face greater pressure for price reductions, and companies may face regional exposure if they fail to win the mark in the large medical equipment collection chain.
(5) Industry regulatory risks, if future state requirements for registration and application of medical devices are increased, the production and operation of medical devices are more regulated.
It will have a negative impact on the development and registration of new company products, the production and marketing of existing products. (6) Internationalization and the risk of business expansion.
Countries and regions such as Japan, Europe, Africa, and South-East Asia achieve sales. With the expansion of overseas operations, the offshore legal environment involved by companies will become more complex and volatile, with adverse effects on the expansion and operation of their overseas operations if they fail to respond in a timely manner to changes in the overseas market environment and policy environment.
(7) Trade frictions and geopolitical risks have occurred in recent years as a result of the collapse of the international situation, the proliferation of uncertainties and uncertainties, the increasing complexity of the international trading environment, the persistence of trade friction disputes and the possible negative impact of geopolitical factors on the economic trade of certain countries or regions.
Thus, while some of the companies ' exports to the United States are exposed to the risk of tariff escalation leading to a decline in market competitiveness, the adjustment of import and tariff lists may lead to higher costs of company procurement, with some negative impact on the net profits of the companies. (8) The risk of fluctuations in performance associated with the new crown epidemic
The global outbreak of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in 2020, which affected some of the company's images associated with the new coronary pneumoconiosis test, has increased demand for diagnostic products, but this part of the growth in performance due to the new coronary epidemic has been sporadic and is at an unsustainable risk. Moreover, the duration of public health emergencies, such as the new coronary epidemic, cannot be accurately estimated, for example.
The effects of the outbreak have been effectively controlled globally, and the impact on the market demand for the products associated with the above-mentioned image diagnosis has diminished, resulting in a decline in sales and an objective risk of volatility in the company’s performance. At the same time, the outbreak of the new crown epidemic has had a negative impact on the company’s procurement, production, marketing, etc.
The risk of secondary outbreaks has not been completely eliminated, and if a domestic epidemic rebounds or re-emerges, companies may be affected by its effects, leading to a decline in the efficiency of production and marketing activities, or even stagnation, leading to a decline in the company’s business performance. Thus, the emerging trend of new coronary disease may, to some extent, create a risk of fluctuations in the company’s performance.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.