The rise of China's large-scale medical equipment, driven by the expansion and import substitution of the new capital market, has led to an 11% increase in Chinese medical equipment.
By 2020, the global market for medical devices was over $440 billion, and China jumped into the second largest health market after the United States, with a market size of over $102.6 billion. The global market for medical devices is expected to be over $800 billion in 2030, and the Chinese market is expected to reach nearly $23.7 billion, with compound growth.
The rate of 11% is far higher than the global growth rate of 6.3%, with high-end medical equipment driven by high-tech barriers, long R & D cycles, and complex industrial chains, with import firms accounting for up to 90%. Nationally produced medical equipment companies, after years of technological accumulation, have entered a golden age of “market expansion + import substitution” driving both growth and growth.
The triple barrier of "Imaging Diagnosis + Reciprocal Device + Life Sciences" builds the Chinese high-end medical manufacturing pole. 52 weeks of maximum/lowest price product lines cover the magnetic resonance imaging system (mr), the x-ray computer fault scan system (ct), x
In just over a decade, the company has launched more than 80 products to the market. The company has developed a large number of Chinese and global first-time equipment, mr/ct\mi\movable beds in the new domestic market.
Construct a powerful technology research and development platform, with the core supply chain autonomous. Companies build a powerful integrated research and development platform, with cross-product line design platforms made up of images, therapeutics, video clouds, public components, medical softness.
The company continues to invest in research and development at the end of which it has 2,147, or 39%, and spends 14% on research and development, leading the world. The public division constructs a fully innovative vertical chain of innovation from the system level, the component level, to the widget level.
China’s inventive “innovation matrix” is a vast space. Joint film medicine is based on core technological innovation, forward-looking research, innovation, innovation in production and research, innovation in services, innovation in design, and innovation in business models.
The company’s “spill-through-the-line penetration of products with high-end products” represents the world-class standard of “China’s wisdom” in the medical equipment industry. The risk of supply shortages due to trade frictions; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the risk of offshore operations.
The company broke a long-standing monopoly on the import of high-end medical equipment in China, and forged a product line covering large video equipment and therapeutic equipment.
The high-speed development of joint cinema medicine is also a microcosm of the times when high-end medical applications are being developed in the medical domain. The development of joint cinema medicine represents 1.0 hours for medical devices from proxy, surrogate, and imitation.
China’s medical equipment and equipment industry has been operating for 20 years, and many of the world’s leaders and “new and specialized” companies have emerged. But joint medical care cuts across private enterprise’s technological bottlenecks in large equipment, market access, and construction in developed countries.
The global patent-protecting river is expected to be the world-based medical “Washu” that represents China. China became the second largest global market for medical devices in the post-United States in 2020. China’s medical equipment industry has grown faster than the global industry, and high-quality medical equipment companies have higher values and higher speeds.
Global leadership in indicators, high growth in overseas markets, future expansion of industry markets, global substitution of mnc for joint cinema medicine, the largest Chinese company in the production line of medical equipment, has developed the policy dividend of the Condensed Age, high-end productive transformation, and the “time, land, man and man” built up by skilled people.
The size of the market was over $440 billion, and China jumped to become the second largest health market in the world after the United States, with a market size of over $102.6 billion. The global market for medical devices is expected to be over $800 billion in 2030, with China City expected to reach $23.73 billion, with a complex growth rate of 11% well above the global growth rate of 6.3%.
Technical barriers, long R & D cycles, complex industrial chains, markets have long been monopolized by old-fashioned importers, Siemens, and flying Lips, with the “gps” city at a time of up to 90%. China’s medical sector has passed through high-end industrial development in China, as well as continuing efforts by returning technologists in the 1980’s.
The outbreak of the new crown epidemic in 2020 accelerated the construction of new infrastructure, and the configuration and upscaling of basic hospital equipment. The joint video medicine was at the forefront of China’s health-care industry’s development, and it took only 10 years to complete many of China’s high-end medical facilities.
The development and development of pipeline products has made a leap from China’s first to the world’s first, and the expansion of pipelines has been made up of giant platforms of “point-line-face”, single products, product combinations, and multi-piped lines. Unlike the past century’s tradition, firms started with proxy import brands, bringing together experienced technology and managerial talent in mnc through R & D.
Lines are fast-tracked to lead the development route “Breaking whole-line products with high-end products” to open priority commercial markets across borders with high-end products for influential customers in regional markets. In addition to well-developed large-scale video equipment tubes, the company has a code-and-coded therapeutic product, which is the second world-owned image-plus in addition to Siemens medical care.
At the same time, the company’s layout of life science instruments is expected to break through the long-standing monopoly of scientific institutions, such as Brooke’s. The company’s domestic and foreign revenues are growing in both directions, while the deployment of core components allows for autonomous supply chain control and innovation.
But with the increase in new R & D pipelines, the increase in equipment acquisition in China’s basic hospitals, the upgrading and replacement of old equipment, the company will benefit from the pre-existing advantages of the top-growing Asian map and the highest-growing Chinese market in Asia. We believe that there is much more room for the development of joint video medicine than we see right now, and that the company will lead the Chinese medical equipment industry into China.
A new and fast-growing golden age. On the road to a more cutting-edge treatment, scarcer core parts, and a wider commercial market, we are about to witness the birth of the next medical “Hong Kong” that will climb the world’s peak, and hope that the world will see the wind and the sky rise.
China’s rapid growth in the medical equipment industry is taking place in the golden age, with 11% higher than the global growth rate, accompanied by growing global spending on aging and slow-disease medical care, and a larger market for medical equipment.
The scale of the epidemic is accelerating. By 2020, the global market for medical devices was over $440 billion, and the global market for medical devices is projected to be over $800 billion in 2030, with a composite growth rate of 6.3 per cent.
In United States dollars, the size of the video diagnostic market is projected to be $51 billion, and the global compound annual growth rate for video equipment is 3.7 per cent between 2017 and 2024, with a combined market of $50.17 billion in the world ' s top 15 cut-off areas, representing more than 84.39 per cent of the world ' s medical equipment market, the top three of which are in the top three.
In vitro diagnosis, cardiovascular diagnosis, video diagnosis, which corresponds to $796 million, 726, 51 billion, or 13.4 per cent, 12.2 per cent and 8.6 per cent respectively, medical devices can be divided into medical imaging equipment, surgical-related equipment, body according to their function and role.
Medical imaging equipment means the technical means by which a person can interpret his or her structure, his or her pathological information through the application of a variety of physical signals, including visible light, x-rays, ultrasounds, a powerful magnetic field, and the distribution of the signal, which records the feedback from the human body, to form the image and to enable the doctor to interpret the information about his or her structure, his or her pathologies, etc. for the purposes of diagnosis or therapeutic guidance.
Depending on the purpose, medical imaging equipment can be divided into diagnostic image equipment and therapeutic image equipment, diagnostic image setting, which can be divided broadly into magnetic resonance imaging (mr) equipment depending on the signal, x-ray computer fault scan imaging (ct) equipment, x-ray imaging (xr) equipment, molecular image (mi) equipment, ultrasound (us) equipment.
In 2017, in the global medical equipment industry, vd, cardiovascular and video diagnostics were the top three high percentage breakdowns.
13 per cent, 11.6 per cent and 9.8 per cent respectively, according to the valluatemedtech projections, 2019-2028 is still projected to be the top 10 per cent of the world ' s population. Figure 3: Global collection of the top 10 medical instruments, 2019-2028 (billions of United States dollars)
In addition to this, the number of traditional submissions - pma and 510 (k)s, including resubmissions, additional approvals and pre-submissions - has increased to 18,000.
The fda equipment and radiation health centers have released more than 1900 new coronary pneumoconiosis medical devices that have been authorized to use emergency equipment, receiving an average of 100 requests per month. China’s medical equipment market rose from the fourth largest market in the world to the second largest market in the world from 2011 to 2020.
According to bcg data, China’s market for medical devices in 2020 is expected to be 729.8 billion yuan, and in 2030 it is expected to reach 16,88.8 billion yuan, increasing its global share from 21% to 30%, with 11% of cagr well above the global growth rate. New infrastructure is driving China’s medical equipment industry.
The National Health Board and the National Medical and Medical Administration have published several editions of the new coronary virus pneumonia programme, which includes pneumocology as the diagnostic standard for suspected cases of new coronary pneumonia, and the need for video equipment, especially ct, dr products, has increased significantly.
The National Health and Health Commission and the National Institute of Chinese and Chinese Medicine issued a circular on the issuance of a public health prevention and treatment capacity-building programme to expedite the filling of the county health board and the updating and replacement of medical equipment, and to include ct, mobile dr, in the list of reference stocks of emergency supplies for major epidemic response bases; issued by the Office of the State Council in 2021
The State Council, WMS and the China Medical Equipment Association have issued a number of sectoral policies to promote the development of medical equipment in the country’s production sector.
National production substitution has been phased in, and import substitution will be the main theme for the next decade. With the increasing level of autonomous R & D and innovation from manufacturers of national culpable, mr, mi, rt, ultrasound equipment, the State encourages domestic production equipment import substitution in a context of market expansion, import substitution,
From 2015 to 2020, ct, rt, mobile dr, and further upgrades were made, according to the knowledge consultation data. Importers’ “gps” of high-end equipment built in ge, Philip, Siemens will gradually break the monopoly of nearly 90% of the high-end equipment market.
In 2020, Mr, ct, pet/ct, pet/mr and dr were ranked first in the industry, with mr products ranked first in the domestic market, 1.5t and 3.0tr, respectively.
Fourth; ct products ranked first in the new domestic market, 64 below, and fourth in the first, 64 below, and above; pet/ct and pet/mr products ranked first in the new domestic market; and dr and mobile dr products ranked second and first, respectively, in the new domestic market.
Joint video medicine: China’s leading medical equipment is going to the world’s largest medical facility, and it's been sharpened for 10 years to form a national plant for video equipment.
It is committed to providing high-performance medical imaging equipment, radiotherapy products, life science instruments and therapeutic digitalization, intelligent solutions, product line-covering mr products, ct products, xr products, mi products and rt products, and life science instruments to clients around the world.
More than 80 products. Companies have autonomously developed the first 3.0tmr out of the national product; the first 9.4t animal mr product; the first 75cm large aperture 3.0t superconductor magnetism; the first 4d pet/ct product with a full-body dynamic scan function; the first diagnostic level-led integrated discharge accelerator, etc.
The company has the most complete medical image equipment product lines: magnetic resonance imaging system (mr), x-ray computer fault scan system (ct), x-ray imaging system (xr), fractional sub-image system (mi) and medical straight-line accelerator system (rt): animal mr, animal pet/ct; and
The cloud-based medical Internet software combines cloud platforms, cloud films, cloudpacs, and digital medical solutions. According to the new calibre in 2020, mr products, ct products, pet/ct and pet/mr products are ranked first in the new domestic market.
The company covers 900 hospitals in China, and the top 10 medical establishments in China, ranking among the top 50 medical institutions, have 49 users. The company and the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the China People’s Liberation Army General Hospital, and the Nakayama Hospital, affiliated to the University of Gangan, build production science.
The global installation has covered nearly 4,000 medical and scientific institutions in 22 countries and regions. The company has 34 products certified by the European Union, 23 products certified by the United States of America and sold to more than 60 countries and regions worldwide.
uexporer and upmr 790pet/mr orders. In February 2021, the company entered into a partnership with vizient on the ct package and in 2022 received a contract for the portfolio of its entire dr (x-ray) and mr (magnetic resonance) systems.
The company went to the largest private hospital in Japan in 2017, and the digital optic pet/ct was placed at the top oncology treatment centre in Japan in 2019. The smart digit pet/ct was installed in Egyptian hospitals and research and development institutions in 2019. The company and the United Arab Emirates were the largest in 2020.
The private hospital group americahospitaldubai and its parent company, Mohammed &obaidalmulla group, signed a comprehensive strategic agreement.
As of July 29, 2022, the company had 24 holding companies. There were 10 subsidiaries in the country, with lost management background in research and development, with international leading business management experience.
The first 1.5-t superconducted magnetic resonance system in China ended the history of China’s high-field magnetic resonance system, which was entirely import-dependent. In 2002, Maidit and Siemensi medical jointly formed the Siemens Medit Magnetic Resonance Company Ltd., with Siemens holding 75% of the shares. In 2009, Medit was acquired by Siemens.
M.A. in Biomedical Engineering, Shanghai Traffic University, and Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering, Kassy Reserve University, USA. Zhang Jian has worked at the Shanghai Office, the siemensmedicalsoltionusa, Inc., and Siemensko, United States Medical Systems.
Zhang Qiang is a senior scientist in Siemens Medical (United States of America), Vice-President of Siemens-Medit Magnetic Resonance Co. Ltd. of China, Director General of Siemens Medical Developments in the Southeast District of the United States, and Managing Director of Siemens Medical (China) Magnetic Resonance Industries. After joining the League, Zhang Qiang led the team to complete a number of national and international projects.
In Shanghai, the project entitled “Research and development of core components and major products for large-scale medical equipment”, the project entitled “Development and industrialization of high-end medical imaging equipment, radiotherapy equipment and core components” of the National Development and Revision Commission, and the major project entitled “Human brain research” in Shanghai, Zhangjiang, 2018
Like the Devices Development and Demonstration Application Platform project. With Siemens Medicine's many years of experience in research and development, Mr. Zhang led a team to build the Superconducted Magnetic Resonance Research and Development and Industrialization Platform, industrializing the country's first 3.0t superconductor, magnetic resonance system, etc., and to develop the MRI front-line technology on the platform, which will be in the middle.
The National Brain Mapping Team provides a high-resolution, high-precision brain function mapping and imaging platform.
The Ministry's Director General of Research and Development, Vice-President, President, and President of the National Priority Research and Development Programme for New Low Dose Digital Diagnosis, Dsa x-ray imaging systems and clinical application techniques and new low-dose detection systems for breast digital x-ray imaging.
Dbt and evaluation studies for clinical applications, with the participation of the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Science and Technology Support Programme, the Science and Technology and Innovation Action Plan of the Shanghai City Commission, the Shanghai City Economic and Communications Council, the Industrial Power Base, etc.
In addition, Mr. Military has been appointed as the “National Technical Commission for the Standardization of Medical Electrical Appliances Technical Committee for Medical X-ray Equipment and Appliance”.
Major industry standards and the development and revision of national standards. Equity is concentrated on real-estaters, with a workforce holding platform of five.
The percentage of shares held by Xue is consistently higher than the share held by one of his shareholders during the issue period, while the share held by other shareholders is more fragmented and more stable in management. The core technical staff, among others, holds shares through Shanghai Shadow Dong, Ningbo Shadow Gather, Ningbo Shadow Force, Ningbo Shadow Man, and Ning Po Shadow Congrès.
The stock platform held 8.56 per cent of the shares.
The joint film medical branch, a private non-business unit organized by the joint film medical unit, has evolved through several milestones in China.
The world’s first medical X-ray machine was born in 1896, and China’s first X-ray machine was born in 1952. China’s medical equipment was developed late compared to the world’s most developed countries, but China’s high-end medical equipment industry has developed leapfrogging in the last decade.
As of July 2022, the company had developed more than 80 products covering mr, ct, pet\ct, pet\mr, rt, and life science instruments. The company was a major advance in the development of Chinese medical equipment.
Over 40 national and provincial R & D projects have been led, 20 of which are full-line products such as the national science and technology portfolio, mr, ct, mi, rt, and cloud-based medical Internet software. Companies have been patented for more than 1,700 inventions, domestic inventions have been patented for more than 1,200 projects, and foreign inventions have been patented.
In 2016, the company won the China Patent Award, the State Science and Technology Progress Award, first prize, and the Shanghai City Science and Technology Progress Award, first prize. Only 10 years after its establishment, the company achieved the highest market share of mr, ct, mi, dr products. The products were placed in more than 900 tri-a hospitals throughout the country, ranking among the top 10 hospitals.
Full coverage, top 50 hospitals covering 49 hospitals with more than 8,000 installed and an annual compound increase of 25.58%. Through deep-farming research and development, companies sell high-end medical equipment to more than 40 countries, Chinese medical equipment has moved rapidly from early imitation to mature commercialization, breaking the import gps monopoly, and in 2021 the rate of growth in offshore operations exceeded the rate of growth.
113.18 In 10 years, joint cinema medicine has grown into the only Chinese company that has at the same time mastered the core technology of high-end video equipment and radiation treatment equipment, providing medical imaging equipment, radiotherapy products, vital science instruments and medical digitization, and intelligent solutions that have successfully entered the global market for maturity and commercialization.
In the field of medical equipment, the company has gradually moved from the initial development of the first “China first” to the “World first” leading “World first”.
Companies are committed to filling technical barriers, importing highly monopolized medical equipment, especially mr, mi, rt, and high-end ct products. In focusing on domestic and global technology for first-time products, companies are also taking into account the technological diversity of other pipeline products and are developing at a very rapid pace into fully fledged, platform-based medical equipment companies.
Two years after its creation in 2011, the company developed Chinese paragraph 1 96 ringed super-clear high-speed optical pet/ct products in 2013 to fill a gap in the national production market, followed by a product every three years, and a global item with a 4d body-wide dynamic scanning feature/ct product in 2019, which received for the first time a dynamic drug fraction in the human body.
Images. The company, which was founded only five years ago, developed the Chinese first three-tmr product and succeeded in breaking the monopoly of the market for the “gps” high-end equipment that had long been built for medical treatment in ge, Siemens and Philips, and in completing the technological leap from 1.5t to 3t superconducting magnets for the production of nuclear magnetic products in the country for almost 20 years.
In 2018, just two years after China’s first digital tofpet/ct was on the market, the company completed the listing of China’s first integrated pet/mrupmr 790 products. In 2020, the company was established for 10 years, completing the listing of China’s first paragraph 320 high-end ct products, thus breaking the long-standing gap in the high-end ct market for national producers.
In the same year, the company completed the global first 75cm super-aperture 3.0tmr product, which became a contract with the American health-care giant Vizient.
The company develops a vertical innovation system that cuts across core technology, key components, and the whole machine to achieve self-control. Table 9: Core technological advantages
The lyso scintillation crystals have their own line of production, the pet detector chip, and the pet detector is fully autonomous.
It's all-owned. It's all-owned. It's all-owned.
Full autonomous R & D of the mur spectrometer gradient radio frequency pet-ct/pet-mr whole machine
The company has a leading international research and development team with a background for production studies. The company has regional headquarters and research and development centres in the United States, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates, Poland, etc. In 2018, the domestic company established a research and development, production, and operation of a single headquarters base in Wuhan, covering a total area of over 200,000 square metres.
Five companies, with a total of nearly 1,600 employees, with more than 60% of the research and development staff. On this basis, the company started phase two construction and plans to build the SWID headquarters base. The core parts and keys of a range of high-end medical equipment, such as pulmonary tubes, magnetic resonance gradient power amplifiers (gpa), magnetic resonance frequency amplifiers (rfpa), etc.
The technology has broken through and produced in the Wuhan base, with a series of innovations, such as surgical robotics, medical-grade wearable equipment, being developed, and the future Wuhan base will create a large, self-controlled health-care ecosystem that runs through the process of “preventing one diagnosis and treatment and healing”.
At the end of 2021, a project on the development of a three-dimensional imaging and navigational robotic whole system was launched in collaboration with the University of Science and Technology of China and the University of Science and Technology of China. In 2022, Wuhan League of Shadows, Life Science Instruments Ltd., as the lead agency, joined seven biomedicines, including the Chinese Academy of Sciences' Precision Surveys.
In the field of imaging, a consortium of technological innovations in the biomedical imaging industry in Hubei Province was set up to combine production, learning, research, and use of “upstream and downstream” advantage forces to carry out core key technology battles.
In terms of products, the company had received 37 fda registrations and 39 c-certifications by the end of 2021, including the industry headlines with 4d dynamic scans, industry headlines 75 cm, and high-end products such as 3.0tmr.
The strategy is to open up priority markets with high-end equipment, and access influential customers in regional markets with high-end products. Actively promote the marketing of economic products in developing countries and regions, resulting in the creation of Malaysia in Asia, with high-end 96 ring-pet-ct entering the Japanese market, and in Australia.
In 2018, Poland established a subsidiary to open the European market, and in 2022, Poland achieved rapid growth. In 2019, the company entered into a partnership with the United States of America in Bamfhealth, with a global premier scan of the pet-ctuexplier sign: set up a Japanese joint film in Asia, Emirates subsidiary, digital light.
In 2021, the company entered into a contract with Vizient, the largest commercial-driven health-care champion in the United States, and signed an order in 2022 for the products of the dr and mr series. In 2022, the company entered into a partnership with Dalian khcc, which was accompanied by rapid growth in the Indian market.
In 2016, the company’s core supply chain for molecular imaging equipment was 75% of the controlled molecular image product.
The core supplier of the lyso crystals is new in Shanghai, building core industry competitiveness. The chip is an important part of the medical video equipment, and the medical chip is a technical fortress for the high-end medical equipment industry.
In 2019, the joint film group led the establishment in China of Shanghai Microelectronics, a high-end medical chip business, which is based on the special chip of the pet detector required for mi-type equipment. Performance grew steadily, with excellent profitability.
In 2021, the company collected $7,254 million, and in 2020, it achieved a reversal of the deficit. In the last three years, the average annual growth rate has dramatically increased the volume of video equipment, especially ct, dr, which is mainly the result of the company ' s continued roll-out of new products. By 29 July 2022, only 11 years of its existence, more than 80 products had been completed.
Companies are actively expanding their operations abroad, leading to the marketing of high-end imagery, diagnostic and radiotherapy equipment, and mature markets. Products are now marketed not only in Africa and South-East Asia, but also in the United States, Japan, and Europe.
Asia accounted for 45% of corporate overseas revenues in 2021, North America for 31.6%, and Europe for the importance it attaches to overseas markets, with the largest member-driven healthcare consulting management company in the United States, vizients, dr, mr.
The change in the Māori rate is mainly due to product rotation and increased sales of the main business, with the introduction of high-end mi products leading to 3.0tmr sales over the same period. As the company expands, it optimizes the supply chain, using unprotected technologies to reduce liquid helium depletion and magnetic resonance loops in 2021.
The change from out-sourcing to home-grown product results in an average cost decrease of 6.55%. The Māori rate for ct products 19-21 was 46.54%, 51.00% and 49.56% respectively, mainly due to the change in core component detectors from out-sourcing to home-grown cost reductions and 48.14% due to the use of self-research high-pressure generators in major sector-type products, which resulted in lower costs and sales regulations.
The company’s marketing, management, and R & D costs were better controlled since 2020. By product, the M & A ratio of company-owned products is similar, with the highest M & R rate being the mr product, which has been stable in recent years.
More than 60%. The Māori rate for ct products has stabilized at over 45% in recent years, and the rt and mi product line yields have increased significantly in the medical equipment industry. As a leader in national production images and therapeutic devices, there are fewer public authorities, and Murray and Van Dong have some product lines to match.
Products involve ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging systems, and pacs, and the Vandong Medical Images product involves dr products, mr products, dsa products, digital gastrointestinal products, and ct products. Companies differ significantly from comparable company-owned structures, and there are differences from comparable company-owned Māori ratios.
To be close, the Māori rate is lower than the Märry Medical rate because of the breakdown of products, the overall Mäori rate is in line with industry water, and the Mäori rate increases are brighter among comparable companies. The company is a platform company with a wide variety of products, including business plates such as medical images, radiotherapy, maintenance and software, and there is no structure similar to the company listed in industry, because
In terms of profitability, the company’s roe is higher than the industry’s average, and the return on assets and investment capital is higher than the comparable company’s.
The cost is lower than the cost of the company’s sales, management costs, financial costs, period fees.
Increased solvency, relatively low speed and liquidity ratios and higher asset-liability ratios. Mainly, companies are at a high pace of development, bank borrowing increases, but more bank borrowings and asset liabilities were repaid in 2021
Operating cash flows are high. Companies run up to $3.31 billion in operating cash flows, with net profit cash content higher than comparable public profitability.
Compared to global flagship equipment and equipment companies, comparable companies are not exactly comparable, and the company’s current collection abroad will be on a larger scale than the world’s leading firms. But company data can be found from roe, roa, roic, Māori sales, and net interest rates on sales.
More than comparable listed companies are the back-to-back show with the ability to go out to sea, with strong and competitive balls. The “gps trio” medical, Philip, Siemenso medical business model, similar to that of the company, covers all-line equipment for high-end medical images, and the company’s main manufacturers of radiotherapy products are Varian and Medical Doctors.
Revenues and net profits are from gehealthcare; Philips income and net profits are from philipsdiagnosis&treatment. The Western Men’s Medical Year ends on 30 September; the Medical Year ends on 30 April, with fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021.
Image Diagnosis + Lending Equipment + Life Sciences is a three-fold high company that is the world's leading manufacturer of medical imaging equipment and devices. The company's products cover ct, mr, mi, xr, rt, and so on. The total cost of video equipment in 2021 was $6,624 million, of which ct, mr, mi, xr, rt tolls.
For the last three years, ct and mr have been the main sources of revenue, especially since the outbreak of the new crown in 2020, and demand has increased more rapidly. The main business is the leading industry. By the number of new sales outlets, the company is the largest producer of ct and mr in China, 1.5t.
Mäori Mäori Mäori for joint cinema medicine, compared to medical care, is at a high rate of growth in recent years from comparable listed companies in the country.
While there is still a gap between the machine-head, the main business of the two companies is much more diverse, and the company is younger than the company. The company has a high Māori rate and a high rate of growth in the big high-end equipment companies in the same industry.
“Import substitution + global seaboarding” will be the direction of corporate development, and the global lead image equipment company will need more equipment and products from the new crown of the epidemic.
Magnetic resonance imaging is a device that uses atomic nuclei (mainly hydrogen protons) in water molecules in humans to recreate tissue or organ imaging in a powerful magnetic field.
Clinical applications, dominated by multinational companies such as Siemens, Ge, Philips, Toshiba.
China started later in the field of mr, with 10 years of autonomous research and development of key core components, such as magnets, spectrometers, radio-frequency rings, radio-frequency amplifiers, gradient circles, and gradient amplifiers, with autonomous intellectual property rights over core components.
At present, global market superconductor mr is the dominant product, with 1.5tr currently holding the largest holdings, with the replacement of 1.5tr with 3.0tmr. From the inception of the first mr system in the early 1980s until the end of 2020, there were more than 50,000 mr installed worldwide. The global mr market reached $9.3 billion in 2020.
By 2030, it is expected to reach $14.5 billion, or 4.5%. In terms of per capita holdings, Japan and the United States had about 55.2 and 40.4 per million mr, respectively, and China had about 9.7 per million mr. The difference in per capita holdings accelerated the development of the Chinese mr industry, and China became China.
In 2020, the market size of China ' s mr was 8.92 billion yuan, and is expected to grow to 24.42 billion yuan in 2030, or 10.6 per cent, and in 2020, 1.5t and below, the main growth point of China ' s mr market, which will grow to 40.2 per cent in 2030.
In 2020, China ' s market share of 1.5t and below was about 74.9 per cent at the mid- and low-end mr, 3.0t high end mr, 25.0 per cent. It is expected that the future 3.0tmr will be the main growth point in China ' s mr market and that it will grow to figure 28: 2020 Chinese mr market structure (%) in 2030.
Figure 29: 2030 Chinese mr market structure (%) The company is the largest manufacturer of a home-grown MRI system, and has autonomously developed 3.0tmr, the home-grown first product, covering 1.5t, 3.ot ' s widest economic product lines. The company has independent design, R & D and manufacture of high-field superconductor magnets,
High performance gradient circles, high-density radio frequency loops, multi-channel distributed spectrometers, and mr imaging software and advanced applications. At the same time, companies increase the autonomous production of core components through scale production and year by year, making pricing and cost less than importing the same product.
In the Chinese market of 3.0t and above, the main market participants were ge-medical, Siemens-medical, Philip-medical, Jia-Eng and co-ca-medical, and the company was the only national producer.
The market share is the fourth highest in China; the market share is the first in China's 1.5tmr equipment market; and the market share of China's superconductor mr equipment market is the first in China.
Figure 32: Market share of Chinese mr sales in 2021 (%)
Table 20: Autonomous R & D technology (partly) of the joint film mr has declined as a percentage of the company ' s product lines have expanded, mi products and high-end 320 rows have been commercialized. At the same time, the demand for ct, dr products from the new crown epidemic increased in 2020, and the company ' s winning rate increased.
But in recent years, the company's mr harvests have been increasing by more than 20 per cent. Figure 33: Associated medical mr product line pick-up and increase, 2018-2021. Figure 34: Associated medical mr collection as a percentage of the total, 2018-2021
The company’s mr product line rose year by year from 2018 to 2021, mainly as a product overlap. The company launched its first 3.0tmr, with an increase in unit prices and sales. The company’s early introduction of 1.5tumr560, a company-owned product, established a good market profile in public and private hospitals and peaked in 2018.
Each year, a differentiated low-field product, umr 586, has been introduced, with companies maintaining product rotations in economic products. 3.0tmr Products has been the first national producer to be launched, while companies have developed high-end product layouts for scientific, clinical users to enhance branding effects.
The company is the largest manufacturer of nationally produced magnetic resonance imaging systems and is autonomous in developing and producing 3.0 tmr from abroad, and a new generation of products is entering the product registration phase. The company is autonomous in the production of nuclear magnetic products. The company is already autonomous in the production of mr core components and has mastered core software algorithms.
In the past, the self-researched high-end ct x-ray computer fault imaging system (ct) sends X-rays through the ballpipe, X-rays through the tissue of the human body, and is received and converted to digital signals by the detectors, forming a segment of the inspected area as a result of the computer conversion process.
Xr checks can be used for screening, diagnosis, surgical and interventional imaging.
In 1975, the first whole body of the world was born, in 1990 the first of the world's first spirals, in 1997 the first body of China was developed by Eastern Soft Medical Services, in 2001 and 2003 respectively, and in 2008 China's first 16th row was developed autonomously; in 2010 China became the mainstream.
Since its establishment in 2011, the company has launched 16 lines to 320 class of cert products, including the first 80 list of cact 780, and the first 320 line of superhigh ctc 960. The company 320 rows of ctc 960, which carries autonomous research and development space detectors, make it possible to rotate 0.25s/circle racks.
Speed, with a 82cm aperture and a weight of up to 300 kg, can achieve a single heart rate for a single heart-motion cycle, a dirty image, a single organ injection and a rapid wide-range angioplasty, with low-dose imaging and voltage voltage switching, and better spectrometry in cardiovascular diseases, tumours, emergency care and paediatrics.
Clinical diagnostics and scientific values. ct refers mainly to detector technology, piping and high-voltage generator technology, and the re-establishment of algorithmic technology.
Figure 38: Joint film medicalct products Global ct market size of approximately $13.53 billion in 2020, expected to reach approximately $21.54 billion in 2030, or 4.8 per cent of the cagr; similar to the mr market, Asia and the Pacific is a high-growth global market with projected market size in 2030
In 2019, China ' s ct market reached about RMB 11,76 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.3 per cent. In terms of per capita holdings, the United States held about one third of the million ct held in 2019, and China had only 18.2 units per million, with larger market space.
Figure 39: The size of the global ct market (US$ billion) has a national production rate of less than 10% above. With new infrastructure, high-end ct and economics will be the main ct devices, which can be divided into (1) entry levels (under 16) and (2) base levels (under 16-64) (3).
In 2020, China ' s market accounted for about 65 per cent of the economy ' s share of 64 rankings and above, with companies expected to master core ct technology, detector technology, ball pipe technology, high-pressure generator technology, low-dose scanning techniques in the future 64 rows and above.
Technology, automated reprocessing, and spectrometry are all autonomous R & D, leading to a self-controllable industrial chain. The company's ct product line grew at a high base in 2020 because of the new crown epidemic, with a slight decline in the 2021 growth rate, but the percentage of total revenue collected has increased over the years.
The company’s “economic and high-end” combination of boxing power, with the company’s core utcact 780 Beidou as the country’s first 80-strength line.
The company's star product ut 960 + 640 Sky River is an ultra-high 320 row of national production, capable of creating single-heart cyclical images of high heart rates, ill-motivated patients, multi-hardware participation in detectors, velocity, ball tubes, heart imaging functions, etc.
National producer, pet-mr/ct, autonomously developed molecular image system (mi) refers to the qualitative and quantitative study of biological behavior in the image by mirroring changes in molecular levels in the living body state through specific molecules that show tissue levels, cells and subcellular levels.
m used mainly to detect abnormal levels of cells and molecules in the course of disease, to explore the occurrence, development and fate of cancers, Parkinson syndromes, and to evaluate the effects of drugs and treatments.
Pet can reflect the metabolism of human cells to positive electron tracers, observe early functional changes in cells or tissues from molecular levels, with high sensitivity, speciality, and good quantitative characteristics, suitable for early detection Cooks, ct/mr can provide high-precision body anatomy structure information for clinical diagnosis, pet/ct and pet/mr
Early care can be done for the pathologies of the disease.
It is now autonomous to develop and produce detectors and acquire image reconstruction and image-processing techniques. High spatial resolution improves the quality of diagnostic images, helps to detect early pathogens, determine disease phases, develop treatment programmes and track treatment effects; high sensitivity and high axle viewing increase the speed of scans; and full-body motion scans are personalized.
The company’s products have achieved high spatial resolution, high sensitivity and axle direction, visions, whole body dynamics scans, high-level reprocessing applications such as multimodel image integration, dynamic analysis, oncology tracking, brain analysis, heart analysis, etc., and provide precision for clinical diagnosis of tumours, nerves, heart-related diseases.
The company issued the first 96 ringed ultra-clear high-speed light feed/ctumi 510 in 2013 and the first tofpet/ctumi 780 in 2016 was developed digitally. In 2018, the company released the first national product, the integrated pet/mr product,upmr 790, and for the first time in the industry, was set up to collect and image the pet, mr synchronized data. In 2019, the company published the first industrial item.
4d body dynamic scan product uexporer, first captured drug dynamic distribution images in humans; same year, companies released a national first clinical pre-clinical product, ubioexporer. At the global level, the market size of pet/ct grew from $2.40 billion to $3.10 billion from 2015 to 2020.
China has only 0.61 pet/ct holdings per million people, while the United States has about 5.73 pet/ct holdings per million people over the same period, and there is considerable scope for development.
Figure 51: The size and speed of the Chinese pet/ct market (Billions of yuan) 2015-2030e The market for high-end medical equipment such as Mi affected by the new crown epidemic 2020, but the Asia-Pacific region as a whole, and China, will remain high-growth worldwide over the next decade. China’s pet/ct market is expected to reach 5.34 billion yuan in 2030.
Pet/mr is a low penetration market, with 200 global aircraft installed in 2020, 40 in China, and $250 million in 2020. The global market is expected to reach $1.23 billion in 2030. According to the twelfth edition of China Medical Equipment magazine, the joint film market is ranked fourth, with national production.
The drop in the Māori rate of 2021 is mainly due to higher prices of uexporer sales that are less rapidly than economic products.
The x-ray imaging system (xr) sends X-rays through the ball tube, X-rays through the tissue of the human body and is detected by detectors, receives and produces images of the human body, with different imaging patterns depending on clinical applications, including two-dimensional static imaging, two-dimensional dynamic imaging, three-dimensional fault imaging, etc. Xr examinations can be used for screening, diagnosis, and surgery.
Unlike clinical applications, xr products can be divided into digitized medical X-ray imaging system (dr), digital milk X-ray imaging system (mammo), mobile c-armed X-ray imaging system (mobile c-arm),
Angioplasty x-ray imaging system (dsa). Drr is widely used for routine medical examinations and clinical diagnosis, and is the most widely used radio-image equipment in clinical applications; mammo is used mainly for screening and diagnosis of various breast diseases; mobile c-arm is used to provide visual guidance for surgical operations and dsa is used for heart, nerve, tumor, etc.
The company launched its first xr product in 2016, followed by the country ' s first breast tridimensional scan system u mammo 890i, low-dose digital tablet moving c-armumc56i, and tens of millions of pixels, using single crystalline silicon technology.
The global market for xr equipment was estimated to be $12.8 billion in 2020, and the Asia-Pacific region will hold on due to its large population.
Keeping the world’s largest market Xr. Future markets are expected to reach $20.27 billion in 2030, thanks to the movement of equipment, the acceleration of global ageing, and changes in the incidence of osteoporosis and cancer.
Figure 58: Size of the global xr market in 2015-2030e (US$ billion) The Chinese market has sunk its products at the grass-roots level as a result of the policy of graded consultations; the new crown epidemic has led to increased awareness of the configuration, which will reach $20.60 billion a year, or 5.2 per cent, owing to clinical precision of the xr equipment.
The demand for convenience and efficiency is increasing, and China’s xr equipment is expected to move in the future in the direction of intelligence, mobility, and dynamic multifunctionality.
The company's active layout follows mr, ct, xr, mi, rt. The ultrasound diagnosis is based on differences in the physical properties of ultrasound and the acoustic properties of the tissues of human organs, showing the physiological state of the disease in the form of waves, curves, images, etc., and helping medical equipment to diagnose the disease.
The main logic for future ultrasound market growth will be “upgrading old equipment products” and “new machines in the blue sea market.” In 2020, China’s market for ultrasound equipment was 9.92 billion.
RMB, which is expected to grow to 216.2 billion yuan in 2030, is comparable to China's Siemens radiation treatment system (rt) using radioisotopes for alpha, beta, gamma and various x-ray treatments.
The treatment of tumours, such as X-rays, electrons, protons and other particle beams from treatment machines or accelerators, is currently an important method of treatment for tumours. The most prevalent medical treatment equipment at home and abroad is a straight-line accelerator and a cobalt-based gamma knife, as well as a small quantity of protons and heavy ion equipment in which a medical straight-line accelerator can be widely applied to multiple parts of the body.
The core components of the rt product include accelerators, foliage rasters, power sources, modems, precision control modules, and aerial imaging equipment.
System software (tps), Oncology Information Management System (ois), Radiotherapy Simulator (simulator) completes the discharge process: first, the pathogen is located and sketched by a radiotherapy simulator, according to which the clinical doctor designs the treatment programme; then, the treatment plan software generates the treatment plan based on the treatment programme; and finally,
The treatment plan is implemented by the medical straight-line accelerator system; the treatment plan and patient information described above are recorded and managed by the Oncology Information Management System.
The company has developed a first-line integrated c. Direct Line Accelerator urt-linac506c.
Figure 62: The image of the rt product
Quality-directed image therapy, integrated cc-linac, one-stop therapy.
Intelligent process plus diagnostic level ct integrated, reducing the first full process from 23 days to 23 minutes, is now applied to rectum cancer, breast cancer, and will be expanded in the future.
Life science instruments, competition for Chinese “Brook” life science instruments include pre-clinical imaging equipment, optical observation equipment, electron microscopes, chemical analysis instruments.
Pre-clinical video equipment supports basic research in life sciences, mainly through visual observation of animal models. The global life science market is well established, with leading markets from global leaders such as Brooke, Danah, Samir, Becton, Dickinson, etc.
The total size of the market in 2019 was approximately $65.9 billion, expected to reach $111.4 billion in 2030, the total size of the market for life science solutions in 2019 was approximately $65.9 billion, and the global life science solution in 2030 was expected to reach approximately $111.4 billion, with a compound growth rate of about 4.9 per cent.
Building on the solid research and development base of the early mr, joint cinema medicine has now been introduced into the pre-clinic ultra-high field magnetic resonance (MRI) of the country's first clinical system, such as the system umr 9.4t and the pre-clinic pre-clinic pet/cm imaging system of the country's first major animal, ubioexplorer, which contributes to the development of life science research and transformation medicine, and to the development of pre-clinical, integrated, clinical solutions.
The company's research on product photon numeric microct, magnetic resonance-compatible plug-pet, ultra-high performance pre-clinic pet, super-high performance preclinic pre-spect.
Brook was founded in 1960 by Professor Laukien. The high-performance scientific instruments and high-value analytical and diagnostic solutions made by Brooke made it possible for scientists to explore life and materials at molecular, cell and micro levels.
The company continues to innovate as a provider of high-performance systems for cell biology, pre-clinical imaging, clinical imaging and proteomics research, clinical microbiology and molecular pathology research. In 2021, the company received $2.4 billion, and roic over 20% in the last five years.
The company's products involve magnetic resonance, cbrne detectors, diffractometers and scattering systems, elemental analysers, molecular vibrations, motion spectroscopy, mass spectrum and chromatography, microscopes, preclinical imaging, surface plasma resonancers, etc. Brooke is the market leader of the magnetic resonance spectrum instrument, including nmr, and time-area MRI.
(td-nmr), electromagnetic resonance (epr) and pre-clinical MRI imaging (mri). The company is also a leading manufacturer of superconductor magnets and ultra-high field magnets for nmr and mri solutions. Magnetic resonance spectrology (mrs) includes a variety of related technologies, such as NMR (nmr) and ESR (epr).
Non-intrusive and non-destructive, either by studying living cells and tissues, or by analysing solutions and body fluids in detail. A combination of multiple magnetic resonance analyses can provide functional information and anatomy information to determine the relationship between the two. A magnetic resonance spectrum analysis of urine and blood samples in a state of health and disease can be performed.
To identify biomarkers to assess the risk of a range of diseases, and to predict the treatment of specific chemotherapy drugs Deep farming technology development, industry chain autonomous control Deep farming research and development, raw materials and upstream components
The core parts of mr products are magnets, radio frequencies, gradients and spectrometers, core parts detector for ct products, core parts detector for the mi-pet part of the product, and core parts accelerator for rt products, multileaf rasters, and the company has the capacity for autonomous research and development and production.
The Department led the 13th Five-Year Project on Research and Development for Digital Clinical Equipment, which is a national priority research and development programme to fill gaps in the cutting-edge areas of high-end medical equipment in China.
The main raw materials for the magnets of the core parts of the mr products are the liquid helium, the main suppliers of which are Liquefied Air Shanghai Ltd., Wide Steel Gas (Gwangzhou) Ltd., etc. During the production process, core parts and components for ct products, high pressure generators, core parts for xr products x ray tubes, high pressure generators and others.
The tablet detectors, as well as the magnetic tubes for the core parts of the rt product, are mainly acquired through outsourcing. The company's self-research high-pressure generator has been applied to some ct and xr products, and the magnetic control is purchased at the telednee 2vasia pacificlicmited, but there are also Nisshinbomicrodevicesinc.
Vendors such as the New Japan Wireless and Radio-micro-Technology Clubs (combined by the New Japan Wireless and Micro-Technology Clubs) could be procured.The company has achieved all core components (magnetized, gradient, radio frequency and spectrometer), core materials and components (scintillation crystals, detectors), core components (detectors, high pressure generators), xxr
While sub-core components (x-ray tubes, high pressure generators), rt core parts (accelerated tubes, multileaf rasters) are self-researched or self-produced, companies continue to invest in research and development of high-power components and core parts, while enterprises upstream of the Chinese industrial chain are growing more mature and the supply chain is gradually entering the self-refusion phase.
The five major operations are rich in pipelines and highly efficient, combined with the layout of economic equipment, high-end equipment, core components and cutting-edge technology, increasing the depth and breadth of the layout of the product lines and gradually increasing market shares and the abundance of production through advanced product technology.
Lines correspond to different levels of demand. Brand images and market labels such as 5.0t, mr, dsa, spectrometer, high-energy rt, etc. in high-end production lines will also drive economic sales.
The company is now developing core components of all mr products, including radio-frequency loops and multi-channel distributed spectrometers. The points are liquid-free helium/low fluid helium high field superconductor magnets, high-speed radio frequency amplifiers, high-channel radio frequency emission products: core components include detectors, ball tubes, high-pressure generators, etc.
Employing and marketing components such as high-end coronometer detectors, high-end ball tubes and high-pressure generators with high-speed kv switch technology are expected to be cut in three years. xr Products: Core components include x-ray tubes, high-pressure generator and tablet detectors.
X-ray angiography systems, new mobile c-arms, etc.; a new generation of dr products based on computer visual recognition and electromechanical control techniques are being developed and developed. The company expects to cut into components: x-ray tubes and high-frequency high-voltage generators over a period of three years.
mic product: Core components include pet detectors and core components associated with mr.ct equipment. The company has developed a new generation of tof detectors, openings, etc. by holding on to detector structure design, scintillation crystals performance, crystals processing process, reading out electronics design, detector correction technology, high-speed collection technology, low-dose scanning and reconstruction technology.
The company plans to develop a new generation of image-guided accelerators based on existing image-guided devices, and to develop forward-looking cores.
Part layout: power source systems, accelerated pipe systems, a new generation of foliage rasters, etc. His mountain stone: Innovation leads mnc development, Siemens Medical Care: 130 years of development, global "Imaging+Physics" giants
Siemens Medical developed the world's first bulk-produced X-ray photography facility in 1896, and the company created the world's first real-time ultrasound imaging system. For the first time, doctors can observe the patient's internal movements, and ultrasound entered the hospital for the first time as an important diagnostic image. In 2005, the company created the world's first.
In 1999-2015, the company developed the first 7.0t magnetic resonance, 9.4t, 10.5t, 11.7t, and the first double-mode 7t magnetic resonance that can be used in both clinical and scientific research.
Like the combination of equipment and robotic technology, the latest generation of corindus's involvement in robotic subversion of traditional intervention, the treatment of the operation, which brought greater protection and greater precision to the intervention. In 2021, the company was able to produce a tumor with a precise diagnosis and the next full-body version of the pet/ctbiographionquadra, which took only 15 seconds.
In 2021, the company launched a photonsc. To destabilize the traditional circulatory image and lead the third ct revolution. Figure 69: Siemens’ 130 history of medical development.
In May 2016, Siemenshealthcare was renamed Siemenshealthineers. Siemenshealthineers were successfully listed on Frankfurt Exchange in 2018.
More than 48.3 billion euros a day, more than 35 per cent of Siemens' revenues came from innovations in the last three years. Companies operated in more than 70 countries with more than 600,000 installed units and 22,000+ technological intellectual property rights, of which 14,000.
The company started in China in 1983, when deep farming over a century led China’s medical equipment companies to grow. Siemens’ medical care was concentrated around the world, with strong research and development power, and continued to produce new products.
Ann's business, vd's business, also became an important engine for corporate revenue after the new crown outbreak in 2020. The firm's solid research and development technology base, its rich product pipelines, and its helper company became a high-speed increase in global health care mnc. Figure 73: Siemens Medical Camp and Growth (millions, %)
Figure 74: Siemens Medical Profit and Growth (millions of yuan, %)
At the industry level, China’s medical video equipment industry has been developing for decades, and China’s market has entered a fast-growing phase. The high-end medical video equipment industry has been pushing for opportunities.
China's 2030 Planning Framework, the Capacity-Building Programme for Public Health Prevention and Control, and the 14th Five-Year Real-Time Programme for the Construction of Quality and Efficient Health Service Systems have been published successively, and the focus on medical equipment has benefited from this. Since 2020, China has jumped from a fourth to the second largest medical market outside the United States, with low penetration in China's market.
From the company’s end, domestic revenue continues to grow, new products dsa and 5tmr enter the registration stage, and orders are out.
(co-operation with the United States Bamfhealth in 2019, supply of mi products, 2021-2022 with vizient, the largest member-driven consulting firm in the United States, ct\mr\dr series of product orders) and the expected product overlap, pipeline expansion, and continued competitiveness of the core components produced by the industry as a reflection of ahead of schedule.
The progress in the development of high-tech barriers to medical equipment determines the pace of import substitution by medical equipment companies, and the upgrading of core components from the primary R & D production supply and software algorithms to the “cane neck” problem that has long constrained the development of domestically produced medical equipment.
This is an important step in supplementing China’s long-standing vacancies for large platform medical equipment. The company’s 10-year-old company became the leader of medical equipment, and the giant building of platform-type medical equipment under the New Capital Wind supported hundreds of billions of dollars in market value.
Five major factors shape the growth, positioning, and growth of the company, the industry’s high profile, the need for self-supply, the new infrastructure strategy, and the technological advantages.
National policy support, industry development, and subsequent corporate technological advances, listing of core products, and gradual endorsement by domestic and foreign clinical institutions, have dominated the market with industry-wide layouts and technological advantages. The autonomous control of core upstream components and the stability of outsourcing suppliers support the continued enrichment of innovation pipelines.
The international situation is changing rapidly, the domestic supply of products and the growing maturity of business models in the sea, and in order to achieve R & D and production autonomy, companies are able to organize vertically up and down the industrial chain, connecting raw materials, chips, spherical tubes, spectrometers, magnetometers, gradient power amplifiers, radio frequency amplifiers, etc.
Microelectronics covers high-end medical equipment chips, medical artificial intelligence chips, medical chips, etc. Corporate ownership of core technology and global leading research and development teams is the reason for companies’ continued leading edges.
The industry is technology-intensive and asset-intensive, and companies focused on product R & D inputs in the early years of their existence. The company has a leading R & D input and patent volume industry, with more than 14% of its annual R & D revenues, and can roll out new products each year, with more than 2,147, with more than 37% of the R & D workforce in the last three years, and cumulatively submitting patents.
Beijing, Wuhan, Shenzhen, and the United States have R & D centres dedicated to forward-looking technology research in the industry for the next five to eight years. Figure 76: Global R & D, production and service networks, billions of dollars, or 14.4 per cent of the total; R & D personnel, 2147, or 39.19 per cent of the total.
Five “Digital diagnostic equipment development special” ten projects, covering ultra-high ground 5.0tmr, pediatric mr, 640 layer ct, integrated full-digit Pete/mr system, full-core digital pet-ct, dr/ct detector specialized integrated circuit development, low-dose digital mammography system, new mri gradient field development, etc.
For the first time in China's scientific and technological field, the company “Producer Research and Research” received the highest award in China's scientific and technological field for scientific and technological progress in 2020. The company's accumulated research and development expenditure has been capitalized into 36 generic technologies, with a total investment of 2,961 million yuan in research and development.
The average R & D investment for individual products is $82.26 million, compared to $28.27 million for mr, ct, and mmi. The average R & D investment for the clinical trial filing phase/qualification report until the product has been approved for capitalization amounts to mr 16.77 million, ct. 15.51 million, xr 4.07 million, mi 17.57 million, respectively.
Among companies with comparable sizes, the share of R & D expenditure on joint cinema is the highest compared to that of R & D personnel. R & D expenditure was 14.45 per cent in 2021 and 39.19 per cent.
8.59 per cent, compared with 8.28 per cent and 9.28 per cent, respectively, of research and development expenditures for 2020-2021 for international medical devices and 14.76 per cent for joint medical research and development, and 14.75 per cent, compared to international excellence, are based on basic research, clinical applications, medical transformation, and full-chain scientific innovation for industrial transformation.
Core technological innovation, forward-looking research innovation, innovation in the integration of obstetric medicine, innovation in services, innovation in design, business model innovation to fight “cricket” and “come-on-the-door” technologies. Figure 82: China's first national centre for the innovation of high-performance medical equipment
The National Ministry of Industry and Communications approved the joint initiative of the Chinese Academy of Science and the Shenzhen Advanced Institute, the United Shadows, the Murray and others to bring together innovative resources at the national level in order to connect the innovation chain, the industrial chain, promote industrial transformation of research results, and create a global innovation site for high-end medical equipment.
Each operation has a multi-line R & D phase, and the four main product lines of mi, mr, ct, and xr have won nearly 20 prizes for industrial design, covering the German Red Point Best Design Award, the German F Design Award, the Chinese Best Industrial Design Award, and the Chinese International Industrial Fair Industrial Design Gold Award. In 2021, the company was recognized as a national industrial design centre.
Innovative business models, with distribution networks spread around the world, companies set up the first one-stop straight-line medical platform in the high-end medical equipment industry, “Medical Information.” Medical Information has been in operation for two years, with over 10,000 registered hospitals and over 500 partnered in modeling hospitals.
The company has a better management system for distributors, strict controls on access and qualifications, regular training in the selection of distributors, and full support for distributors' sales.
At the same time, companies have set up global customer service networks based on China, the United States, Malaysia, Poland, etc., to provide timely and efficient after-sales services to clients. The share of public hospitals in the third tier of end-sales clients has continued to increase rapidly, with a combination of revenues in 2019-2021.
The growth rate reached 94.69 per cent, mainly as a result of companies' sustained roll-out of new products from large polyclinics with strong innovative R & D capabilities, and the fact that they have a leading or differentiated advantage in the industry, enabling them to compete with their competitors in the most competitive level III public hospitals and to continuously increase their share.
The company's strategy of “bringing full-line product penetration through high-end product breakthroughs”, which, at the end of 2021, had established offshore teams through 14 offshore subsidiaries, has obtained 37 fda notes and 39 c-certifications, including a 4d-wide dynamic scan of the industry's headlines, Pete/ct products
High-end products such as 3.0tmr with the first 75 cm aperture in the industry. Figure 85: Direct sales versus distribution as a share, our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Marketing of medical video diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment: company video diagnostics are done in domestic and overseas markets. Domestic markets: competition will take place both in stock and in volume, and Chinese brands in stock markets will replace imported brands with better hardware parameters and higher value for money over the next 10 years.
Developments and policy dividends in the video equipment industry, increased demand for company-related medical equipment as a result of the new crowning epidemic, technological innovation advantages, business opportunities arising from the upgrading of video equipment, development dynamics resulting from competitive market patterns, increased market awareness of brand names, marketing network advantages, abundance of regulations, income from security services
Rapid growth. Overseas markets: companies have already been operating in countries and regions such as the United States, Japan, Europe, Africa and South-East Asia: with the growth of the high-base new crown epidemic in 2020, but the growth of overseas operations, photometers have grown at an annual rate of 14.9 per cent and 13.2 per cent and 17.9 per cent, with an expected rate of 60 per cent/55 per cent/50 per cent.
In March 2022, the company received a contract from Vizient, the United States health insurance giant, for the product group of the mr system, which broke through the world’s largest medical business market overseas. In 2022, 5tmr entered the product registration phase and was not working on it.
Helium fluid/low fluid helium mr is expected to enter the product register in 2025. Business is expected to pick up at an increased speed in 22-24: company product lines cover Pete/ct, Pete/mr. Company is the first national pet/mr R & D developer.
It is expected to enter the product register in 24 years. In 2019, the company rolled out the industry headline 4d pet/ct (uexporer) and completed the fda registration, and by the end of 21 there were 24 installed in North America. In summary, the profit forecast results: based on the forecasts and assumptions of the different revenue sections above, we predict the company.
Under the above scenario, the net return to the company for the period 2022-2024 will be: the optimistic and pessimistic assumptions will float by 10 per cent on the basis of existing projections.
First, with the expansion of the market brought about by the domestic demand for new capital procurement, revenues from the sale of medical equipment have been maintained at 23-28 per cent to increase speed; and emerging markets such as India and Poland abroad have entered the harvest period, and United States revenues have been scaled up on the basis of low base, industry, and secondly, on the basis of the characteristics of the large medical equipment industry, corporate maintenance and technical services, low base of labour operations, compared with gps
Third, the business model for video equipment software is becoming more sophisticated, company technology accumulation and iterative capacity are increasing, medical care is increasing, and fourth, sales and management costs are expected to stabilize, and research and development costs are being invested. First, the market believes that large medical equipment is growing slowly, with the potential to do so with a higher base of new crown instruments in 2020.
We believe that the company's R & D pipelines, dsa, ultrasound equipment, each with new products at different stages of R & D, and the company is far from reaching the ceiling. In the global market layout, India, Poland, and other mature commercial markets like the United States, Japan, Europe, the Middle East are entering the harvest period, and the company is entering the initial commercialization phase.
Second, the market believes that the company’s current valuation is already high, and that there is limited scope for further increases in the future. We believe that the company’s current high valuation is based on high technological barriers, high R & D delivery capacity, high performance growth, and high certainty.
The value premium is reasonable, and the company is the only product line in the 10-year range that can be used to treat the mnc of Siemens. The Brooke market monopoly will be broken as life science instruments are developed and implemented. With the autonomous supply of the core components, the cost of scale production and production will be reduced, and the company will be available on a global scale.
Third, there is a general perception in the market that the company’s product lines are concentrated in several varieties, with full understanding of large video equipment, but with some deviation from high-end medical equipment and research lines and products. The proportion of corporate R & D staff is as high as 39%.
The share is as high as 14%, ranking first among comparable companies both domestically and globally. In addition to applying the vitals of scientific institutions, which will further break the import monopoly, dsa in product registers and ultrasound products will bring to the company, first, a new round of demand for medical equipment for new infrastructure;
Second, new products are approved, high-end products are re-upgraded, and the main risks of core assumptions or logic are, first, the continuation of international trade frictions, the impact on the acquisition of core parts of companies and exports, and exchange rate fluctuations.
Second, policies drive procurement below expectations and market expansion below expectations; Third, product R & D falls short of expectations, and there is a risk of failure in research and development of new products. Taking into account the business characteristics of companies, we use relative valuations to estimate the reasonable value of companies.
Horizontal contrast: The following table summarizes the financial data on joint cinema medicine and a share, h share of comparable equipment and equipment, and international giants, only for presentation and non-recommendance.
As a company with the richest and largest volume of Chinese medical equipment product lines, joint film medicine still maintains an increase of more than 20%. Medical equipment is relatively high, but it is growing, and the industry is over 2022pe, taking into account the company’s business characteristics, and we use relative valuations to estimate the company’s reasonable value range.
Devices are relatively growing, pe is relatively high, and the industry has more leading companies than 50 x. On this basis, joint cinema medicine, the richest company in China for large-scale medical equipment products, can maintain a 20% or more increase, and the Māori and net profit rates are also higher in the industry through a scale cost advantage.
Barriers, powerful R & D platforms, innovative capabilities and market positions are comparable to those of China's medical “Was” and deserve a combination of the above-mentioned valuations. It is expected that, as new capital purchases sink over the next three years, the need for basic medical equipment and product replacements will increase the volume of corporate returns, overseas market openings and new types of medical equipment.
But the valuation is based on assumptions, assumptions, and the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies.
We have selected companies that are the same as or similar to the company’s business, such as Murray’s, Leup, Micro-Creative, etc., but there is not yet a company’s business exactly similar.
For example, we expect companies to grow more than 20% overseas in the future, possibly overestimated their prospects for going out to the sea.
There is a risk that the company’s profit forecast for the next three years will be higher than it is in real terms. Just as we predict that the company’s 5tmr, dsa, is well registered, there is a risk that its performance will not be overestimated in the next three years if the actual registration is not as fast as expected.
Some of the company’s high-end products are outsourced to core components, and we expect corporate suppliers to secure and gradually move into autonomous supply over the next three years, with the risk of over-estimating performance over the next three years if circumstances change. Some of the core components out-purchases create a risk of short-term stockouts or higher costs.
Xr products, X-ray tubes, high-pressure generator and tablet detectors, and RT-magnetic tubes are still largely purchased, and supply chain problems may result in companies being unable to deliver products in a timely and stable manner in the short term; and other countries or regions will be protected from trade if global trade friction increases further
China may take counter-measures to impose tariffs on some of the imported core parts, raising the price of imported parts. Exchange rate fluctuations will also increase the price of imported core parts to some extent, thereby increasing the cost of producing the company’s products and negatively affecting the market competitiveness of the company’s products.
The risk of increased competition in the industry: the company ' s multiplicity of products has been ranked first in the new domestic market, and as competition in the industry increases, the company will be exposed to the risk of falling market share in the more intense market competition if it does not maintain its competitive advantage in the future and improve its competitiveness.
R & D is not as fast as expected: company multi-pipe products are in the R & D phase, dsa, 5tmr, ultrasound equipment has some time to produce and sell in bulk, and there is a risk that R & D will fail; on the other hand, the current market for ultrasound equipment is already on the market or in competitions, and future commercialization is expected to be highly competitive.
Competition, low or unexpected risks of low commercial value, and failure to meet the deadline for market recognition, risks of protectionism and trade friction: annual growth in overseas receipts of corporate products, partial outsourcing of core components, and the possible impact of trade frictions by offshore suppliers on the supply of components and the potential of customers
Reducing orders, requiring companies to reduce prices, or assuming corresponding tariffs, thus creating a risk of not operating abroad: the company’s overseas subsidiaries, which number 14, face regulatory requirements under national laws and taxes.
At the same time, the lack of management experience and capacity on the part of the company's actual controllers and management will increase the difficulty of corporate governance coordination and create business management risks that will adversely affect the company's performance. Inventory price falls risk: the company's inventory amounts to $2.28 billion, or 22 per cent of the total assets in the current period.
Changes in the future market environment, or increased competition, resulting in, inter alia, the late sale of products, stock backlogs, etc., will result in an increase in the loss of the firm’s inventory and adversely affect its profitability. By-election 85 per cent, there is a risk of short-term liquidity in the future if financial management is inadequate.
The top six business leaders are of technical background, with 2,137 company R & D technicians, or 39% of the total. Medical equipment is a technology-intensive industry, with growing competition for industrial technicians as emerging national firms emerge.
Competitiveness, which may result in the loss of existing core skilled personnel, will pose a significant risk of leaking core technology to the company's production and operation: companies autonomously develop more than 80 products, companies are patented on domestic inventions, 1,299 are authorized and 470 are patented on foreign inventions, except for the above-mentioned patented inventions.
In addition, the company has a number of generic technologies, which are an important component of its technological competitiveness and play an important role in the company’s business. If the company’s key core technologies are abused or leaked, this will reduce the output of the company’s R & D inputs and do not guarantee the technological advantages of the company’s products on a sustainable basis.
China’s market for high-end medical imagery equipment has been monopolized by foreign companies such as ge-medics, Siemens and Philips. Importers are still in the vanguard of the market, thanks to their brand, channel, and technology advantages that they have accumulated over the years.
If the company fails to maintain and continuously strengthen its competitive edge and core competitiveness, the market share and prices of the company's products may be exacerbated by competition in the market. The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author