The company published its annual report for 2023, with a 30 per cent increase in performance compared to the previous year, and the company's sales of photovoltaic glass grew rapidly.
Added capacity to release firm competitiveness, glass into the inventory cycle, industrial chains are simmering up prices or rising profits, maintaining a higher rating. Photovoltaic glass sales keep growing at a high rate: companies benefited from additional capacity releases and photovoltaics in 2023
The expansion of high-quality production enhances the competitiveness of companies: as of the end of 2023, companies had photovoltaic glass with a capacity of 20.600 tons per day, and in 2024 companies will gradually set fire to the fourth phase of the Ensign and the Nanton project.
In addition, the company plans to invest in the construction of photovoltaic kilns in Indonesia to meet the demand for photovoltaic glass in different countries and regions. The company is expected to grow to 30,200 tons per day by the end of 2024, an increase of about 50% over the same period.
Strengths, resource advantages, and technological advantages continue to take the lead in the field of photovoltaic glass. Glasses enter the stock cycle, industrial chains are simmering up prices or raising profits: after spring 2024, components are heating up, and photovoltaic glass is entering the stocking phase. We believe that photovoltaic glass is phased in.
The supply is smaller than demand or the price of light glass is higher, and with the April photovoltaic component production ring ratio rising, some component enterprises are either pre-positioned for control costs, the price of light glass is higher, pushing forward the level of profit of the glass manufacturer.
In conjunction with the company's annual report, which reveals production capacity planning, the current glass chain to stock, and the increase in the light glass industry chain, despite conservative downward profit expectations, we still look at the relatively tight glass chain taps and maintain the rating increase.
Over-expected industrial performance releases: below-expected bipolar penetration; over-anticipated product price competition; lower-than-expected downstream demand; volatile raw materials and fuel power prices; and photovoltaic policy risk.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.