The company published its annual 2023 report, and 2023 achieved business income of $21,524 million, a year-on-year increase.
The total capacity as at 31 December was 20,600 tons per day. In 2023, the company produced 1,211 million square metres of photovoltaic glass, sold 1,220 million square metres, an increase of 44.52 per cent from the same year.
The globalization strategy continues, and research and development investment continues to grow. The company plans to continue investing in the construction of photovoltaic kilns in Indonesia, with revenues from sales outside the company’s optical glass for 23 years amounting to 4,115 million.
As a result of the release of silicon production capacity, supply bottlenecks have been removed, and the price of the photovoltaic chain has fallen dramatically, with a combination of prices.
The cost of capital has declined, the economics of the installed projects and the return on investment have increased significantly, and the global photovoltaics are expected to grow rapidly. With the company’s total daily melting volume of 9,600 tons per day, phase four, and the Southern Express project, which was set on fire this year, the company expects to achieve nominal production capacity in the form of light glass by the end of 24th year.
30,200 tonnes/day, 20,600 tonnes/day or nearly 50% increase in nominal capacity at the end of the 23rd year
Macroeconomic environmental risks: international trade policy risks, etc.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector, a former assistant for research in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and, in 2022, the Sindam voucher Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the electrical equipment and storage energy sector.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for the new energy automobiles, which have been partially unconnected, disentangled, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the CVC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.