Market anchoring, improved layout, growth growth, stock sharing, $3.8 in gold (including taxes), $891 million in red, including medium-term cash transfers, company green growth, deep-seated, photovoltaic re-innovation: a number of countries around the world have proposed carbon neutralization.
And the “zero carbon” development goal, with a strong global consensus on green energy, such as wind power and photovoltaics. In 2023, the amount of global photovoltaic re-innovation reached 390gw, an increase of 70 per cent in the same year, and the number of markets with more than 1gw in excess of 32, indicating that global demand is growing. Of these, China has 216.88gw installed, an increase of 148.1 per cent.
It remains the largest photovoltaic market in the world; distribution 96.29gw, an increase of 88.4 per cent over the same period; and concentration 120.59gw, an increase of 232.2 per cent over the same period, according to the Association of Photovoltaic Industries, which expects global renewable energy capacity to triple to at least 11,000gw in 2030.
In addition, China’s photovoltaic industry chain has a strong global competitiveness and market share, and companies will benefit in the long term as a light glass locomotive company. Double-bond components are higher, glass-broken markets are more attractive; and, as a result of recent years’ development, two-bond components are more powerful.
According to China's Photovoltaic Association, in 2023, the cities accounted for more than 60% of the total. From glass thickness, 3.2 mm and 2.0 mm are thick, and the two are thicker than single. Thus, with the increase in the penetration rate, the demand for glass is higher than the increase in the number of photovoltaic machines. In terms of supply and demand patterns, the demand is higher than the demand.
Rapid growth in demand, regional balance of supply and demand patterns, and a low price of photovoltaic glass, which is expected to rise even slightly. In 2023, the company achieved 1.21 billion square metres of sales of photovoltaic glass, an increase of 49.52% from the same year.
The company is the first enterprise in the country to break the international monopoly on photovoltaic glass technology and markets through autonomous R & D, and is well positioned in terms of formulas, production processes, cost controls, etc.
By the end of 2023, with a total capacity of 20,600 tons per day, the Ensign IV project and the Nanton project, a total of 9,600 tons per day is expected to be lit in 24 years, while the company is in India in order to meet the needs of the overseas market, and its market share is expected to increase with the release of additional capacity.
The company works in depth with a number of well-known photovoltaic components, such as Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Australia Technology, Crystal Energy, and so on.
Fulette: High growth in sales, steady release of productive capacity - Fulley’s investment proposal: green low-carbon development is well-populated, photovoltaic is an important clean energy source, with a long-term increase in installed capacity.
The company will benefit in the long term as an important supplier in the photovoltaic industry. Given the consumption of photovoltaic glass stocks, supply and demand are balanced, prices are expected to rebound steadily or even slightly. We expect the company to have a separate net profit of 2024-2026.