China Air Photovoltaic (002179).
The company is a high-level director who specializes under the China-China industry in providing interconnectivity technology solutions in the field of military defence and high-end manufacturing, with a net profit of $663 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 15.71 per cent.
Technology enterprises. Corporate products are widely used in the field of aerospace and military affairs, communications networks and data centres, orbital traffic, and in the field of high-end civilian manufacturing such as smart equipment.
At this point in time, we believe that companies, as the few upstream suppliers in the market that cover the entire military industrialization industry, will benefit significantly from the release of downstream orders during the 1455s, and that this year's performance is expected to be 38x, 33x, 27x, and that companies, as the few platform companies in the field of military industrialization, are expected to enjoy them.
1. Profit increases faster than income gains, with record performance in the second quarter and the first half of 2020, when companies achieved $4,810 billion (+4.64 per cent) in revenue and were placed in publicly traded companies.
First, there is a better time for cost control or recovery to offset the administrative costs of part of the equity incentive. We believe that this year the company has either increased its efforts to control the cost of the period or reduced it by means of a professional budget committee, etc.
Efficiency gains offset some of the administrative costs of equity incentives. Corporate sales costs and financial costs decreased by $47.3 million and $4.04 million, respectively, in the first half of the year, while management costs increased by $68.87 million, sales costs (the impact of the epidemic has resulted in lower costs for labour, travel and sales services) and financial costs (better).
The sharp decline in interest on debt transfer during the same period last year, and the increase in exchange rate gains, offsets the cost of running the costs of equity incentives during the period. East’s financial boom.
China PV (002179). High-performance expectations, excellent platform companies are expected to enjoy a valuation premium. Second, the company’s share of military goods revenue in the first quarter of the second quarter or significantly increased.
In the first half of the year, the overall Māori rate showed a slight increase compared to the first half of last year, showing a relatively high Māori ratio of military revenue or a significant increase in the second quarter. 2. The second quarter recorded a record high performance in the first quarter of the year, or continued to perform better than expected, and the second quarter recorded a record high in the first quarter of the second quarter.
A single-quarter net profit return of $499 million, a year-on-year increase of 46.76%, was achieved in the second quarter of this year on the basis of a high base in the first quarter of last year, which shows a marked improvement in corporate earnings in the second quarter. Looking ahead to performance throughout the year, we believe that the company may continue to be better than expected.
First, the volume and share of the company's military revenues rose significantly in the second half of the year. In 2020, the last year of the 13th Five-Year Plan, military orders and revenues were recognized or significantly increased, while demand for military goods was significantly better than in the 14th Five-Year Plan because of geo-stressed conditions. Second, the company's overall Māori rate rose more or less in 2019.
3. Full coverage of the military-industrial sector would benefit significantly from downstream orders, and platform-type companies would benefit from full coverage, stability and certainty by learning to raise single customer value added and sticky customers. The military-industrial industry would be best served by full coverage, performance stability and certainty. The military connection to medium-air light power would cover all sub-sectors such as aviation, space, ships, weapons, electronics.
From a single connector company to a platform-type company that integrates the system. Since its inception, the company has taken a step-by-step footprint, moving from an industry spoiler to a industry leader, starting with a single generic connector (circle and rectangle), to high-tech products such as current fluid connectors, high-speed backboard connectors and a single connection.
At this point, we believe that companies, as the market's few upstream suppliers covering the entire military-industrial industry, will benefit significantly from the placement of downstream orders during the 1455 period.
The delivery of arms and equipment has been slower than expected, the impact of VAT has been higher, and the impact of military pricing reform has been higher than expected.
China Air Photovoltaics (002179). Performance is high, and a good platform company is expected to enjoy a valuation premium.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China PV (002179). Performance is high, and a good platform company is expected to enjoy a valuation premium, and does not guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.