The main industry is growing steadily, looking forward to a steady increase in performance throughout the year - half-yearly review of mid-air light power (002179).
The net return to the mother is 663 million yuan, an increase of 15.71 per cent over the same period. Performance in the second quarter has increased considerably, and is expected to grow steadily over the year by a factor of 15.71 per cent over the same period. q2 achieved business income of 3,010 million yuan in the same quarter, an increase of 23.33 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother was $499 million, an increase of 46.80 per cent over the same period, reversing the downward trend of the first quarter in the second quarter and achieving a significant increase. During the reporting period, the cost of the company period was 15.31 per cent, a decrease of 1.93 pct compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly due to a decrease in sales costs as a result of the epidemic and a decrease in the interest rate on debt and a significant reduction in financial costs as a result of an increase in exchange rate earnings.
Military connector leader, benefiting military goods market development \triangleright
The company is the leader of the military-industrial interface, which covers almost all fields of aviation, space, electronics, ships, and armaments downstream. Connector operations generate $3.627 billion, an increase of 0.94 per cent over the same period, mainly military goods; Māori, the core supplier of the aviation-military connector, is expected to continue to grow steadily.
With the rapid pace of construction at 5g, the communications business is expected to grow in the development phase, experts predict that our investment in 5g construction will reach 70.5 billion yuan, an increase of 56.7 per cent over 4g, and that the company has become fully involved in the preparatory project of the mainstream communications equipment provider 5g, and that there is great scope for the future development of communications operations.
Fushda's top-selection is expected to drive the industrial layout of the company \triangleright during the reporting period, the company's controlling subsidiary, Fushda, successfully completed the public distribution of shares to unqualified investors
With $239 million in funds and listed on the top of the top floor. This hang-up will further boost capacity upgrading and technological inputs, facilitating the deployment of the PV-intensible radio field in China and the further borrowing of capital markets to achieve corporate value enhancement.
1. Summary evaluation report for China Air Photovoltaics (002179), main industry, military goods not ordered as expected; new energy vehicles not sold as expected; slow expansion of overseas operations; steady growth in performance; and communications operations as expected
It is hoped that the year will continue to be a year of steady growth, a year of high growth in major industries, a year of development in emerging areas, and a year of convergence of data projections in corporate financial statements.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.