New projects to build a rich product system, new and published annual report 2021: operating revenue of $14.798 billion, yoy+43.47 per cent, year-round, year-round, year-round, year-round, year-round, year-round, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long, year-long,
Founded in 1999, Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, a company with a net profit of $4.324 billion, yoy + 21.34 per cent, is a listed company. The company is highly focused on fine chemical synthesis.
The increase in sales of major products contributed to the growth of performance, and the decline in the Māori rate drove up the net profit increase. 2021 The accumulation of technology, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate ethylene moor fork, resulted in an annual increase of 132 per cent in the overall sales of pharmaceutical and chemical products of the company, which led to an increase in the harvest of the nutrition business.
With organic synthesis as a link, it has been successful in expanding its operations to vitamin 55,59% to 11,128 million yuan, with a 14.47% to 2,239 million yuan increase in fragrance business receipts on the same date. Biosiners, fragrances, new materials, egg amino acids, etc.
The company, with its combined Māori ratio, has now stabilized in one of the world ' s four largest vitamin producers and has developed into an influential fragrance company, influenced by the rising cost of raw materials, low Māori rates and so on.
We expect that the company's future Māori rate will be advanced if it succeeds in reducing the adverse effects of low raw material price volatility by strengthening market research, establishing strategic partnerships with suppliers, and increasing the utilization of raw materials.
Shinsuzu is the leader of the country's high-quality fine chemical complex, and the integration of the industrial chain and product series are driving the 52-week inter-share price division to become the leader of the fine chemical industry. From the pharmaceutical center, the company has successfully expanded its operations to the wilaya.
The company is now one of the four largest vitamin producers in the world, and has developed into an influential fragrance firm, a competitive egg, and a promising new material company. The company has a deep interest in fine chemical synthesis.
Total equity/flowa shares (millions) understand that the driving force for sustained growth is the integration of the industrial chain and product clustering. 1 Industrial chain 1 circulationb/h shares (millions)
Physicalization: The company ' s vitamin operations enhances the intermediate supply and continuously improves the process to achieve integrated production of vitamin products from the intermediate to the finished product, and the company takes advantage of the new approach to synthetic-ve intermediates and optimizes the process, effectively reducing production costs for the company.
Vitamin operations have expanded to fragrances, raw materials, food additives, bioferment products, achieving a series of supplies for downstream feed, medicine, food customers, and new products such as corporate hysteric acid, caronate anhydride, nitrogen dichotomy, etc. have entered the industrialization phase.
Long, some of the projects under construction have further enriched the company’s product structure, and there has been positive progress in integrated, serialized product planning. The continued construction and orderly release of new capacity will help to enrich the company’s product system.
With more attention, various types of functional chemicals are being developed in two core chemical and biological platforms. 1 Nutrient plate: the remaining 150,000 tons of the company ' s 2-twenty-five million-year project can be built, while the company plans to invest $3 billion in a facility for the production of ecstasy in collaboration with the refining of the Central Pestrochemical Township.
The company is expected to become the world's first-tier producer of pine amino acid, as it continues. 2 flavour plates: 5,000 tons of mint alcohol per year are being built on schedule. 3 new high-molecular material plates: 700 tons of pps per year have been built. We expect these ongoing projects to be built and invested.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: the company has grown from vitamin to fine-chemicals, and new projects have built a rich product system. Based on the company ' s annual 2021 report, we have adjusted the company accordingly.
The source of financial prosperity in the East: new and successful (002001): steady growth in performance, new projects to build a rich product system, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Eight years of research experience in the chemical industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities reported a steady increase in performance, with new projects building a rich product system that does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.