The results of the Research Centre for Resources and the Environment in 2021 were in line with expectations, and the company was able to grow in the future. The company published its annual report on 14 April 2022, which generated business income of $14,798 million, a year-on-year increase.
43.47 per cent long, resulting in a net profit of 4,324 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 21.34 per cent over the same period. The energy price gap in Central Europe has widened, and the markets for va, ve, and ecstasy are expected to shift further to China: Europe is the main region for the production of va, ve, and ecstasy, benefiting from increased energy price differentials in Central Europe, and related production in China.
The cost advantage will be more pronounced, and we believe that these products are expected to gradually capture the share of the European market. Performance in 2021 met expectations, with a slight increase in market prices for major products: during the reporting period, the net profits of the company were 2,324 million yuan, and the performance was in line with our expectations.
The performance of 2021q3 was in line with the expected performance of 2021q3, with a slight increase in the value of 500,000 iu/g va powders, 50% ve powders, ecstasy in the fourth quarter of 2021 The domestic market averages 286.17/kg, 89.42/kg, 20.97/kg, respectively.
“Chemical +”, “biological +” platforms are evolving and companies can grow in the future: `Chemical +', continued optimization and consolidation through growing `q1 performances that are slightly higher than expected.
The foundation of the “Bio+” platform is constantly strengthening the company's core competitiveness. On the nutrition plate, the company has become one of the world's four largest vitamin producers and, by continuing to do great work, is expected to become a solution to the integrated nutrient additive programme in the future. In addition, the company has been active in developing cutting-edge biotech.
“Bio+” platform. During the reporting period, the company's two-year 250,000 tonnes of ecstasy, of which 100,000 tons of devices are operating steadily, with a continuous increase in cost and quality advantages, 150,000 tons of devices built on schedule, and the overall process is manageable; in the fragrance plate, the company's two main technological platforms, namely, chemosynthesis and biofermentation, continue.
The business is expected to continue to grow steadily with the introduction of new products, while at the same time the company is based on research and development in the polymeric process of high-performance resins and downstream applications.
Stable, energy-efficient, environmentally friendly professional production, constantly doing great things. Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn
The company is one of the leaders of the country's fine chemical industry, with a better industrial chain extension and a strong market location, Wang Minghui, and an analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment