Resource and Environmental Research Centre q1 performance in 2022 meets expectations, looking at va, vagaries, company fundamentals (RMB)
The company issued a quarterly report on 27 April 2022, with operating income of $4.308 billion, an increase of 13.66 per cent over the same period and a net profit of $1,203 million for the mother, an increase of 5.18 per cent over the same period.
The net profit was $1,203 million, and the performance was as expected. Prices of the company’s main products increased and fell during the quarter, with 500,000 iu/g of va powder, 50 per cent of ve- powder, 2 per cent of biogenesis, pyre amino acid, vd3 of the national market averaged $235.99/kg, 88.16/kg, 68.53/kg, 21.06/kg, respectively.
29.53%. In the future, China’s vitamin industry is expected to continue to build on the cost advantage of its products. Market share, looking at Europe’s higher production capacity, va ve. Product R & D pipelines are rich, and platform capacity is expected to grow further: corporate product R & D pipelines.
3. "2021h1 performance over-expected, looking at company growth and its industrialization, the Kalonate anhydride and nitrogen bicyclic projects, germ development and modification studies, and the fluorine system.
Innovation and industrialization of the ophthalmological synthesis process. We believe that, as the product categories become richer, the q1 performance is slightly higher than expected, and it is expected that the corporate growth-line synergies will be further enhanced, and that the foundation of the “Chemical Plus” and “Bioplus” platforms will be advanced.
For the nutrient plate, we believe that the company will be expected to become a solution to the nutrient additive package, when the company ' s cyclical properties will weaken; in the fragrance plate, the business is expected to continue to grow steadily as new products are rolled out; and in the new material business, the company will be high.
Based on research and development for resin-based polymerization processes and downstream applications, and through efficient, stable, energy-efficient, environmentally friendly and professional production, companies are one of the leading drivers of fine domestic chemicals, with better industrial chains and strong markets.
Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn Wang Minghui
Product prices have fallen; new projects have not progressed as expected; demand has fallen Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then an average of the final rating has been calculated as the average market investment