Center for Research on Resources and the Environment (CRESEE) New Saturation (002001.sz) Increase (first rating) New Suture: Growing Fine Chemical Lead
More than 10 billion dollars have been invested in the construction and development of the new up-and-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-to-up-up-to-up-up-up-to-up-up-to-up-up-up-up-to-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-to-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-to-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-up-up-to-to-to-to-to-up-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-
With the extension of the nutrients industry chain and the gradual relay of spices, the company’s cyclical attributes will weaken, and it is expected to become an integrated solution. Tesman’s integration technology will greatly improve the competitive patterns of the industry, and v is expected to move to slow cattle: the company owns 20,000.
The biggest marginal change in the industry this year is the Tesman Integration Ecclesiastical technique, which we believe will improve the industry landscape significantly as the event moves to a close to the end of its production cycle, and the center of the vixen price is expected to move upwards to $50-60/kg.
The ecstasy industry is at the bottom, and the anti-dumping support industry is up: the company owns 50,000 tons of capacity, plans to add 250,000 tons of capacity, and the full postpartum company will enter the world's first echelon of ecstasy. The ecstasy industry is now in the bottom position, and in the short term, anti-dumping investigations in China on ecstasy may be a thorn to the industry.
The monopolistic pattern of the va industry is expected to continue, and the high-promotion of the product is expected to continue: the company currently owns 10,000 tons of va capacity, which is the highest in the world. The competitive pattern of the industry has remained stable for more than a decade because of high-tech barriers in the industry, but we believe that the monopolistic pattern of the industry is expected to continue and the high-yielding product is expected to continue.
In the short term, the va powder price hub is expected to remain at $300/kg, and the product is expected to grow. The new material layout is moving steadily: after years of development, the fragrance business is operational, and the business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
pps and 1000 tonnes/year of pa capacity, with an additional 15,000 tonnes/year of pps and 9,000 tonnes/year of pa capacity planned for the future, the plate is expected to become a new profit growth point for the company as the capacity is gradually released.
Main profits and elasticity of the Nutrient Contribution Corporation: New Union, established in 1999, has now formed four major business plates of nutrients, fragrances, new materials, raw materials, and vitamins, egg amino acids, and fragrances, both of which account for more than 90 per cent of the operating income, of which the nutrition is the company ' s largest income.
The price cycle for dry company-related products such as vitamins is highly volatile. The demand for pig food has moved into the bottom zone, and the probability of demand regressing has gradually increased: company nutrition, mainly vitamins, 12% of which are from pig feed, 2018 to the present.
The spread of the boar plague in Africa has greatly affected the pig-breeding industry, putting pressure on the demand for pig feed and subsistence food. Although demand is difficult to increase in the short term, we believe that the demand for pig food has entered the bottom zone, benefiting from the high profitability of pigs, strong policy support and concentration of farm production.
The rapid rise in degrees and the gradual increase in the probability of a bottom-up recovery in demand will give vitamins a strong chance that the prices of va will remain strong, and that of ve, and of ecstasy, which, from a medium-term perspective, we believe, is expected to remain strong, and the sectors of ve, and amino acid will be at the bottom, with a stronger presence.
Vitamins a: oligarchic patterns continue to exist and high profits are expected to be sustained. In addition, a larger share of corporate exports is expected, with a significant increase in exports contributing to the reduction of Africa's pigpest. Vitamine: industry expansion is nearing its end, and a significant change in the competition pattern is expected after dsm integration.
Good and currently priced products are at the bottom of history, and product prices are expected to increase significantly, with prices becoming more resilient. Moreover, corporate products are used mainly for export, and good export growth is helping to reduce the impact of the African pigpest.
Ecliptic Acid: Despite the expansion of the industry, the post-partum cr4 ratio is more than 80%, and the oligarchic break pattern is expected to continue. Due to high production and technical barriers, the supply of ecstasy is still insufficient, import substitution space is huge, and if anti-dumping is established, product prices are expected to fall back.
At the same time, the company is expanding its hunting of other products, with new wheat sprouts of phenols in the future and a growing abundance of fragrance products. 1.1 Based on the market for nutritional additive applications, integrated service supply platforms are being developed.
The nutrition plate continues to expand, relying on downstream clients for multi-type integrated layouts. After years of market expansion and client collaboration in the field of vitamin-based downstream nutritional additives since its inception, the company has continued to expand the range of nutritional products based on the chain layout of the product-based industry; and on diversified products.
In general, animal nutrient-added consumption groups include, inter alia, integrated livestock breeders, feed blenders, feed producers, and distributors.
A combination of factors, such as the pigpest, is expected to lead to a sustained increase in the concentration of integrated livestock breeders, as well as to a paradigm shift that will lead to an integrated demand for nutritional additives, and the construction of an integrated service delivery system that is expected to lead to sustained growth in the corporate business sector.
The main customers of nutrient feed additives and the value chain framework  The Ito company production process system takes the lead in expanding synthetic process vitamins and amino acid products. The area of downstream application of nutrient additives products is concentrated, mainly for feed, medicine and food products III.
Large areas. The company ' s product layout over the years has led to a deep accumulation of synthetic processes and technologies, and, in the face of a diversified development, the company relies on existing vitamin synthesis processes to start with synthetic process vitamins and amino acid product layouts, 2017.
The single-product pattern of the vitamin industry is relatively stable, and the advantages of integrated multi-product development are expected to be highlighted. The subsistence industry, after many years of merger-purchase integration and industrial transfer, has formed China, Germany, and the Basff.
For a single species, technical barriers are higher, innovation is more difficult, product competition patterns are relatively stable, and because of the small use of nutrient additive products, markets are limited and it is difficult to create cost advantages in the production of a single product, that is to say, in the case of a single product.
It's more difficult for a single species to win through a trade shuffle, so we think that competition in a future industry may rise from a single-product competition to a maximum, and that firms need to move towards a multi-product strategy or even a multi-dimensional approach if they are to gain a stronger competitive advantage.
▪ The product layout has been gradually improved for the international nutrition additive giants. The company has been able to produce vitamins a, vitamin e, vitamin d3, biomass, and pythonic acid, and will continue to expand its class b products and gradually increase the company's overall competition by improving the product layout.
1.2 The demand for vitamins has grown steadily, with the marginal decline in the impact of the African pigpest. Vitamin demand comes mainly from feed and food medicine. Forty-eight per cent of global vitamin use is in the feed industry, with 30 per cent and 22 per cent of medicine and cosmetics, food and beverage applications, respectively.
In individual years, the impact of the livestock industry will have a short-term impact on vitamin demand, but after smoothing, vitamin demand continues to grow steadily. China’s vitamin exports are mainly for export, and this year there has been a marked increase in exports.
For producers, production is more than 60% of the year, and more than 70% of China’s production is for export, and the products are globally mobile.
Figure 7: Vitamin exports and production (tonnes of tons)
And the need for vitamins is under stress. According to our estimates, under optimistic, neutral and pessimistic scenarios, Chinese pigpest affects 5.09 per cent, 6.36 per cent, 7.63 per cent, respectively, of global feed demand; while it is difficult to increase demand in the short term, we believe that pig demand has entered the bottom zone and benefited from it.
With the high profitability of pigs, strong policy support and a rapid increase in the concentration of farm production, the probability of demand receding gradually increases. Specifically, pigs now earn up to $3079 per head, which, according to historical experience, has helped to drive the catch-up. In addition, government policy support has been intensified in the recent past.
In addition, the accelerated increase in the concentration of farming can also effectively affect the impact of the outbreak of swine fever.
1.3 Vitamine: The expansion of capacity is nearing its end, the industry is at the bottom of history, product prices are expected to be near the end of expansion in 1.3.1 industries, and the competitive pattern of dsm integration is expected to improve significantly. Vitamine, also known as reproductive phenol, is one of the most important antioxidants.
High, with a global capacity of 12,750 tons, the four industries, namely, technologists, Tesman, Shin and Zhejiang, control 85% of the world’s supply. In recent years, competition patterns have weakened as a result of expansion and breakthroughs in new processes, but we believe that the entry point will be: One, two.
Industry expansion is nearing the end of the cycle and the probability of new entrants in the future is low: a review of the history of industry, which has undergone four rounds of expansion, and a recent round of expansion is nearing the end; and a second is the integration of dsm special technology, with a clear improvement in industry patterns.
Figure 12: Vitamine extension (tonne tons) Figure 13: Vitamine prices  Although the industry still has excess capacity, the impact on the industry as a newcomer will be over.
At the same time, the industry has been on the verge of a long-term balance of gains and losses, and the large-scale expansion cycles that preceded the build-up will be overtaken by events, so as an oligopolistic competition industry, we believe that the price of the product is moving upwards. While short-term viewing pipeline stocks remains high, the price trend will not change.
The price of vitamine has been declining in recent years and is still in the bottom zone. Looking back at the history of subsistence, the species has gone through five waves of larger behaviors, no exception.
The price hikes in 2007-2008 were due, for example, to intermediate restrictions + Andy Sue's withdrawal, and the price rise in 2017 was due to Bassov's force majeure. In addition to the behavior caused by supply-side disturbances, the price of the product has been in the vicinity of the cost line for years, and we expect to wait for Disman and Cap.
After the creation of the joint venture, the pattern of competition in the sector will improve considerably, with the product price hub, vitamine, being used mainly for exports, and the domestic pigpest, which has less impact, mainly for exports, and the positive growth of exports, which will help to reduce the impact of the African pigpest.
Vitamine is mainly used in feed and food medicine, where feed is the main application, with demand accounting for about 70%. While the spread of the African pigpest has put pressure on domestic demand, as the company has been used mainly for exports, good growth in exports has helped to reduce the incidence of the African pigpest.
1.4 Vitamins a: Raw materials, technology-building competitive barriers, the advantages of the integrated industrial chain highlight that the key to the 1.4.1 process is the combination of raw materials, lemon formaldehyde, and the advantages of the integrated industrial chain are evident. The technical barriers to the vitamina process are high.
Both the roche process and the basf process, respectively. The supply of vitamina raw materials is monopolized, and the advantage of the integrated industrial chain is evident. Both the roche and the balof process require the use of beta-violet ketone, which is made of lemon formaldehyde.
There are three companies in the world that produce lemon formaldehyde, Basque, Shinzo and Coke, of which Basque is in absolute position, accounting for nearly 80 per cent of the total, is the main supplier of Andesou and Kindaway, and new and manufactured lemondehyde is capable of satisfying its own vitamina production, new and well integrated.
The stability of the supply of raw materials, especially lemon formaldehyde, is an important factor influencing the price trends in the industry. Looking back at the historical history of vitamina over the past decade, the species has experienced four waves of larger levels.
It's a price increase for the products that result from the supply-side shock, in which the supply contracted due to the shortage of lemon formaldehyde is of greater concern to the industry: so we believe that the stability of the supply of raw materials, especially lemon formaldehyde, is one of the major factors affecting the price movement of the industry. If an enterprise is able to match the ability to produce lemon formalde, it can not only do so.
Increasing the control capacity of the industry would also reduce production costs and the impact of fluctuations in raw materials on subsistence products.
The Vitamina industry is highly concentrated, the expansion comes from the top, and the pattern of competition in the industry is expected to continue. There are six manufacturers globally, new and new, Tesman, Bassov, Andisu, Zhejiang Medicine and Kindaway, which have remained stable for more than a decade due to high-tech barriers in the industry, although the pattern of competition in the industry has remained stable for over a decade.
There is still expansion in the industry, but we believe it is possible to continue with the monopolistic patterns of the industry, in particular: first, the industrial flagship process, which has been optimized for decades, has created high process barriers and cost advantages; second, the industry, despite its expansion, is still generating new production capacity, which remains the same;
After that, the demand of the industry was rigid, the pre-existing firms had established their own niche markets, and it would become increasingly difficult for new entrants to break the ecological balance. 1.4.3 The exports of corporate products were larger and the volume of exports increased significantly to reduce the incidence of African pigs.
The export of corporate products is significant, and a significant increase in export volumes has helped to reduce the impact of the African pigpest: vitamina downstream is dominated by three major categories: feed industry, pharmaceutical health products, and food and beverage cosmetics, of which more than 70% of the demand comes from the feed industry.
The pig-breeding industry, which puts pressure on domestic demand for pig feed and vitamins, but in the case of the new Union, because about half of the va is exported and this year va exports are in good shape, we believe that a significant increase in va exports will help to reduce the impact of the pigpest on the new and adult vas.
Figure 26: Export acceleration in China v. 1.5 Ethyl acid in 2019: Anti-dumping offers industry opportunities to accelerate the expansion of production for monopolistic markets. Ethioamino acid is the essential amino acid that most organisms grow and is used extensively in the field of fodder.
Acid is the key amino acid required for the growth of a vast range of organisms, and it is associated with the metabolism of various sulfur compounds in the organism. Traditional feed materials are mainly corn, soybean, but in bean, the content of pyre amino acid is scarce and it is difficult to satisfy the large numbers of downstream breeders during the growth process.
Growing consumption, so that EA is used mainly as feed additives in the field of feed. 1.5.1 Extended production accelerated shuffling. Consistency pattern continues.  High concentration of the global market for EA, with international manufacturers leading the industry price.
High production and technical barriers, very limited number of firms in the market, with no more than 10 firms with the technology to produce ecstasy, out of which winners, Andy Su, Noveyce and their friends occupy about 80% or more of the market and dominate the world’s major markets for ecstasy.
The post-partum ratio of cr4 is still over 80% and oligopoly patterns are expected to continue. 1.5.2 Demand is growing steadily, and the influence of the pigpest is gradually diminishing.
The first restriction on amino acid for producing animals, cows, etc., is the second restriction on amino acid for pigs, which should be used more widely in the field of downstream feed applications in poultry, aquaculture and dairy farming, along with structural changes in the country ' s protein consumption and consumption of poultry and dairy products.
There is still room for a sustained increase, while, with the success of the improvement of the slow release of the pyre amino acid, the pyre amino acid is gradually becoming rapidly permeable in aquaculture to form a partial replacement for feed such as fish powder. Since 2014, global demand for pyre amino acid has continued to grow at about 6% of the market demand for a long time.
With the continued development of the country’s livestock industry, the growth of pyre amino acid as the main feed additive will continue to be relatively stable for a long time. Since 2019, the pigpest has contributed to a sharp decline in the country’s living pig stock, driving pig feed and additives.
Demand also drops sharply. As a necessity for amino acid, the application of pygmino acid is more concentrated in poultry, fish farming, less affected by downstream demand decline than lysine, but since the beginning of the year, it has been affected by both supply and demand, and product prices have continued to decline.
1.5.3 The import substitution space is huge, and if anti-dumping is established, the price of the product is expected to rise to the bottom. The domestic farming industry is relatively dispersed, and market demand is dominated by solid pygmy amino acid.
L-Egg amino acid is re-absorbed. While liquid eggs have a good advantage in feed configuration, processing, etc., they can effectively reduce costs, also because of the liquid state, which requires the addition of liquid-added systems and storage devices during the use of the product, fixed asset input costs are relatively high.
High. Unlike larger farming bases in developed countries abroad, the markets for poultry, aquaculture, pigs, etc. are very fragmented, relatively small and some regions have irregular farming cycles, so the use of liquid protein is relatively small in our country, with a market penetration of slightly more than 20 per cent and 60 per cent in the more developed countries.
The share of domestic production capacity is limited, and market demand is still heavily dependent on the import of products. However, after many years of development, the domestic supply of ecstasy is still inadequate, and by 2018 it was only about 300,000 tons.
Pin amino acid production, of which only half produces solid protein amino acid, is far from meeting the domestic demand for solid eggs and amino acid products. Over the years, our products have been dependent on the import of products, and in 2018 we imported about 169,000 tons of pyre amino acid, mainly solid, which supplies more than half of the country’s solid eggs.
On April 10, 2019, the State accepted an application for an anti-dumping investigation on behalf of the domestic ecstasy industry and decided to conduct an anti-dumping investigation on imports of ecstasy originating in Singapore, Malaysia and Japan.
The products examined were more explicit, mainly solid-state products, and given the high concentration of the world ' s markets, it was reasonable to conclude that the products originating from the Singapore, Malaysia and Japan were mainly those produced by the winning Singapore, Shije Malaysia and Japanese factories of friends.
About 67 per cent of our imports in 2017 came from more than three countries, with a very high market share, and if an anti-dumping investigation were established, it would have had a greater impact on the import of our products, especially those in solid form.
If anti-dumping is established, the price of the product is expected to rise again. According to the duration of this anti-dumping investigation, the final results of the anticipated investigation will be published by April 2020. If anti-dumping is established, it can be expected that domestic production capacity will be inadequate, imported international products will be affected, and the price center of the test will be expected.
▪ The company has steadily expanded the production capacity of solid-state protein amino acid, with long-term planning taking over the domestic market. The company is one of the few producing companies in the country that supplies it, currently owns 50,000 tons of solid-state condensate, and is scheduled to add 100,000 tons of solid eggs in the fourth quarter of 2019. The city has limited domestic production capacity.
While demand remains heavily dependent on imports, the rapid release of the company’s productive capacity and the opportunities offered by anti-dumping, the public administration is expected to accelerate the seizure of the domestic solid egg market, with double price increases.
Acid is a relatively high-quality disaggregated variety, as evidenced by the fact that the liquid egg competition pattern is better than solid eggs, with only three producers currently producing liquid eggs, Andy Sou, Noves and friends, and as many as eight producers producing solid eggs; the second is that the company plans to perform better than solid eggs in the fourth quarter of 2020.
With an additional 150,000 tons of liquid egg production, the gradual release of production will help the company to cut into this area of disaggregation. 1.6 Fragrances: the variety of products is increasing and the share of business is increasing.
Modern high-tech extraction or blending of aromatic mixtures, such as tactile separation and deep-processing techniques, is a quality that can be smelled or tasted in the native ecology of nature and is the main ingredient for the formulation of fragrance.
1.6.1 The global pattern of competition is highly concentrated, China is expected to increase its concentration, and there are great opportunities in high-end markets  the global pattern of fragrances is highly monopolized. The core of the fragrances is mainly in reprogramming techniques and high technical barriers, resulting in a higher concentration of industries, with foreign firms occupying a major share of the industry.
The top 10 production firms had a share of 78.73%, the head company Wachton's global market share was as high as the concentration of our fragrance industry, the foreign occupation of high-end markets, and the competition of low-end markets. We had more than 1,000 spices, mostly small and medium-sized enterprises, and research and development investments.
There's a gap between the number of people who enter, and the number of people who make the fine recipes, on the one hand, and the number of people who do the same, on the other hand, we have a slow growth process, with most of our products concentrated in low- and medium-level markets. There are many kinds of spices, the core of which is chemical production technology, which, taken together, is a variety of product production techniques.
In the short term, the pattern of low concentration and concentration in lower-middle-to-low markets will continue, but in the long run, the fragrance product will be renewed.
At a faster pace, with higher demands on enterprise R & D, industrialized and scalding enterprises will have strong competitive advantages. As global fragrance production moves from developed to developing countries, our fragrance enterprises will face great opportunities and future product structures will move from a “single” to a “single” type.
The fragrances are divided into daily fragrances and food fragrances. The fragrances are mainly used in food additives, 33% of which are for beverages.
As the global economy expands, the potential for growth in emerging markets is enormous. As the global economy grows, the consumer consumption levels are rising, the quality of food and commodities is becoming more demanding, and the fragrance industry is growing rapidly, with a global market for fragrances of 24.5 billion United States dollars as of 2016.
The size of our market is RMB 66.9 billion. In terms of consumption, Asian markets are the largest consumer of fragrances, accounting for about 41.28% of the global market, and demand for fragrances is expected to grow steadily in the future as demand in emerging markets continues to grow.
There is a strong synergy between spice products and a positive enrichment of product groups. The company started in 2009 with a large scaffolding of fragrance plates, and, after years of effort, now has a series of fragrance products, of which aromaticol produces 10,000 tons, the second highest in the world, with lemon acrylic production of 8,000 tons, all of them.
The ball is ranked second, 600 tons, or 30%, of folicol production. On the profit side, fragrance plates expand each year the hunting of other products, and in the future will add new phenol production, and the fragrance products will continue to grow, and phenol will be divided into methyl and ethyl malt, both of which are fragrances.
There are different characteristics, different flavours, and so the scope of application varies, and there is virtually no substitution between products. Ethylphenol is better than methylphenol for spice use, so ethyl maltphenol is used as spice than methyl maltphenol for spice use.
More broadly, ethyl malt phenol has a melting point of 90°C, and methyl phenol has a melting point of 160°C, so that methyl phenol can be used in bakery products. In addition, methyl phenol is used more frequently in the mestizo system.
With the impact of the safety environment, the price of maltphenols presents an opportunity for the industry.
In response to the impact of the safety environment, the price of malt phenols has risen dramatically, and the safety environment has contributed to the development of the industry, bringing about new and new opportunities for the industry, actively promoting the layout, and the company will grow to 9,000 tons of capacity each year.
There is a steady supply of productive capacity, creating oligarchic patterns.
Founded in 1999 and listed on the mid-sized board in June 2004. The company focused on fine engineering, maintaining an innovation-driven approach, focusing on organic synthesis technology, expanding its product lines and now forms four major business plates: nutrients, fragrances, new materials, and raw materials, which became the world's four largest.
One of the Vitamin Production Enterprises, which has been developed in the field of vitamins, fragrances, egg amino acid and new materials, can be divided into three phases: 1991-2008: layout around the vitamin industry chain.
The new product, Oxygen fork, was developed in 1994 to open the vitamin e chain. Currently, the company has 10,000 tons of vitamina production capacity, ranking first globally, 20,000 tons of vitamin eacetic oil production and 16.7 per cent of the market.
2009-2013: In the area of fragrance, the company began to accelerate the area of fragrance, using synergies between the industrial chain and the market. At present, the global market size of the company's aromatic and yolk products ranged from 25 to 40 per cent.
From 2013 to the present: comprehensive development, from a breakdown of the tap to a comprehensive programme solution supplier. Nutritional side, company production of ecstasy in 2017, closer to downstream terminals. For fragrance, companies are constantly enriching their product lines, and, in a combination, they are committed to becoming nutrients and fragrances.
In addition, the company relied on strong R & D power to break down the pps project, creating its own know-how, targeting 5,000 tonnes of pps and 1,000 tonnes of pa at production, and opening up new development paths in new materials.
Figure 47: New and positive growth pathways 2014: 5000 tons of pps, 1,000 tons of ppa in production 2017: first stage of production of ecstasy, pps II
2010: 600 tons of raspberry ketone in production, v--
1991: Oxygen mooring, conversion to production, 1994: break-through.
2011: 900 tons of yolkol, 3,000 tons of dihydromethrin 1996: isoplant, aromatic industrialization Litone meth ester production
1997: trimethylhydrazine in production 2012:ve new production line II, isopaldehyde in production 2000:va in production
2013-to date: Integrated service platform developed 2005: va palm acid, vd3, aromatic acetyl alcohol resin, β-violinone
2006: Shrimp erythrin, beta-carat herbs, 1991-2008: improved industry of superior vitamin varieties 2.2. Corporate performance increased steadily, with a gradual increase in the share of fragrances
In terms of profits, the company’s net profits are more cyclical, mainly because of the volatility in the price cycles of the company’s related products, such as vitamins. Nutrition provides elastic profits, and spices contribute to stabilizing profit growth drivers.
The product contributes to the elastic portion of the company’s profits, while the increase in the fragrance of the fragrance is more stable, contributing to the stable part of the company’s profits. The company’s business of fragrances has grown rapidly over the years, its earnings and its share of the fragrance have been rising steadily, and its prices of fragrances have fluctuated less than those of nutrients, fragrances, and are expected to follow the fragrance in the future.
The share of spices is rising, and corporate profits are more stable. Chart 49: Mother-to-child net profits: four major production bases, four major plates are gradually taking shape. The company now owns the new concubine, the high-risk, Shandong, the black.
Four major production bases for the Yongjiang River. The main base for Nishighang is for raw materials and nutrition; the main base camp for Xinjin, for nutrients and new materials; the main base base for Shandong, for fragrances, for pine amino acids; and the main camp for biological fermentation products in Heilongji.
3. Multidimensional layout of the industrial chain, which is expected to become an integrated solution supplier in the future, 3.1 extension of the industrial chain, sharing of distribution channels, and the multidimensional enrichment of the product categories in the nutrition business of the company, continuous extension of the industrial chain, close to downstream end
End-of-life clients, improving the integrated competitiveness of this area, are expected to become suppliers of integrated solutions in the future. In the fragrance area, companies are constantly enriching their product lines by means of the new malt phenol project.
In addition, in 2018, the company chose to invest in a biological fermentation project in the Heilong River, where the residues of the project can feed. The co-benefits of the new and into-sales canals have greatly reduced marketing costs and the marketing of new products.
In the case of nutrient plates, the company produces a series of products such as vitamin e, vitamin acetic acid, amphiphatic acid, and beta-carotin, which form a cost advantage in individual small products, following a series of reactions based on the chemical base material, such as acetone and acetylene.
3.2 R & D is the building block of corporate growth, starting with R & D, which is stronger than R & D: looking at the evolution of the company, R & D has always been the spear of corporate development, and since its inception, the company has focused on R & D, innovation and breakthroughs, and has accumulated over the years, the company and the company.
In terms of basic R & D and product industrialization, companies are the first in the country to break the foreign monopoly on vitamins a, vitamin e, and pps. In addition, companies undertake a number of national projects, and the time required to finalize projects is much less than normal.
Compared to competitors, companies have invested heavily in R & D, with R & D intensity remaining at over 5%, and sustained high-intensity R & D inputs providing a good basis for the company’s development. Building on powerful R & D platforms to transplant a number of core technologies.
Products are interconnected, and a breakthrough in a new technology could be applied to the expansion of a variety of products, such as: in 2008, the company ' s methadone response to the c4 compound, along with the process upgrading of the application to vitamine and the production of fragrance spices, reached a synergetic extension.
3.3 Building on the advantages of research and development to extend the new materials business Since 2003, in order to expand the scope of its operations and plan for the development of new high-molecular material plates, the company initially identified high-value-added polysulfur ethers (pps) and anti-high-temperature nylons (ppa) materials.
pps have such advantages as high mechanical strength, high temperature resistance, chemical resistance, good thermal stability, good electrical performance, and the ability of pa to maintain its superior mechanical traits - strength, hardness, fatigue and resistance to virulence in a wide range of temperature and high humidity. After years of development, companies are experimenting,
As a crystallized high molecular thermal plastic, pps are widely used in areas such as environmental protection, automobiles, electronics, petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, aerospace, etc.
Large, but we have a low level of apps technology, and we have very different product types and high-end products from abroad. Our output, while growing year by year, does not meet the growth in demand, and the gap remains large, especially with regard to high-end products.
Figure 63: pps supply and demand (tonnes) is currently concentrated in a few countries, such as China, Japan and the United States. Japan is the largest producer of pps, with production capacity accounting for 47.7% of the world ' s total, and is expected to be in the future, with the result that it will be able to produce more.
The company’s continuous breakthrough in R & D innovation in this area is expected to lead to import substitution for its operations.IV. Investment advice and profit forecasting  We believe that one of the company’s core competitiveness lies in efficient R & D capabilities and a well-developed R & D community.
The company’s multi-dimensional industrial chain, which is expected to become a supplier of integrated solutions in the future.
At present, the company is actively refining its product layout and is expected to become the next Tesman. On the demand side: the non-continental pigpest has gradually diminished in its influence, and we believe that the pig demand has entered the bottom zone and the demand has hit the bottom.
The probability of a bottom up is gradually increasing: in addition, a significant increase in vitamin exports can partly affect the impact of a pigpest in Africa. In terms of products: Vitamin a: the industry has increased production, but the situation continues, and high profitability is expected to be sustained.
In addition, there is a large share of exports of corporate products, and a significant increase in export volumes has contributed to reducing the number of African pigs and plagues Vitamine: industry expansion is nearing its end, the competitive pattern of dsm integration is expected to improve significantly and the prices of products are now at the bottom of history, and the prices of products are expected to rise significantly.
Moreover, the company’s products are mainly for export, and the positive growth in exports has helped to reduce the impact of the African pigpest. Ethioamine: the industry has expanded its output, but the post-partum share of cr4 is still more than 80%.
The break pattern is expected to continue. Due to high production and technical barriers, the supply of ecstasy is still inadequate, import substitution space is huge, product prices are expected to fall back if anti-dumping is established, and companies are expanding their hunt for other products, adding new malt phenol production in the future.
The fragrance products will continue to be enriched. New material plates: the company currently owns 15,000 tonnes/year of pps and 1,000 tonnes/year of pa can be gradually released, and the plate is expected to become a new profit growth point for the company.
▪ Nutritional plate: affected by African pigpest, vitamin demand was affected in 2019, needs to start recovering in 2020 and needs to return to 2018 levels in 2021.
In summary, we believe that in the short and medium term, the va is expected to remain strong, ve to slow cattle, anti-dumping eggs, and the center of amino acid: in the long run, over 10 billion investments in construction and new upper cyclonometrics are expected to grow in the future. My analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment