Energy-for-technology (600183) Electronics, leading the global coatings, recovery of industry-led profits repair, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
2. The company ' s high-frequency high-speed coatings core performance has been compared to its own overseas leader, and will benefit from an increase in the share of the global 5g base building and the eaglestream replacement cycle. The company ' s price of raw materials, such as fabrics and copper, in the special base market has put cost pressure on the company as a whole.
The price spreads are bad, and the 22q3 Māori rate has slipped to its lowest level in almost five years. According to our industry research, there is limited room for upstream fluctuations in raw materials, and the price of the corrosion plate has stabilized, and we believe that the Māori rate is now at the bottom level, and that the Māori rate will be followed by lower prices of raw materials or a recovery in demand cycles.
The construction of three production bases is going well, and the new capacity is expected to be released in 2023. The company, Guangdong Songshan Lake, is eight-year, billion square metres. According to our calculations, the new plant will open up more than $2.5 billion in new annual production space for the company.
In the high-speed area, the company's s6s6n product has been able to decoup a high-end series of m6/m7ne products, and in the next 2-3 years, it's 8th.
In the medium-to-long term, the company’s technical strength in the high-frequency high-speed area is expected to rise to 6.6 per cent of the global market for specialized copper caps.
With adequate planning, high-frequency high-speed products are expected to contribute continuously to the nationalization of downstream copper plates, and the growth in performance is certainly more characterization, and we believe that companies should enjoy a certain value premium. We give companies 90/93/98/0 per cent of their capacity in 2023. On the price side, the average price for ccl products in 2021 is 114 yuan/m2.
Since 2022, the copper-plate industry has been under considerable pressure from up-front commodity price increases and depressed downstream demand. Markets tend to be cautious about corporate profitability, but we believe that Māori is now at the bottom of the cycle, with companies recovering from demand cycles in the medium to long term passing pressure on the cost of raw materials downstream, and profit ends have greater scope for restoration.
In the future, the company’s business layout will focus on a number of major core points: 1) the company’s total planned additional capacity of approximately 22.6 million m2 per year, with adequate future capacity planning; 2) the company’s core parameters for products in the high-frequency high-speed area in recent years.
Having managed to level overseas flagships and break a domestic monopoly on overseas technology, we will continue to benefit in the coming years from the rising share of high-end products in downstream customers. On the basis of these considerations, we believe that companies have a strong position in the global flagship market, product structure, asset end in the copper plate area.
We believe that the company’s current profitability is at the bottom of the cycle, and that future profit recovery will lead to a return in valuation, based on the analysis above, which we believe that companies are entitled to more than industry companies.
The demand for the coatings is not as high as expected, the capacity is not as high as expected, and the high-speed coating customers are not imported as expected.
1.1 Company Profile: In the field of deep-deep copper sheeting, technology and customer resource accumulation for many years, technology and technology was founded in 1985 as a global supplier of electronic circuit-based cores for R & D, production, marketing, and service as one. Companies are mainly engaged in the design, production and sale of copper sheeting, stickers, and printed circuit boards, and can now be realized from
Mainly producing high-end electrical sub-materials such as coatings, semi-stabilized sheets, insulation presses, metal-based copper slabs, coatings of copper, and overlaying membranes. Company products are used downstream mainly to produce singles, double-faced circuit boards and high multi-layer circuit boards, and are widely applied to 5g antennas, communications bases, large computers, high-end servers, aerospace industries, chip envelopes, auto electrons, intelligence.
Technology maintains a leading edge, and downstream clients have accumulated significant resources. Corporations have accumulated strong skills, operating management advantages, and have taken the lead in the industry through management systems such as Iso9001, Iso14001, Iso/ts16949 and bs7799.
With years of intensive collaboration with downstream clients, the company’s main products have been certified by international, nationally recognized firms such as Bo, Sony, Philips, and the competitive advantage of products in a wide range of countries and regions in the Americas, Europe, South Korea, Japan, and South-East Asia.
The stock structure of the company is fragmented, and the local State Treasury is a major shareholder. The stock structure of the company is fragmented and there is currently no absolute control over it.
Figure 1: The stock structure of the company 2022q3 The company's main business consists mainly of: a brass plate and a sticker; and a printed circuit board consisting of two parts:
In terms of revenue structure, 2022h1 companies achieved operating income of $7.280 billion for copper and glue sheets, a decline of 8.3 per cent, or 81 per cent, and 1.73 billion for printed circuit boards, an increase of 6.5 per cent, or 19 per cent.
In terms of the Māori structure, the Māori rate for the company ' s copper cover and glue business in 2022h1 was 22.66%, down by the same year, up by 3.6 pp, with Māori at 18%.
A rapid upswing of 68.4 per cent has been observed, mainly as a result of upturns in product prices; as of 2022 q3, the erosion of corporate homecoming and the downside recession have led to poor price transmission, and a sharp drop in net sales interest rates has led to a sharp increase in the company’s roe level of 10,000 yuan, with a rapid growth in per capita income-generation indicators.
1.2.4 Quality of profitability: Receivables management strengthens the stability of operating cash flows
At $1.91 billion, an increase of 69.0% over the same period last year. In the context of the down-cycle, the company began to strengthen the management of its accounts receivable and the cash flow of its operations rose. 2) Net present ratio: Net now is still below 1.0 per cent for the period 2018-2021, indicating a company 2 industry analysis: the mainland of China is the main producer of ccl, with high end categories to break through.
2.1 Industry profile: pcb core material, product upgrade to high-frequency high-speed class
Insulation and back-up play a decisive role in the transmission speed, energy loss, and identity resistance in pcb products. The copper sheet is an important building block in the development of the global electronics industry, which is applied directly downstream in the manufacture of pcb, and eventually, on the surface, with electronic components, etc., and is widely applied in a wide range of fields, such as computers, mobile phones, communications, aerospace, automobiles, etc.
There are more types of splits, fr-4 being the main demand in the industry. By classification, caps can be distinguished by mechanical rigidity, which, by enhanced material, can be divided into products such as fibreclothing, paper-based, combustible, and special types. In 2021, caps were still the dominant demand in the market (85.8%), with fibreclothed copper.
The fr-4 is the industry’s main current demand; the scratching sheet is relatively small (6.0%), but the share of the scratching sheet has been rising steadily in recent years as mobile phones and wearables drive up the volume. On the cost end, ccl is sensitive to the price of upstream materials, and raw materials account for more than 90% of the cost.
Upstream, consisting mainly of raw materials such as bronze, pulp, synthetic resins and electronic fibrecloths, which account for about 90 per cent of the cost of coatings, with bronze beams, resins, fibrecloths accounting for 42 per cent, 26 per cent and 19 per cent of the cost, respectively, and are more sensitive to price fluctuations in upstream raw materials. Large commodity price fluctuations will therefore have a direct impact on the cost of production and the Māori ratio of products produced by the rollers.
Figure 14: Cost splits in 2021. Trends in industry. Lead-free, high-frequency high-speed, lightweight trends in industry. Currently, the ccl sector is driven by the demand for environmental protection policies, 5g communications, smart and wearing equipment, and has no halogen, high-frequency high-speed, lightly reduced into the industry ' s future.
1) Lead-free non-halogenation: The EU introduced restrictions on the use of products containing lead and halogen elements in 2006 for environmental reasons, and lead-free non-halogenization of coatings has gradually become the dominant global trend. The non-lead-based copper sheeting requires a higher heat-resistance requirement because of the need for higher heating temperatures for welding. Non-halogenization is required for flame retardants, resin formulations.
Adjusting, the manufacturer needs more time to accumulate experience to stabilize the copper sheet performance. HF velocity: a significant increase in bandwidth and transmission rates for 5g communications has created a higher demand for the copper board electrical performance, requiring low dk and low df in order to reduce signal decay, and equal thickness for the copper sheet medium.
Sex creates higher requirements to meet characteristic resistance to precision control and signal integrity. Lightening: with smartphones, wearable equipment upgraded, miniaturization, high density becoming the mainstream of equipment, equipment imposes higher requirements for thinning, process stability, and processability to meet downstream requirements.
High-level production demand for pcb and hdi sheeting. The main demand is the market for fr-4 downstream conventional and special base sheet coatings, with fr-4/special base sheet downstream share in 2021 at 33/32 per cent. Non-halogenated fr-4, paper-based and composite base sheet, and high tgfr-4 at 15/12 per cent, respectively.
The demand for special bases in the market is rising year by year, driven mainly by demand for high-frequency, high-speed and encapsulation base plate products in the areas of communications, servers, hpc, etc., while the rest is relatively stable. The high-frequency high-speed plates are the main current trend in the industry.
High-frequency copper panels usually operate at frequencies above 5 ghz and require ultra-low-depletion properties, while high-speed copper sheets require performance indicators such as high signal transmission, high-specific resistance, low signal dispersion, low-depletion. Low-media constants (dk) and low-median wear and tear (df) are key to achieving high-frequency high-speeds.
Downstream pcb market structure: communications and computers dominate the main demand, and cars and servers provide incremental space. From the copper market structure, 33/32 per cent of the demand was in 2020 for conventional fr-4 and special base sheets.
The main areas of application are 32/24/15/10/10% respectively. In the next 1-3 years, growth in the area of communications will be determined mainly by the construction progress of 5 g overseas, which will underpin the demand for high-frequency coatings; computers, consumer electronics have the highest downstream penetration and future growth will be smoother; and the areas of automobile electronics, servers, etc., are relatively strong.
2.2 Industry Growth Dynamics: Focusing on the downstream growth of new energy vehicles, servers, etc. pcb, 2.2.1 pcb chain transfer drive up the local demand for ccl. The global market of $80.9 billion in pcb industry in 2021 has remained stable overall.
The global pcb market, with a size of $54.2 billion in 2016, grew to $80.9 billion in 2021, with a five-year compound growth rate of 8.6 per cent between 2017 and 2021, showing a steady overall growth trend, with weak trade frictions and weak mobile phone demand in 2019 leading to a small decline in industry and high growth in 2021, driven by a global lack of core.
Low-cost and industrial chain advantages drive the rise of the continent’s pcb industry, and the rise of the local ccl industry. China’s mainland pcb market was $27.1 billion in 2016, grew to $43.6 billion in 2021, with a five-year compound growth rate of 10.0% between 2017 and 2021, faster than the global increase.
ccl manufacturers benefit from the rapid rise of the pcb chain of industry, with advantages such as cost, logistics, and home-grown services. Figure 18: Size of the pcb industry in mainland China, 2016-2021, with a steady rise in the share of production in mainland China at a global market of $18.8 billion ccl
The global ccl industry market of $18.8 billion in 2021 showed an overall upward trend in the cycle. According to Prismark, the global market size of the ccl market in 2009 was $6.8 billion, rising to $18.8 billion in 2021, and the cycle and demand-side outbreak during the period 2010-2021 was the main driving force of the previous cycle.
In 2021, China’s mainland ccl sector produced $13.9 billion, with cost advantages and industrial chain support in the mainland ccl sector growing at a rate of 12.5% over the seven years, faster than the global rate, rising from 62% to 74% globally. China’s continental ccl industry emerged largely as a result of the demand for indigenous overcrackers driven by the global shift of the pcb industry to the mainland.
The leading industry in the 5g base station area has also contributed to some extent to the upgrading of the local ccl to the high-frequency high-speed area.2.2.3 Communications: the 5g market recovery abroad is expected to drive high-frequency ccl demand and the 5g construction cycle is the main driving force behind the growth of pcb in this round of communication.
Products such as mobile phones, base stations, switchboards, routers, etc. The demand for downstream high-speed, high-frequency type pcb products has been driven by the current 5g demand. According to Prismark, the market size for global communications pcb was $14.8 billion in 2016, rising to $22.7 billion in 2021 and a five-year compound increase of 8.9% between 2017 and 2021, and pcb accounted for 2.7% of the total output of the downstream communications market.
The short-term dimension has an incremental space, but the domestic communications market has reached the end of its five-g base station construction. The construction of the 5g model began in 2019, and the construction cycle of the 5g is gradually ending in 2019, depending on the amount of investment and the number of installations. The current cycle of the 5g cycle or peak in 23 years or so. The short-term dimension, based on data from datayes, predicts that the Chinese base station will be 2022-2023.
The number of new installations is expected to increase by 20.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the increase in the number of base stations will continue to drive the growth of the telecommunications industry, pcb. At medium- and long-term dimensions, the construction of the 5g building cycle has come to an end, and, based on our industry studies, the urban coverage of the microstations and the upgrading of the old base stations will lead to a steady decline in demand in the communications sector.
There is still some room for growth in overseas 5g base stations. In the area of communications 5g, although there has been a gradual reduction in incremental demand, there is still room for building 5g base stations overseas in the global dimension. In specific sub-regions, according to industry studies, the penetration of 5g in Europe and the United States, Japan and Korea, etc., has reached a certain level, South-East Asia, etc., remains low, and South-East Asia in the future.
The region’s 5g construction will be the main incremental market. 2.2.4 Automobiles: single-car pcb boosts the demand for rigid copper sheets Auto-electric and intelligently drive the demand for bicycle pcb. With the rise of new energy cars around the world, cars are gradually growing.
Euros/cars, full-power new-energy vehicle pcbs worth about $1,500/cars or more, and new-energy vehicle pcb needs are rising. According to Prismark, the production value of the car area pcb in 2016 was $4.9 billion, it grew to 6.8 billion in 2021, and the need for the vehicle sector pcb is expected to rise steadily.
In China, new energy cars sold amounted to 3.52 million vehicles a year, and in 2025 they were expected to reach 12.96 million, with a combined increase of 38.5% between 2022 and 2025, maintaining a high rate of growth overall since 2021. Automobiles have become electric, intelligent, and rapidly growing, with an increase in the demand for electronic parts and components in the electronics sector, and high-quality copper plates driven by vehicle safety and stability.
2.2.5 The consumer electronics: increased cyclical volatility, increased mid- and long-term increase in emissions of iot, and the medium- and long-term dimensions of arvr are expected to drive new demand increases. 2016 consumer electronics
The market value of the area pcb was $7.3 billion, growing to $9.8 billion in 2021, with a five-year compound increase of 5.4 per cent between 2017 and 2021 at a rate of 2.6 per cent relative to industry output in 2021, with products from the downstream consumer market consisting mainly of electrical brain, tablet, garbable equipment, smart households, arvr, etc., where traditional consumer electronics are gradually entering the stock market.
The short-term growth space for industry comes mainly from growth in the area of connectivity, such as access to equipment, smart homes, etc. In addition to the medium- and long-term dimensions, it is also possible to see that arvr has the same growth space.
While mobile phone loads are under downward pressure, smart households and wearing equipment will continue to maintain a high profile, with an increase of about 17/19% per year in 2022, depending on the number of idc, providing an important growth driver in the consumer electronics sector. The market for smart households and apparable equipment is promising, and will continue to drive demand for scratchy copper plates in the future.
In 2022, Chinese smart-house equipment is projected to reach 260 million, in 2026 it will reach 500 million, in 2023-2026 it will increase by 19.4 per cent, and in 2021 it will be available on the Chinese Bluetooth Headphones market.
The market, in the future, will drive demand for scratchy copper sheets. Servers: replace high-speed ccl demand, focus on increasing replacement value. Technological developments such as artificial intelligence, big data, etc. will drive demand in the server area.
The gradual development of technologies such as cloud computing, and the increase in data volumes, has led to increased demand in the server sector, leading to the growth of pcb. In the future, arithmetic upgrading and increased data flow are inevitable trends in intelligence, so we believe that the long-term need for server construction in the future is more certain.
The market is expected to reach $111.7 billion in 2022. According to counterpoint data, the global service market is expected to reach $111.7 billion in 2022, an increase of 17.0% over the same period.
During the year, affected by the epidemic’s disruption of supply chains and demand, there is a shortage of chip supply chains, and the demand for high-speed coatings will increase significantly with the launch of the eaglestream platform in 2023 after 2022. Intel’s new generation service platform is expected to be launched in 2023, when the upgrading of servers in global dimensions will drive demand for high-speed coatings.
Releases. The demand for a new generation eaglestream server platform, pcle 5.0, has been upgraded to the ultralowlos level, and, according to industry studies, pcie 5.0 demand for high-speed coatings has risen by about 20-30% over the previous generation of platforms.
2.3 Competition patterns: Industry is highly concentrated, with China mainland and Taiwan’s plants as major players accounting for 55% of the global copper sheet industry, and industry is more concentrated. According to Prismark, the market share is 17.13%/12% for the construction of the tiles, for profit technology, and for plastics from South Asia, the world’s top three copper sheeters.
The pattern is that the market for the brassboard sector is more concentrated, with a cr5 of 55%. China’s main global copper-plate industry is in mainland China and Taiwan.
Of these, China occupies eight, four are located in Taiwan, four in mainland China, and the product structure is dominated by flexible, multi-layered, and hdi products. High-frequency high-speed copper is supplied mainly in the United States of America, and high-end domestic products are still in critical need of breakthroughs.
According to business, US manufacturer Rogers is strong in this area, he controls the world’s main high-frequency high-curved copper supply, and Japanese producers have a clear advantage in the high-speed copper-plating sector. China’s continental producers have entered late, and are now making some breakthroughs in high-speed high-frequency areas, such as technology, new materials in South Asia, and new materials in Huazheng, but the country is still highly dependent on overseas manufacturers for imports, and there is much room for substitution in the future.
High-frequency high-speed coatings core barriers: allocation of resin materials. The high-frequency high-speed coatings core requires low-media constants and low-median electrical losses, the key technical difficulty of which is the use of resin materials. Usually, high-frequency high-speed copper plates produce high-temperature disruptions to dk stability, and industry usually achieves dk from optimal improvements in resin materials.
Stability, so that the material know-how is one of the core barriers to the industry. 3 Company analysis: whole-class layout of the copper sheet, with greater certainty about future growth, 3.1 product presentation: domestic ccl taps. Products are steadily expanding to high-frequency high-speed
The structure of the product is well-structured and the high-frequency high-speed area is advancing steadily. There is currently a deep technological build-up in the field of high-end electronic materials such as coatings, semi-stabilized tablets, insulation, layered presses, metal-based copper slabs, coatings of copper and coatings. Products have reached global-class levels of stability, performance, reliability, etc., and are widely used downstream for household power, mobile phones, cars, etc.
Computers and a variety of medium- and high-end electronics. At present, companies have access to high-quality and stable chains of world-class Tier1 manufacturers, such as Bo, to high-frequency high-speed materials in the supply of medium-sung, international-class manufacturers such as Intel, and to production technologies that have become global-class, with a deep accumulation of downstream customer resources.
The country’s six major production bases, with a high production capacity of 120 million square metres per year, are now in place. The company’s six major production bases, in Guangdong, Xanxi, Suzhou, Changdu, Jiangsu, Jiangxi and Jiangxi, are now 120 million square metres per year, with Guangdong contributing 50% of the production capacity. The company’s product structure is well structured and covers the Congo.
In recent years, high-frequency high-speed copper sheet products have been active, leading companies to move steadily towards high-end. Production planning is full of steady expansion, with 22.6 million m2 of capacity to be released.
The three production bases for income-generating, long-term and long-term income-generating activities have steadily advanced the expansion of production capacity, with 22.6 million square metres of future production expected to be released after the completion of the post-partum period, an increase of 15.0% compared to the current production capacity. Three of the three projects were connected to 2022q3 and were launched, and eight and two phases were expected to be operational at 2023q1 in Guangdong Songshan Lake, combined with a one-to-two-year capacity of the coating.
With the production uphill cycle, we believe that the company will be able to provide more than enough capacity side by side over the next few years, and that the production uphills of the three major production bases will provide protection for medium- and long-term development. 3.3 Corporate core competitiveness: high-frequency high-speed versus shoulder overseas, high-end layout smoothing cycles.
The R & D rate is at the top of the industry, and the number of R & D people is far above the industry average. At the end of R & D, the value of the technology is more focused on R & D inputs, with R & D costs remaining at 4.4 - 4.8% for the period 2018 - 2021, long in the industry. R & D is an absolute leader compared to their peers, and R & D rates and indicators of the number of R & D personnel are in the industry's lead water.
During 2016-2021, companies showed greater resilience in the price and profit-side of their products. Companies upgraded their product structure through optimization.
High-end product breakthroughs have been significant, and high-frequency high-speeds have gradually levelled overseas. In the area of high-frequency boards, Rogers has achieved an absolute monopoly on high-frequency coatings with material specialization and processing processes for many years, and profit technology has achieved high-frequency with technology accumulations for many years.
Breakthroughs in the copper plate manufacturing process.dk and df key performance indicators have flattened Rogers Cuclad ~217 series of high-end products. In the high-frequency area, profit technology has made a breakthrough in the production of ultra-low-lost and corrosive copper sheets, and high-speed coatings have been cut off from overseas taps, and products are closer to core performance levels and are expected to break overseas monopolies with future technological breakthroughs.
The collection/fixed asset index is much higher than the peer, highlighting the efficiency of the company’s asset-end operations. The copper board industry is heavily invested, so that the efficiency of asset utilization will have a direct impact on the company’s performance, and we usually measure the efficiency of the company’s assets with the collection/fixed assets indicator. In 2016-2021, the profit technology target was well above the same range of 2.3-3.0.
High-frequency high-speed coatings have a long cycle of certification, and profit technology has gradually moved into the supply chain of large domestic and foreign customers. High-frequency high-speed copper sheets have a longer downstream terminal certification cycle, usually taking more than two years for the first certification by the manufacturer, and the product needs to be electrolytic.
Process performance is certified in a variety of ways, such as processing performance, and it takes 6 to 12 months for new products to be imported after certification. There is now a breakthrough in technology for high-frequency high-speed board certification, with the field of communication being certified by Hwa, Naking, Nokia. 3.4 Growth drivers: cyclical recovery leads to profit recovery, with greater medium- and long-term certainty.
Raw materials account for the main cost of the coating, and fluctuations in the price of raw materials will have a direct impact on the level of profit of the product. At the end of the cost of the plate, raw materials account for about 90% of the cost end, with copper, resin, and fibre fabric accounting for 42.1%/26.1%/19.1%, respectively, so that changes in the price of upstream raw materials will have a direct impact on the level of the maori rate of the coating product.
Figure 37: Cost composition of the copper plate products in 2021 drops in 2022 and the Māori ratio is expected to be repaired. Prices of the main raw materials of the copper plate have been opened since 2022. Cost drops of the ccl product have opened. We expect company ccl ' s follow-on Māori rates to be expected to fall at the cost when they reach the bottom.
Leveraging Māori repairs, which, according to calculations, are expected to drive the cost-end stress reduction to more than 20% of the company ' s Māori ratio. 3.4.2 The product structure has steadily upgraded to a higher end, with cyclical recovery leading to profit restoration.
Increases in the national production rate of long-term high-frequency high-speed coatings. Specifically: Supply side: 1) Normal coatings: corporate deep-farmed cars, leading the world in terms of quality stability and output consistency.
(b) High-frequency high-speed: for high-frequency boards, key parameters such as company high-end products dk and df have been tracked
High-speed copper plates have been made available overseas for m6 and m7 and will benefit from an upgrade of the eaglestream server and, in the medium term, it is expected that the reverse will be achieved to the head overseas at the S8 level. Volume, consumer electronic cyclical recovery, miniled release-driven demand growth; 2) high-frequency high-speed: high-frequency overlay copper
In the case of high-speed coatings, the upgrade of the eaglestream server platform to pcie 5.0 after 2023 will drive the low-medication corrosion capping board requirements, and the associated high-speed capping board will benefit from an upgrade of the value of the server.
Profit and roe: While there is some pressure on both company prices and the cost end from current Māori rates, next year the cycle recovery is expected to effectively channel cost pressures and, in the medium- and long-term stability of the industry, the Māori rate is expected to recover to the industry level, 1) ccl GDP: according to prismark data, the global ccl market size is around 2021
With $18.8 billion, based on industry research and projections, we assume that the global market size of the ccl industry will increase from 2022 to 2024, assuming that the size of the ccl market in mainland China will rise to 79 per cent of the global market in 2022 to 2024, corresponding to the size of the pcb market in mainland China, which is expected to reach $12,131.113.9 billion.) Special base-plating industry output: based on the prismark industry
Data on the size of the global special base plate market of $4.7 billion in 2021, representing 25 per cent of the global ccl industry, assumes that the special base plate was released from demand in the areas of servers, new energy vehicles, etc., from 2022 to 2024.
In terms of prices, the average price of the ccl product in 2021 was 114 yuan per square metre, and we selected two major comparable companies in the industry, the new South Asian material and the new Chinese material in 2023.
An average of 46 times the averagepe. The company’s business layout is expected to be dominated by a few major core perspectives: 1) The company’s core product parameters in high-frequency high-speed areas, such as Pine Hill Lake, familiarity and Shaanxi, have been levelled off overseas, thus achieving a breakthrough in the domestic monopoly on overseas technology, and will continue to benefit from an increase in the share of high-end products among downstream customers over the next few years.
On the basis of the above considerations, we believe that companies have a strong global leader market position in the copper ceiling area, that product structures, asset-end operations and profitability are better than peers, that high-frequency high-speed products are expected to continue to break through overseas technical barriers to national production in related areas of pcb downstream, and that future performance growth is more certain. We believe that the company’s current profitability is at the bottom of the cycle.
At the ministerial level, future profit-rate restoration will lead to a recovery in valuations, based on an analysis of our historical valuation center and comparable copper sheet demand for reference companies below expectations, capacity-building below expectations, and high-speed copper-plating customers imported below expectations. There is no reason, no reason, nor will there be any direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views in this report.