The cloud service continues to fall and the co-benefits are magnified to reverse the loss. Event: The company released its mid-2018 report, which generated operating income of $3.06 billion, compared to the previous year
With 37% growth, net profits were reversed, and the net profits attributed to the shareholders of listed companies were $123.666 million, excluding net profits of $103.62 million. Software business grew steadily, and cloud services was the leading market.
Corporate services effectively support the trend towards digitization, platforming, and intelligentization of software operations, providing services to thousands of households with 32 per cent growth compared to the previous year, 4.5 per cent ring growth, and 2906 million pay-for-service users.
By the end of 2017, 24.5 per cent had been increased. The cloud platform (paas) had reached over 900 ecological partners, over 1,200 products and services, an increase of 181 per cent and 135 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of 2017.
The company’s six-monthly performance was reversed, and the total equity/flow (millions of shares) Internet platform for smart industries was well advanced, leading the pre-positioning of Baas.
The smart industry Internet cloud platform, through the design, manufacturing, marketing, procurement, finance, manpower, etc. of industrial enterprises for a maximum/minimum 12-month period in conjunction with third-party saas services, makes industrial enterprises light,
Efficient management and optimization of manufacturing processes. The company’s industrial cloud platform’s forward strategic cooperation project is expected to use the friendly network (600588), which reports an increase in the number and the cloud’s performance, and during the reporting period, the Hubei industrial cloud platform was successfully landed and operated online.
In the meantime, the company works with Shanghai, Tianjin, Hunan, - 2018/07/12.
Governments such as Jian Bo have agreed to cooperate, and the Ministry of Finance has earmarked funds for the company ' s research and development and business development activities. The network of friends (600588), whose performance has been significantly improved, provides a solid financial base and policy support to ensure that the smart cloud platform is running smoothly.
High Growth in Cloud Operations - 2018/03/24 High-volume data, company vision, pre-positioned daas services, extension of the industrial chain to the Big Alumni Network (600588).
Data service end, in conjunction with business digital transformation services. 3.0 Strategy, Rapid Performance Growth, weakens channels and gives post-market entrants the opportunity to compete.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report