Computer/computer applications with a friend network (600588.sh) Performance is higher than expected, and the net profit from the rapid growth of cloud services income will be reversed to a gain compared to the same period in the previous year, and the net shareholding of listed companies will be realized.
Corporate cloud services have seen high growth in revenues, faster growth in revenues from software, and loss in corporate performance. Since the company's transition to a friend of 3.0, the company has made a full-blown cloud service operation, covering fields, industries, platforms, fast-flowing clouds, corporate finance.
The firmness of the firmness of the company in implementing its alumni 3.0 strategy, accelerating the scaling up of its use of its services, promoting the efficiency of its software operations, maintaining a robust growth in its financial services operations, achieving a substantial increase in its operating income compared to that of its operations, with a projected growth rate of more than 35 per cent in its operating income, with high revenues from its services operations.
• The company controls the growth of operating costs and the advantages of R & D are prominent
Business costs and costs are growing at a lower rate than income growth and significantly improving business efficiency. Companies have the largest system of software applications and cloud services in China, including headquarters platforms and applied research and development centres, and have a large research and development team and industry-led R&D management systems and platforms.
• The rapid growth of the firm’s performance in the future, with its unique advantages of integration, integration, and ecology, has initially established a leading market position in the field of corporate cloud services. On the one hand, firms apply a new generation of Internet technology to speed up their businesses.
On the other hand, the central government departments are pushing hard for the Internet +, the Industrial Internet, and local governments such as provinces and cities to publish the “Change of Business” , the first city in China’s Soyun in 2017.
A special action plan to encourage and promote the growth of enterprises. The company is the leader of the saas market segment, a guest who actively promotes the digital transformation of enterprises. 208-06-06 households have a very strong base and have signed strategic cooperation agreements with various provinces and municipalities to help them to achieve growth in their performance in the future.
"Lacking Plan Boots on the ground, keep watching the company push." China Industrial Clouds Platform 2018, released by Hubei Province Industrial Clouds Platform, 2018.
Annually, 10,000 companies will be promoted. 2018-05-01.