The profits are reported, and the revenues of the software + cloud business have increased by about 200 million dollars over the same period of the year. If you take into account this year’s amortization of equity incentive costs (18q1 has amortized equity incentive costs of about 70 million), the real profits are reported to be even brighter.
At the same time, the company’s announcement of revenue growth is expected to be over 35%, exceeding the target at the beginning of the year, and we believe that there is a high probability that performance will be higher than expected throughout the year, with the company’s revenues and profits increasing by 18 years.  + cloud quarterly rounding is accelerating, and revenue from cloud operations is expected to double throughout the year (excluding finance).
Cloud Business: Thanks to the acceleration of corporate growth, increased government support, and a gradual shift in corporate front-loading, revenues from corporate cloud operations have been growing at a high rate since 17 years, of which more than a billion have been reported throughout the year. According to the company plan, we expect companies to publish q3 for large enterprises.
Nccloud products, which provide the basis for continued high growth in cloud operations in the second half of the year and beyond. Revenue from corporate software plus cloud operations has continued to accelerate for nearly four quarters since the elimination of financial operations.
▪ It is hoped that the first bi-industrial Internet platform will be selected with a significant increase in income: with the growth of the number of experienced intellectuals, the cloud platform will become the main future Internet platform with the hope of becoming the first bi-industrial Internet platform (June 2018).
Growth Point 2018-05-03 Friends became the units of eight selected "Inter-industry Cross-Cutting Industry Internet Platform Tests" projects, 2, "Use of Friends Networks: Cloud Business Camps Unprecedented"
The final list is expected to be announced by October 18th). At present, user friends have entered into strategic cooperation with eight provinces/municipalities (Shanghai, Zhejiang, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Tianjin, Ningbo, Xibo).
At the same time, core cloud platforms and cloud product suppliers were selected in several provinces (Santung, Zhejiang, Hunan, Huanan, Quest) and industrial Internet resource pools were selected in several industrial provinces (Hong Kong, Henan, Inner Mongolia, Liaoning)
3. Friends Network: Transforming into a Catalog (Gangsu, Guangdong, Shanghai, Hubei), leading the industry, industry at all levels of government
The accelerated landing of the Internet will result in a significant increase in corporate income. Moreover, as an entry point to a company, the industrial Internet Paas is expected to import more users of the saas.
The same effect. For target offshore companies, the transition is recognized by the market and can be given 10 times the pas platform, which is scarce in business, and the company currently has only 5.4 times the ps, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.