Computer base software and package software ii Clouds perform well, policy promotes strategy 3.0. Companies publish semi-annual reports for 2018, yielding operating income of $3.06 billion, an increase of 37.1 per cent over the previous year; and net return to the mother.
Roughly $124 million, a significant loss on the same year; net profit on deductions was $104 million, with a loss of $103 million for the same period last year.2 On August 14th, the msci China Index added 10 new components to the user network, etc.
Revenue from services was 629 million yuan, a 120 per cent increase over the same period. These include a smooth payment income of 4,744,000 yuan and a friendship fund of 10,000 yuan. By the end of June 2018, cloud services had covered 4,276,000 clients, of which 291,000 paid clients, an increase of 24.52 per cent over the end of 2017.
The net cash flow from operating activities was 36.28 million yuan, compared to 576 million yuan for the same period in 2017, and the cash flow from operating activities improved considerably. The advance bill was 982 million yuan, of which cloud services amounted to 249 million yuan, compared to the same amount.
In terms of financial indicators, the company’s transition to a cloud has led to a gradual improvement in the quality of its profits. Companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development by a total of 657 million yuan, an increase of 16.6% over the same period.
A firm implementation of the 3.0 strategy, with sustained performance in cloud operations: Corporate cloud services are structured around integrated, integrated, eco-friendly business service platforms that provide multi-scale integration for enterprises and public organizations in all sectors
The combined paas+saas+baas+daas service, which is integrated, integrated, ecotyped and built up a competitive advantage in the cloud service age. The company has increased its research and development and promotion with the friendly cloud platform (paas), which has contracted corporate clients such as Shanghai Pharmaceuticals, which has accumulated more than 1,000 customers.
Friends network: software + cloud services + Internet finance, with 10 million customer circulatory in three major years. As corporate cloud applications diversify, products become more sticky, the customer base expands, and corporate cloud services ecological layouts generate strong profitability.
The company ' s upper cloud policy has contributed to the company ' s development: the Ministry of Industry and Communications recently published the Guide to Promoting the Implementation of the upper cloud in enterprises (2018-2020) and by 2020, one million new companies have been added to the country, with more than 100 examples of typical pole applications, creating an influential, powered cloud platform and an enterprise ' s cloud experience centre.
Military enterprises have signed strategic cooperation agreements with the governments of Shanghai, Tianjin, Hunan, Tsibo, etc. to promote and support industrial enterprises in the provinces and cities. At the same time, companies have entered Zhejiang, Hunan, Sichuan, Guangdong, Liaoning, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Jinan City, etc.
In the future, the process is expected to accelerate as companies move forward with the cloud subsidy program, pushing the company’s cloud services ecological layout to drive the company’s performance.
Investment proposals: The company, driven by the “friends 3.0” strategy and the company’s upper cloud policy, will achieve a multi-polymization of cloud applications and complete the ecological layout of cloud services. The msci China index will also be incorporated into the new user network, highlighting the company’s social cohesion.