In the case of information technology software and services, there has been an increase in the number of cases in which cloud services have continued to fall and the effect has been significant: the company has recently issued its mid-2018 forecast, and the net profit has been reversed and lost.
Realization of a net profit of between $10 million and $13 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, net of robust growth in software operations and the scaling of cloud computing. During the first half of the year, software operations maintained a robust level of development, serving more than 2.6 million clients, and solutions for large enterprises
Further deepening of services to help SMEs clients in such industries as smart manufacturing, new retailing, etc., create good synergies between software and cloud services. At the same time, companies optimize their organizational structures, adjust their staff inputs in different areas, and effectively achieve the continuity of new products.
And the development of a system of channels to control the growth of operating costs, both operating costs and cost increases are lower than income growth rates, thus boosting the level of growth in corporate revenue and profits. “Smart” is progressing at the stage of the industrial Internet.
List of proposed projects to be supported by the Industrial Innovative Internet Development Project, total market value/flow of smart industry Internet platform access (millions of dollars)
Selection of the "Industrial Internet Platform Pilot Test" project. At the heart of the Smart Platform are 12 months ' maximum/minimum (millimeter) for industrial enterprises for marketing, procurement, trade, design, manufacturing, engineering, analysis, finance, manpower synergy, etc.
Services, folding up of cloudtops, clouds, financial services, and third-party saas services to help companies use the Friends Network (600588), which has significantly improved their performance and achieved multiple improvements in product quality and productivity.
High Growth in Cloud Operations - 2018/03/24 Provinces and municipalities such as Jiang have taken the lead and been endorsed by local governments.
On-line, the cloud platform, through on-line piloting of priority enterprises, will lead to replication by a large number of SMEs.The 3.0 strategy, Rapid Performance Growth, weakens the channel and gives post-market entrants the opportunity to compete.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.