The cloud transition indicators are good, with a doubling of non-performance over the expectations - a half-yearly review of 2018 by the Friends Network and a half-yearly report of 2018 by the Friends Network on 11 August, yielding $3.06 billion over the period, an increase of 37.1 per cent over the same period.
The balance increased by 0.3 shares per share to all shareholders. \Trangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Net profits were close to the forecast ceiling (100-130 million), net profits were doubled in the same year, plus good cloud business indicators, and the overall net market forecast was slightly higher. 218h1 cloud services generated $850 million, an increase of 141 per cent in the same year; 220 million cloud services earned after the elimination of the financial cloud, an increase of 220 per cent in the same year, continued in 2017.
Since then, there has been a high rate of growth. Paas, saas, baas, daas operations have increased at a rate of 280 per cent, good cost controls have been achieved by upgrading the client operating system and optimizing the personnel structure, and sales, management and financial costs have reached their lowest levels in the same period in almost five years.
Client and line of operations indicators validate the high valuation logic of cloud operations Rapid growth in the number of client payers. At the end of the reporting period, the cumulative number of corporate clients in the company ' s cloud services business amounted to 4,276,000, an increase of 31.98 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 8.8 per cent over the year ' s end in 2017; and payments made by clients.
There are breakthroughs in all kinds of specific operations. Paas develops multi-products, accumulates more than 1,000 clients, hosts more than 900 eco-partners, hosts more than 1,200 products and services; Saas operates with a growing number of important clients, such as marketing and financial clouds: payroll products in non-financial Baas services
(b) The financial-baas service operation and the daas data service business are also well advanced. The clouding of software operations is an important support for the higher valuation level, and the current transition indicators are well validated.
On 10 August, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued a guide to promoting the implementation of the Business Clouds (2018-2020), which states that “by 2020, one million more upper cloud enterprises will be created throughout the country, resulting in more than 100 cases of typical pole application, with the result that:
The goal of an influential, powered cloud platform and an enterprise-based cloud experience centre is expected to be developed by local governments with detailed accompanying policies. It is estimated that the new market is expected to exceed hundreds of millions. Companies are expected to be well-run, fast-tracked, and performance sustained.
The industrial Internet platform is well-stocked and has become an important point of view for cloud operations. (1) The use of the friendly and intelligent industry Internet platform has been successfully incorporated into the Industrial Internet Innovation Development Project 2018, which is supported by dedicated financial resources from the financial sector and has helped to expand the outreach of clients of large industrial enterprises.
The signing of contracts with large group clients such as Hangzhou Steel, Oil Extension, Shenzhen Special Development, etc., is expected to provide strong support for performance. (2) Work closely with local governments to promote the expansion of the relevant regional markets. Strategic cooperation agreements have been signed with the governments of Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Hubei, Shanghai, etc., to be incorporated into the perimeters of Hunan, Sichuan, Guangdong, Zhejiang, etc.
The financial services industry is well under way, and the business services eco-cooper is constantly improving, generating income of $47 million, an increase of 29.1% over the previous year.
Intake of $582 million, an increase of 135.6 per cent over the reporting period, has been made up of version 1.0 of the front-line cloud account, with a well-developed system of user accounts that integrates core functions such as charging values, cash withdrawals, consumption, transfers, etc. in products. Corporate financial operations have a full range of services such as supply chains, finance, payments, and Internet access financing, and the Enterprise Financial Integration Services Ecoosphere.
iii. Profit forecasts and investment proposals and 47 x. Companies are leading companies in the field of erp and software cloudization, and the cloud computing, industrial Internet industries are being subject to policy-driven climate rises, with the first coverage given to companies as “recommended” ratings.
Hu Sam, head of the media network, master of finance from the University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined in July 2011 to date, with many years of research in the media Internet industry, Yang Si-heung, head of computers.
Guo Xinyu, research assistant in the Chinese securities industry, Master of Financial Sciences, Clark University, joined the Chinese securities institute in 2016. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,