On 12 August 2018, the mother's net profit was $124 million, with a loss of $6.377 million for the same period last year; and a non-net profit on the mother's deduction was realized.
The middle report has reversed the loss to a surplus. Cash flow has improved considerably: for the first time in nearly four years, this semi-annual profit has increased by 187 million over the net return profit of the same period last year; considering the cost of amortization of equity incentives, it has increased by 290 million, which is more visible than the same period last year. Domestic corporate information has been clouded and intelligent.
New investment cycles, interconnectivity, domesticization, and continued high growth in corporate income, while Māori increased by 1.09 pt on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the rapid rise in the gross interest rate of cloud operations, which had a rapidly rising income ratio, and there was room for further increases in Māori rates. On the other hand, costs were properly managed.
Compared to the same period last year, sales costs fell by 4.84 pct, research and development started to produce, and management costs decreased by 6.90 pct, with a total decrease of 11.74 pct. Operating cash flows inflow of 3,376 million yuan, net outflows of 036 million yuan, net outflows of 576 million yuan during the same period last year, and cash flows continued to improve significantly.
▪ The revenue from software + cloud operations has accelerated, and revenue from non-financial cloud operations is expected to reach over 1 billion in 18 years: 582 million at p2p, an increase of 135.6 per cent over the same period.
During the first half of the year, the number of corporate cloud services businesses was 4.276,000, an increase of 4.5 per cent from the end of 18q1; fees were paid; 2, " User networks: cloud operations maintain three clients: 2906 thousand, an increase of 11.9 per cent from the end of 18q1 " , while integrated, integrated, biological
The growth in numbers, the cloud platform will be the dominant cloud development strategy for the future.
Big. In the second half of this year, the company will publish cloud products for large companies, nccloud, target client 3, "Friends Networks: Cloud Operations Surrounded" from growing groups to mega-groups to help them innovate and manage their business.
Change, digital transformation, and national production substitution in high-end areas. By this time, the company will have a fully integrated cloud development strategy with a dual-beneficiary industrial Internet platform and large/medium/small business cloud product.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. already has a securities investment advisory board.