The cloud business income is growing fast and the net profit is very high.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which achieved a total operating income of 3,306 million yuan, representing an increase of 37.10 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother of 124 million yuan, which was reversed over the same period last year; a non-return to the mother of 104 million yuan, which was reversed over the same period last year; and a net profit of 0.07 dollars, which increased faster than last year; and a net profit of 3,006 million yuan in the first half of 2018, which was increased by 37.1 per cent.
\triangleright significantly increased by more than 10 percentage points over the same 26% increase in the same period last year, mainly as a result of the high rate of growth achieved by the company’s excellent performance in cloud business. Specifically, in the first half of the year, the company’s software business achieved income of 2,142 million yuan, an increase of 16.4% over the same period; and the cloud service business generated revenue of 849 million yuan, the same amount.
This represents an increase of 140.9 per cent; of these, income from cloud platforms (paas), application software services (saas) and non-financial business operations services (baas) was 220 million yuan, an increase of 220.0 per cent from the same year, income from payment services was 47 million yuan, an increase of 29.1 per cent from the same year, and income from Internet access to finance information services was 582 million yuan, a gain of 135.6 per cent from the rapid growth in cloud services and financial operations, resulting in a significant disruption in net corporate profits over the same period last year.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was $124 million, compared with $64 million in the same period last year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company after deducting non-recurring gains and losses was $104 million in the same period last year; and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company after deducting the cost of non-recurring gains and equity incentives was $228 million, compared with $63 million in the same period last year.
In the first half of 2018, the company focused on strengthening its research and development investment, with a total expenditure of 657 million yuan, an increase of 16.6 per cent, while the company owned the largest network of marketing services in China's software management industry.
By the first half of 2018, the number of corporate clients in the company’s cloud services had reached 4,276,000, of which 2906 million were paid clients, compared to late 2017.
The company has also increased its research and development and promotion of the Soyun Cloud platform (paas), unified its technology architecture for the use of the Soyuz cloud, released a number of exclusive cloud products such as platform 3.5 and gpaas 3.5, signed contracts with corporate clients such as the Shanghai Medicines Group, with a cumulative number of more than 1,000 clients, including 900 in ecological partners and 1,200 in products and services.
The sharp drop in the cost rate during the company period was the advantage of the company’s net profit \triangleright and a sustained investment of resources, with many of the company’s operations achieving the best results in the city.
The annual report on China's cloud computing market research for 2017-2018 showed that it was the largest in China's publicly owned Yunsaas market in 2017; According to the annual report on China's business-level application market research for 2017-2018, published by Sadie's consultant, the company had the first market share in China's business-level applications in 2017. At the annual meeting of the Chinese market for 2018, hosted by Sadie's consultant, the company received 2017-2018 Chinese enterprises.
We look forward to the firm’s steady advancement in its strategy of integrating cloud services, software, financial services, the future of the company’s cloud business, and to the company’s long-term dominance in future corporate markets based on competitive advantages such as product technology, marketing services networks, customer base, etc.
Coverage gives a “strongly recommended” rating. Markets are not expanding as expected; R & D innovations are not growing as expected.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing's own research.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.