Friends Network (600588). Cloud operations are over-expected and reported losses are reversed. Events: 13 July 2018, Friends Network announces performance forecasts for the first half of 2018, key financial indicators (in millions of dollars)
It is expected that the net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies in the first half of 2018, compared to the same period in the previous year, will be reversed to a surplus, and that the strategy of 100-1.3 * the net profits of the shareholders of listed companies will be brought to fruition, with a similar loss in performance and higher growth than expected.
With 100 million to 130 million yuan, compared to the record of $6.377 million in losses during the same period last year, nearly four strategies focused on the Tob market and were dedicated to providing cloud services to enterprises, and the results showed that the corporate strategy was showing off. The reasons for the increase in corporate performance were: 1) cloud services were scaled up and promoted.
The growth of software operations arpu and financial operations go hand in hand. 2) The company controls the three-cost increase by optimizing its personnel structure, controlling costs, etc., thereby allowing profits to grow faster than the growth in business, and the increase in profits to accelerate further.
• The government promotes the transformation of the company’s front-loading, and the speed at which Saas’s operations are located is increasing. 1) Millions of businesses are working actively with local governments and cloud service providers, thereby contributing to a surge in the speed at which local firms are going to do so. The company will be the first to benefit from its role as a front-runner for domestic corporate-level cloud services.)
The saas market focuses on applied capacity-building, providing digital business services centred on customer trading scenes, with friends building on years of industry accumulation and customer base stubble, and becoming the leading company in the country’s publicly owned city of Yunsaas.
Share price performance (last year) The size of the software market has reached $14.2 billion, an increase of 34.5 per cent. The size of the domestic firm-level Saas market is expected to exceed $20 billion in 2018. Companies will benefit fully from the domestic saas.
According to the Bureau of Commerce and Industry, late in 2015
More than 20 million small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are registered in the country, and 365,000 small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) of national size or size account for 97.4% of the total number of industrial enterprises of higher size or greater. In terms of the number of enterprises, the market space for the u8clud product is wide.
The transformation of the erp from 346,000 in 2015 to 417,000 in 2017 has led to an increase in the per capita per capita marginality effect. (2) In June, the Ministry of Technology published a three-year action plan for the industrial Internet, which states that by the end of 2020, the industrial Internet infrastructure and the industrial system will have been initially built.
The Internet platform is a digital cloud platform for industrial enterprises, with companies using their own advantage over cloud services to assist the provinces and cities with the Internet platform for “smart” industry.
The company has signed strategic cooperation agreements with Shanghai, Zhejiang, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, etc., and has appointed personnel to the Industrial Internet Industry Alliance.
The basis for long-term growth in corporate performance. • Profit forecasting: we expect the company to be awarded a double net benefit to the shareholders of listed companies between 2018 and 2020. We see a friend network strategy of 3.0, which will add clouds to software business.
One, more than two, looks at the urgent need for domestic firms to come up with a cloud for some time, and, as the leader of domestic firms' information services, the user network should enjoy a certain value premium. For the first time, we give a “precautionaryly recommended” rating.
Development uncertainty; (3) the development of traditional software business is not as good as expected; and (4) the US-China trade war, Xu Peng: Master of Engineering, joined in June 2013 with Chinese securities. In the six-month period following the report, the increase or decline in securities relative to the depth of 300 indexes was used as a standard.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.