How do you look at Heir thinker's global development space? Heil thinker: The world's tap. The company is the world's largest home and electricity first brand, with products covered by refrigerators.
Home appliances, white appliances, freezers, washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters, etc., have seven electric brands globally, Hal, Kasati, Gesher&paykel, aqua, etc.
In 2023, the share of overseas revenues reached 52%, leading my country’s electricity companies to the sea. Companies in North America: mature electricity markets grew robustly, with Hal’s share of electricity rising to the top. North America’s share of offshore revenues is close to 60%, and it is the world’s leading home power market.
In North America, the electricity industry is concentrated, with a 26.7 per cent/21.6 per cent rate in 2023, with Hal maintaining the two highest rates of electricity, cooking power, household air conditioning, etc.
With the company accelerating the pace of product rotation, better product structure, higher manufacturing and operational efficiency, the future Heir profit margin is expected to be matched to Heipu North America. Europe: the pattern of the domestic electricity market is fragmented, Hale’s income is growing rapidly. Europe is also a relatively mature home.
Markets, Ewley data show that the retail size of the European domestic electricity market reached $116.2 billion in 2023, with a compound increase of 1.4 per cent in 2013-2023 (Euro +3.6 per cent), with a compound increase of 1.0 per cent in sales. European electricity patterns are fragmented, domestic firms continue to loot their share, and the city of Heir achieved its share in 2023.
8.9% of companies continue to strengthen the competitiveness of the European market, with the acquisition of consolidated Candy in 2019 and the announcement in 2023 of the acquisition of a kick-off global commercial refrigeration business, with a steady increase in the distribution and influence of the European market. We assume that in the future, the company’s share of cities in Western Europe will be close to that in Eastern and Eastern Europe to the United States.
At this level, companies are expected to have a forward income of 44.7 billion yuan in the European region, a 57% growth margin from 2023. Profit margins are expected to reach 5-6% in Heir Europe as Candy’s product structure optimizes and manufacturing operations improves.
Australasia: The power market is co-exist and Hale ' s share is rising steadily. 2023, Australasia Power Market Retail Regulations, 2023.
Hale Jiist (600690.sh) - The proposed acquisition of a South African water heater business in Ileks has reached 15.0% of sales, and the share has increased by 4.7 pct over the last 10 years. As companies gradually increase their market share of air conditioners, refrigerators, etc., the company is expected to earn $8.1 billion in the future in the New Australia region.
Hale Jiist (600690/sh)-2023: Continuous increase in profitability, 31% of the growth space in 2023.
Hale's steady-state profit margin is expected to reach 6-8% in Australasia.The Mid-Year Review of Hale Jiist (600,690.sh) 2023 reported a steady increase in domestic and foreign operations.
The combined rate of increase in 2013-2023 was -1.3 per cent (a 2.4 per cent yen caliber), with sales at -1.3 per cent, with Japan ' s electricity market pattern exceedingly strong, with a leading share in the lower part of the market, and the city of Haile nearly 8 per cent. Since 2002, companies have entered the Japanese market, working in synergy with the Japanese economy.
As companies strengthen the competitiveness of their various products, it is expected that South-East Asia and South Asia in the Japanese region: the domestic electricity industry is long-term and Hale is on the front line. The demand for domestic electricity in South-East and South Asia grew faster, with India, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, and new countries growing in 2023.
In Gabo, Thailand, and Viet Nam, the combined amount of domestic electricity retailing was $33.5 billion, with a compound increase of 4.5 per cent between 2013 and 2023, with a compound increase of 4.1 per cent in sales, while the South-East and South Asian everybody ' s electricity market was dominated by Chinese and Japanese brands, with Heir accounting for 8.4 per cent of sales in 2023 in those seven countries.
The company has accelerated the growth of local pipelines and capacity-building and local electricity markets, and is expected to increase in Central and Eastern Africa and Latin America: the power sector is fragmented and the city of Haile is still under-represented. Although the household penetration rate is similar in the long term, the power sector has grown slowly in Central and Eastern Africa.
+1.5/+2.5 per cent. Central and East Africa and Latin America have a fragmented pattern of household power, with markets largely dominated by foreign brands, with Heir selling 6.5 per cent and 1.8 per cent of the electricity industry in Africa and Latin America in 2023, and Heil is gradually strengthening production, branding and distribution of channels in Africa and Latin America in the Middle East, and announced the acquisition of South Africa in 2024.
With the continued growth in the size of local domestic electricity, Hal’s forward earnings are expected to be $5.1 billion and $6.9 billion in the Middle East and Latin America, with 162% and 271% of the growth space in 2023. Overseas growth prospects: capabilities ahead, space wide.
Many years of exploration and development have accumulated a wealth of experience and capacity in such areas as home-grown operations, overseas team management, brand mergers and acquisitions, and the creation of a global platform. With a global regional perspective, Haile’s overseas income is expected to reach an income scale of $216.1 billion, about 60% higher than in 2023.
The profits forecast and valuation: after many years of localization and brand acquisition, the company has been established abroad.
The company is expected to return to its mother-in-law in 2024-2026: the world's leading electric taps and the overseas layout leading the former Qingjia Refrigerator's plant, established in 1984, is now the world's largest home.
The company has built white electricity, a collection of cooking and security industries, a refrigerator freezer for product cover, washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters, water purification units, kitchen appliances, small household appliances, etc., to provide users with an intelligent home-wide solution; Heir, Casati, leader, etc.
The seven major brands geapplicances, fisher&paykel, aqua, Candy cover different user groups around the globe Development journey: Strategic planning is far-sighted and business expansion is global. Looking back at Haile's 40-year development journey, it can be divided into six strategic phases depending on development strategies:
At that time, the refrigerator market was in short supply, and the product was very diverse. When the market generally ignored the quality of the product, the company raised the quality awareness of its employees by smashing the quality-infested refrigerators, making it clear that it was a “good-quality, gold-taker”
In 1988, the company won the first “National Award for Quality Products” in the refrigerator industry. In 1989, when market demand fell and the prices of producers hit the price war, Haile, with the branding effect of high quality, raised 12%.
In 1991, the Qingdao Air-Conditioning Plant and the Qingdao Electric Ice Plant were placed in Hal, and the company entered the diversification phase.
The company also built the first industrial park in the domestic electricity industry to upgrade its capacity. As of 1998, the Heir group was under the flag of the company, using funds raised on the market in 1993 to build the first industrial park in the domestic electricity industry.
Internationalization strategy phase (1998-2005): going out of the country and into the world. Hale, following a strategy of internationalization that is difficult and easy, first creates a brand name in the developed world and then opens up the development of China with a high-rise construction.
In April 1999, the company established a Heir factory in the state of South Carolina, United States, to launch its own brand on the international market. The Globalizing Brands Strategy Phase (2005-2012): Integration of global resources and acquisition of local brands.
From the “internationalization” of Haile to the “internationalization of Hale”, there is synergy through the acquisition of well-known local brands and the establishment of local research and development, production and marketing bases, sharing of local high-quality resources with their own brands, bringing together a single home-grown brand into a global Heel brand.
Networking strategy phase (2012-2019): Connectivity, platform sharing, individualization, microdirectional explosion. Based on the one-person management model, companies started testing micro-micro-water models in 2013, each of which is a self-starter, self-organizing, self-driven basic unit, micro-connected to a user experience of an idiosyncratic biosphere.
Continuous activation of the user experience. Based on this, the company was transformed from a home power manufacturer into a platform for social incubators, committed to becoming a node in network connectivity, connected to resources, and built a win-win open platform with a user-centred focus.
The company, in partnership with users and partners, has continuously provided a holistic and continuous process of value, leading to the ultimate co-habitation of users and ecological players. In 2019-2024, Hale was the only one in the world for six consecutive years.
The online eco-brands continue to be the world's most valuable brand 100, with a full equity structure in 2024: real owners stable, core executives well-incented, companies actually controlling more than 30% of the Heir Group holdings since they were listed, and the stock structure is more stable.
2024q1, the Hale Group controlled 34.3 per cent of the company’s shares in aggregate, through direct and indirect equity holdings and concerted action, and was the actual controller of the company. The change of shares led to a multi-wheeling of the company’s equity incentives and broad access to corporate equity by executives and employees, leading to management.
Since May 2021, the company has been issuing a series of a/h shareholding plans and options incentives for directors, executives, and subordinate industry general and department managers, core technicians, etc., and also for company management, executives, and companies whose interests are tied to the market through sales enhancement, and
Indirectly holding shares in companies such as Qingjioshima, Qingjia, Qingjia, etc. Financial performance: Exterior sales grew to half a wall and the quality of profits continued to rise by billions of yuan, with annual compound growth of 11.3% and faster steady growth.
Revenue growth has remained steady and high in number, with a robust growth in revenue collection, which has grown at a combined rate of 6.7 per cent for hundreds of millions of yuan and has grown at a rapid rate abroad, including through home-grown operations and brand acquisition, reaching 51.9 per cent.
In 2023, the share of the company ' s revenue was 31.2 per cent and 23.4 per cent, respectively, for refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, kitchen guard appliances, etc., followed by air conditioners and kitchen guard appliances, which accounted for 17.5 per cent and 15.9 per cent, respectively, and water, electricity and equipment, which provided a combination of goods and channels (the equipment was mainly home-based).
Procurement, production and sale of power-upstream components, molding and sale; combined channel services, mainly distribution services, post-sale operations, etc., account for nearly 6% of each.
The company’s Māori rate has risen steadily over the last five years, driven by the sale of the home, and has optimized the cost. In 2019-2023, the inter-company cost rate was optimized by 1.2 pct, with sales rates down by 1.1 pct and management costs down by 0.6 pct. After the appliance, the net interest rate increased rapidly through a series of measures such as digitization and four reconfigurations.
Overseas layout: Multi-brand coverage abroad, America’s share of income has been in the strategic phase of internationalization since 1998 with plants in the United States, Europe, etc., moving their own brands to overseas markets in 1999. But developed overseas markets are more mature, home brands have been competing for many years, and in the United States and Europe.
Local competitive advantages and brand visibility have been established, and new brands have become more difficult to develop. Thus, Hal opened the phase of a global branding strategy in December 2005 to consolidate local quality resources through acquisitions, establish a three-pronged base for R & D, production and marketing in the local area, and operate locally.
This Trinity Club co-organized a joint venture, the Heir Trinity Club, to improve each other’s competitiveness in the global refrigerator industry. In 2011, the Hale Group acquired Japanese Trinity Power in the White Power Industry in Japan, South-East Asia, etc., and the New Zealand brand Fisher & Paykel in 2012.
In 2015 and 2018, respectively, they acquired the company's tri-ocean white power business and fisher & Paykel. In 2016, Hale also acquired the general electrical power business and the Italian Candy company in 2018.
The global layout and operation of the seven world-class brands of Fisher&paykel, aqua, Candy” covers the demand for high-end, popular and value-for-money consumption.
The company’s overseas revenues are currently mainly from the Americas, Europe, etc., and are dominated by refrigerators, cooking power, and washing machines. In 2023, the company’s overseas earnings were 58.5% in the Americas (projected mainly in the United States), 20.9% in Europe, less than 10% in other regions, and nearly 80% in the United States and Europe combined.
North America, Australia, and the New Zealand region have high rates of city ownership, and markets in Europe, East and Central Africa, South Asia, etc., are still at a pioneering stage, with greater scope for development. Companies abroad are dominated by refrigerators, washing machines, cooking power, and, in 2022, they earned 31.0 per cent of their income abroad, 28.7 per cent of their income from cooking power, and 24.6 per cent of their income from washing machines.
Air conditioning accounts for 9.7% of revenue, waterhouse electricity, such as water heaters, 0.4% of the company’s overseas revenues are higher in ice washing and cooking, and there is still much room for development in air conditioning, water and electricity, and small household electricity. North America: mature household electricity markets are growing robustly, and Hale has electricity for everyone.
After the annual takeover of the gea, the company has been ranked first in North America in terms of electricity sales, through sustained co-financing. We look at the company’s development in North America from the initiative of the North American electricity industry and the company’s own initiative.
The price of domestic electricity in North America has continued to rise slightly, with ice washing and cooking power accounting for nearly 60%. Ewy figures show that the retail size of the domestic electricity market in North America reached $12.7 billion in 2023, with a compound increase of 5.4% in 2013-2023, with a combined increase of 1.5%; prices are the main driving force behind the growth of the domestic electricity market in North America, with average prices growing from 2013 to 2013.
Inflation was affected by a slowdown in the average price of electricity in 2023 and a marked improvement in the retail rate of increase.The refrigerator was the largest single item in the North American market, with retail sales accounting for 25.0 per cent of electricity retail in 2023; the next was the washing machine, which accounted for 14.8 per cent; and domestic air conditioners (with split air conditioners, mobile air conditioners and windows).
In 2023, retail sales accounted for 9.5 per cent, or 25.7 per cent, or 64.7 per cent, respectively, of relatively small amounts in North America, with $3.7 billion, or only 3.1 per cent, in 2023, and are expected to be more related to local residential structures and central air conditioning.
Figure 18: The share of ice washing sheets in North American household electricity retailing was higher in 2023, with small household appliances including microwaves, air treatment products (air purifiers, electric fans, wetters, dehumidifiers, etc.), cleaning appliances, personal protective appliances, kitchen small household appliances, etc.
In North America, the electricity industry has grown at a relatively higher rate than small household electricity, with washing machines and cooking power leading by far. The data from the E-Wise show that in 2013-2023, the combined retail sales of refrigerators/washers/cooking power increased by 5.8 per cent/ 7.6 per cent/6.3 per cent, respectively, and by the industry as a whole; the combined increase in retail sales grew at a much higher rate than in the industry as a whole.
According to the United States Census Bureau, in July-August 2024, US electricity and electronics sales grew by 6.1%/2.4% and cumulatively by 1.7% in January-August, respectively, showing a steady increase in retail sales.
By association, US property has shown signs of stability in the recent past, and household electricity is expected to return to normal growth pathways. For North American household electricity retailing, which grew at the same rate as the US new house/house sales package in 2010-2023, three show a more pronounced pattern of similar growth and decline, and there is a significant correlation between domestic electricity retail demand and real estate.
Sex, though, is much less volatile than real estate. And, since 2024, there has been a marked recovery in housing sales in the United States, where the number of house sales in January-June 2024 was equal to 3.0%, the number of new house deals was equal to -1.1%, and the decline in house sales was significantly narrower, showing signs of stability at a low base.
With interest-reduction cycles and lower interest rates on housing loans, it is expected that US housing data will pick up and drive home power. Figure 27: U.S. housing sales have improved since 2024.
North America has a relatively concentrated electricity market, with Heir and Hewlett-Puer accounting for nearly 50% of the market. Given that Heir's products in North America are dominated by white power, chef power, we're looking for the Ei-Wi-Wi. (with dishwashers, washing machines, cooks, microwaves, refrigerators) and home air conditioning as the electricity industry.
In 2023, the U.S. public electricity market, Hale and Hewlett-Puer, were the leading markets, accounting for 26.7 per cent and 21.6 per cent, respectively, while other brand markets accounted for less than 10 per cent and head brand shares were the same.
It is 5.5 pct, which is a small decline of 1.5 pccc in Hue and a relatively small change in the rest of the branding market, and in the categories of cooking power, microwaves, refrigerators, and household air conditioning, Heir maintains the first two types of consumer electricity, with a more comprehensive pattern.
In 2023, the market was 31.1 per cent in the big kitchen and electricity industry, 20.6 per cent in Hewlett and 20.6 per cent in Pou, the top two in the industry; 40.2 per cent in the washing machine sector, with a higher share and a higher share of 23.0 per cent in Haile; and 24.3 per cent in the refrigerator industry.
Hydrapu, with a 21.3 per cent share, remains a bipolar race; Air-conditioning, with a 40.5 per cent share of Heil market, is a very strong leader, followed by lg, with a 11.9 per cent share; in dishwashing machines, Heiye, with a 31.2 per cent share and a 29.2 per cent share, respectively, remain in the lead; microwave industry, with a relatively fragmented pattern, with Hel marketing.
Heir North America: good integration after the acquisition of gea, full improvement in business quality behind the rise of the North American people's electricity market, Heir's been taking the autonomous brand for more than 20 years.
Hal set up the “internationalization” strategy in 1998, the company went to North American markets in 1999 to build production plants in the United States; in March 2000, the company went under the first refrigerator in the United States. As the American electricity market matured, brand recognition was established, and the new brand wanted to cut in.
It is difficult for Hal to penetrate the United States market gradually through differentiated niche products, such as small refrigerators with table surfaces and small dishwashers, which are designed for university students. After more than 10 years of localization, the market for Heir in the North American electricity market reached 2.8% by 2015.
In the ninth place among all brands, Haile has a relatively high market share of household air conditioners and refrigerators, at 11.8 per cent and 8.9 per cent, respectively.
According to E-Wise, after the acquisition of Gea in 2016, Haile and Gea were the second largest players in the North American electricity market, with retail sales accounting for 18.2%, after Heiyepo (26.3%); and Heir's continued to be mentioned in North America.
In 2023, the retail market rose to 24.8%, surpassing 24.6% of Heidelpool, and became the number one in North America. In terms of income, Heir’s income performance in North America was also ahead of Heidelpool. In 2017-2023, Hal’s income in the Americas grew from $47.1 billion to $798 billion, with an annual compound increase of 9.2%; and in the same period, Heijiripur’s income rose from $47.1 billion to $7.8 billion.
In North America, revenues rose from $11.1 billion to $11.4 billion, with a compound increase of 0.5%. Heir now accounts for the first two sales in North America’s major everybody’s electric class, with more than 30% of cooking power and household air conditioning.
The market share has continued to rise, and the share has remained steady in the industry. The Ewey data show that the market share of Heir in the North American market in 2023 has risen significantly, respectively, in the category of home appliances.
We believe that the main reason for Hal's ability to take up the next step in the acquisition of Gea is because of the ability of global platforms such as corporate governance and research and development procurement: 1) One-one-one-one governance mechanisms and global synergy of strengths: companies are promoting the one-size-fits-all model in Gea.
At the same time, companies have used the advantages of the entire world to empower local personnel. At the beginning of the 2020 epidemic, the company's North American team quickly seized the opportunity of online growth, taking advantage of the Chinese market's power provider's experience.
According to the Kutsu platform, in 2023, Heiji Pu achieved a retail value of US$ 44 million at the North American Station in Amazonia, while the retail value of ge-related appliances amounted to US$ 237 million, and gea had a significant advantage in electricity suppliers.
2) Global R & D & Product Synergy: Companies build a global collaborative R & D system, set up a global technology R & D mechanism, share generic modules and reuse technologies and patent sharing within compliance, and coordinate global product collaborative development through a global product development mechanism, which can achieve regional cooperation and complementarity among product categories.
Technology and products can be delivered globally through the Haile platform, and Heir's superior white power technology and products can create good synergies with gea, contributing to the rapid iterative upgrading of the new product. 3) Global procurement and supply chain synergies: companies set up a global procurement committee to promote global procurement activities in an integrated manner.
Large-scale conglomerates of group-level common goods have been brought together to achieve value-sharing in descending terms; digitized systems have been built from markets to suppliers to production to logistics to end-to-end global supply chain management, global production can be rapidly adjusted in real time through smart algorithms, and global factory sharing has been able to develop smart manufacturing technologies and continuously improve manufacturing competitiveness.
As the company continues to advance in its management and global research and development procurement platform, it is expected that the company’s products will be further enhanced, contributing to a steady increase in its market share. Compared with the company’s domestic product layout and market share, there is still room for further enhancement in North America’s refrigerators, washing machines, and water heaters.
According to industry online data, Heir’s share of domestic sales in 2023 was 35.5 per cent and 41.8 per cent, respectively, in absolute leadership, while Heir’s share in North America’s ice shuffling was 24.2 per cent/23. There is still room for improvement. In the hot water products category, the heater head business a.o. Smith earned revenue in North America in 2023.
The $2.92 billion (approximately RMB 20.7 billion) accounted for 37 per cent of North America; while Hale was a hot-water tap in China, earning more than 10 billion dollars in hot-waters, the North American market was just beginning to operate, and it was expected that there would be more room for growth in the future.
We assume that Haile's market share of North American refrigerators, washing machines and washing machines will gradually reach 30-35 per cent of the target country, that the market share of the water heater business will reach half a.o.Smith, and that other commodity markets will have a small annual increase of 4.1 pct to 30.8 per cent, without taking into account future price changes and assuming that Hal's product prices are equal to those of the industry.
At the same price, and with the income outlook for the water heater, the company’s future income level for the North American region is expected to be higher in terms of profit margins, in addition to the higher growth potential at the income end. 2022 Operating profitability is higher than overall overseas profitability.
The impact of inventory and market competition has reduced profitability to around 10%. Heir’s profitability in North America has continued to rise, and Māori rates have been a major factor influencing profitability in light of changes in profit margins in Heejiapur North America. In 2015-2022, Heejia North America’s cost and depreciation amortization rates remained at around 9% in 2015 and 2023 due to cost.
However, during this period, net interest rates fluctuated relatively significantly, at a minimum of less than 10%, with the highest connections, with 2b still dominated by a chain of department stores and engineering channels. Thus, for Haile in North America, increasing profitability can be achieved through continuous product upgrading, selling and adjusting products.
The structure of the product raises the Māori rate, on the other hand, by increasing the efficiency of manufacturing and operating efficiency. For a more stable annual profit margin level, about 12%.
Europe and North America are relatively mature home-based electricity markets, but growth in the European home-based electricity market has been relatively weak, with lower concentration in the sector due to the fragmentation of countries and channels. Haile has been growing rapidly in the European market through long-term localization and consolidation of Candy brands.
Heel brand products continue to be upgraded, price indices are upgraded, companies are expected to continue to grow faster in the European market, growth in the European electricity market has slowed down, and price increases in the European electricity market have similarly increased slightly since 2020, but at a slower rate than in the North American market. Ewy data show that 2023
The annual retail size of the European domestic electricity market reached $116.2 billion, with a compound increase of 1.4 per cent in 2013-2023 and a composite increase of 1.0 per cent in euro, including 1.2 per cent/0.5 per cent in Western/Eastern Europe. On average prices, they have been affected by inflation since then, with an upward trend in average household prices, driving the growth in the size of domestic electricity in 2021-2023.
The average retail price in Western/Eastern Europe increased by 8.7 per cent/10.4 per cent (in euro calibre) per year, with European household appliances comparable to North America, with a relatively high share of ice washing, with the share of East-West European refrigerators and washing machines in total domestic electricity retailing ranging from 15 to 20 per cent in 2023, while the share of cooking power in small households was around 20 per cent.
The share of electricity is about 36%. The retail share of domestic air-conditioning in Europe is slightly higher than in North America, with Eastern and Western Europe accounting for 8.7% and 4.9% respectively.
Wetifiers, dehumidifiers, etc.), cleaning appliances, personal appliances, kitchen appliances, etc.;
In the European domestic electricity market for 2013-2023, the combined rate of increase in air conditioners/refrigerates/washers/breathing/small household electricity retailing was 4.0 per cent/1.3 per cent/1.1 per cent/0.9 per 1.5 per cent, respectively, with the combined rate of retail sales increasing by 0.9 per cent in 2013-2023, respectively.
In the subregion, European countries have a large number of different distribution channels, and the electricity market is fragmented. For example, Ewiss data show that Germany had the largest electricity market in European countries in 2023, with retail sales amounting to $11.8 billion, but only 16.7 per cent of the European market; followed by the United Kingdom, with retail sales amounting to $8.6 billion.
French retail sales accounted for 12.2 per cent, French retail sales for 7.2 billion United States dollars, 10.2 per cent, and, owing to the large differences in languages, cultures, etc., the country had a very different business head, Germany had a very large business base of aldi, Lidl, edeka, rewe, kaufland, etc., and France had a carrefour, leclerc,
Auchan, casino, intermarché, etc.
Figure 54: Europe’s electricity market is more fragmented between countries, and Europe’s domestic demand for electricity is relatively less correlated with real estate. We choose the index of residential building permits for 27 countries of the European Union, compared to the increase in electricity retailing in Europe and Western Europe, and the performance of residential building permits vis-à-vis Western European households.
Electricity retailing is related to trends, but is relatively less relevant. Europe’s domestic demand for electricity is relatively weak in relation to real estate, and is expected to be associated with higher local household penetration and relatively low population growth; North America’s relatively rapid population growth has led to increased demand from new homes or house sales, with the European market expected to be predominantly stock-based.
Europe’s electricity market is fragmented, and domestic brands continue to take up their share, and Europe is fragmented by a large number of countries and channels, and there is no clear trend towards increased concentration.
In the Western European market, in 2023, the top three electricity companies, Bosi, Arçelikas, Heiyepo, accounted for 20.3%/12.0%/10.7% of retail sales, and the rest for less than 10% of brands.
The Bureau was more decentralized, with three companies in the head of the public electricity sector in 2023, arçelikas, Heir and Hewlett-Puer, with a zero market share of 13.9 per cent/12.2 per cent and 7.8 per cent, respectively, except for Haile, where the domestic brand Hizbul, the United States and the Eastern Europe also had a certain share, with sales in 2023 reaching 5.2 per cent/2.9 per cent in 2023.
There has been a relatively small change in the market share, except for brand acquisitions, where the market share in Eastern Europe has changed relatively significantly, and an impressive increase in the share of Arçelikas and Haile in Eastern Europe. Figure 58: Distribution patterns among Eastern Europeans: significant increases in the share of both heads
The market patterns in the main categories of electricity are equally fragmented, with domestic firms accounting for a certain share of the market. The Ewley data show that in 2023, Percy had the highest sales in Western Europe.
It reached 23.7%, while other companies accounted for less than 11%; the Eastern European major cooking power industry was more fragmented, with a 9.7% sales rate for the leader Arçelik as compared to 9.1%/7.1% for the cities of Heising and Haile, respectively, and the top five. In Europe, the refrigerator industry has a strong pattern, with the largest market in Western Europe, with the largest market in Bosi, at 19.7%.
Arçelikas ranked second with 13.8 per cent, Heir with 7.9 per cent, and in the Eastern European market with 23.6 per cent of sales, followed by Heir with 13.2 per cent. The clothing industry was similar to the refrigerators, with Heir with 13.9 per cent and 16.2 per cent of sales in Western/Eastern Europe in 2023.
In the area of domestic air conditioning, the share of domestic brands is relatively higher, with a peak of 11.1 per cent in the Western European market and 8.2 per cent in the city of Haile; in the Eastern European market, Heir has the first share of 28.5 per cent of sales, with a secondary share of 16.9 per cent in the United States.
In the European and American electricity markets, head firms usually account for a preponderant share of electricity in a variety of categories, with higher requirements for their multi-producer layout capabilities. Figure 61: Distribution patterns in Western European refrigerators: share of businesses is more stable
Figure 62: Distribution patterns of refrigerators in Eastern Europe: Heil is second in ranking, Figure 63: Distribution patterns of washing machines in Western Europe: share of enterprises is more stable, Figure 64: Distribution patterns of washing machines in Eastern Europe: Haile is second in ranking
Figure 65: Distribution patterns of household air conditioners in Western Europe: Haile, America, Gravity in top 10, Figure 66: Distribution patterns of household air conditioners in Eastern Europe: Heil, Gravity in top two, Hel Europe: rapid income growth and greater scope for profit
Hale also started home-grown development earlier in Europe, and before the acquisition of Candy in 2019, the company had a certain size on the European market. In 2018, the company achieved $4.14 billion in revenues in Europe, an increase of 25.0 per cent over the same period, compared to only 4.7 per cent in revenues from the European domestic electricity market and the European region of Ileks.
The electric class gained a certain market position in both East and West Europe, with company refrigerators selling 4.7 per cent/5.5 per cent in Western/Eastern Europe in 2018, washing machines in Western/Eastern Europe accounting for 2.0/5.9 per cent, and air conditioners accounting for a relatively higher market of 7.8 per cent/21.5 per cent, respectively.
After the acquisition of Candy, the company’s revenues in the European region continued to grow at a relatively rapid rate, reaching 17 per cent by 2023. After the acquisition of Candy in January 2019, the company’s revenues in the European region amounted to 15.19 billion yuan, compared to 2023 years of income.
In the European region, Hal’s income performance was more pronounced. Currency prices were Euros, United States dollars, and Swedish kroner, respectively, where the average annual value of the median exchange value of the renminbi was converted to renminbi calibre.
By category and region, firms have taken up the market rapidly in Eastern Europe, with relatively slow growth in Western Europe and a relatively good increase in the share of large white electricity cities. After the acquisition of Candy in 2019, the share of companies in the European region rose significantly, but the subregion saw a relatively slow increase in the share of companies in Eastern Europe and a relatively slow change in Western Europe.
Annual sales in the area of electricity for all (empty ice washing, cooking power, microwaves, etc.) increased by more than 4.6 to 12.2 per cent in Eastern Europe and increased in the major consumer electricity markets in Eastern Europe; in Western Europe, the share rose by only 0.2 to 7.6 per cent in sub-grades, with companies in the traditional advantage of the big white electricity class.
The city’s share rose faster, while electricity, microwaves, etc., was slower. In 2019-2023, the company increased the sales of refrigerators/cleaners/house air conditioners by 5.6.4.7.2.2 pct and the sales of big cooks/microwaves/ dishwashers by 2.9/1.9.3.4 pct respectively.
Hale has continued to strengthen business in Europe, successfully acquired a global commercial refrigeration business in October 2024, and a US$ billion countervalue acquisition of a 100% share in a commercial refrigeration business under the global flag.
In Europe, commercial refrigeration companies in the head of the continent have extensive distribution channels and transport support systems. The acquisition of the commercial refrigeration business, Hal is expected to accelerate the development of central air-conditioning, heat pumps, etc., in Europe through its network of channels in Europe and maintenance and after-sales teams; and synergies in the supply chain, R & D, production, etc., based on Heir’s globalization.
In October 2024, Hale successfully acquired commercial refrigeration, which together will create a fully integrated global cold chain. Figure 71: Commercial refrigeration provides a holistic solution from equipment to post-sale.
Looking ahead, companies continue to strengthen the competitiveness of their European operations, accelerating their development through management, global procurement of research and development, and there is still much room for greater city occupancy. In the process of home-grown development and integration of Candy, the company’s European operations have demonstrated organizational dynamism in the “one-person” management mechanism, with companies.
The synergies and digitalization of global procurement research and development have gradually emerged, and companies are expected to further improve their competitiveness in terms of products, channels, marketing, etc., leading to a steady increase in their market share. Given the acquisition of Candy in 2019, the company’s refrigerators, washing machines, cooking power, microwaves are located in Eastern and Western Europe.
With growth in Eastern Europe over the years, we assume that, as companies gradually increase their input and product rotation in Western Europe, the market share of major products in Western Europe will gradually approach the level of Eastern Europe in 2023: the trend towards a steady increase in the share of cities in Eastern Europe will continue, and it will be strong in the corporate tradition.
In the white power sector, the market share in Eastern Europe is at or near the current level in the United States, with a slight increase in the market share of cooking power. Annual increases of 4.7 to 13.6 per cent are assumed in the case of Hal's average product price, which is the same as industry, and the average market share of future products, compared with the growth space in retail sales; no subsequent price changes are considered here; and no consideration is given to the impact of the acquisition of profitable global commercial refrigeration operations.
Before the takeover, Candy had a net interest rate of 1.2% and 0.2% in 2016 and 2017, respectively; given that corporate income in Europe was dominated by Candy and that public investment in the European region was still at an advanced stage, the company’s profits in Europe were expected to remain low.
The luxurious rate fell to 4.4%, and Ileks fell to a loss in 2023. The ebit in the Heejima region as a whole was relatively profitable in the European market.
On the one hand, Heir’s deep-rooted localization in Europe, with Candy serving as a home-grown business team plus Hel’s management, procurement, and research and development enabler. The company increased its investment in Europe, with Europe’s Candy project in 2023 with a construction balance of more than $1 billion.
There are also new production capacities in Eastern Europe in the deployment plants of Turkey, Romania, etc. The company’s profitability in Europe is expected to increase as localized production and plant conversions continue to optimize production efficiency and capacity utilization. On the other hand, with Hal’s R & D and product development platforms in many parts of China and the United States, Candy.
With localized operations and product structure upgrades, we think that the Heir European region is making a long-term profit.
The Australasia electricity market is small, contributing 4.5% of Heir's overseas revenues in 2023. The company's combination of localization of Haile's brand and the acquisition of Fisher & Paykel has become the leading power industry in Australasia, with a steady increase in the share of the city.
The Australasia electricity market is growing robustly, with a small increase in the prices of various products over the past 10 years, and the Australasia electricity market, in terms of caliber, has continued to grow robustly, with a 4% increase in retail sales over the last 10 years.
The Ewley data show that in 2023, the new domestic electricity market was retailed at $8.17 billion, a smaller volume than in Europe and the United States of America, with a combined increase of 0.4 per cent in 2013-2023.
The average price of new household electricity is closer to North America, with an average price of $182 per station in 2023 and a relatively large increase in 2013-2023. (In view of the relatively stable growth of the Australian dollar, the distribution of new household electricity is closer to North America, with refrigerators as the largest single item, but air conditioners as a proportion of air conditioners.)
Higher. In 2023, the Australasia refrigerators accounted for 21.4 per cent of total retail sales, while the share of cooking power and washing machines was 16.0 per cent and 12.1 per cent respectively. The share of small Australasia household electricity and air conditioning was higher than that of the United States and Europe, at 40.7 per cent and 9.9 per cent, respectively, and there were significant differences between domestic air conditioning in the Australasia and North America, where the retail channels were mostly windows, etc., in 2023.
The average retail price of air conditioners was only $348 per table, while the domestic air conditioners in the Australasia retail channel were split, reaching a retail average price of $721 per table in 2023. Figure 76: Combined increase in retail prices of Australasia electricity in 2013-2023 by 2.6 per cent (Australian caliber)
Figure 77: In 2023, the share of domestic air-conditioning in the retail sales of New Australasia electricity was higher than that of the United States of America, with small household appliances including microwaves, air treatment products (air purifiers, electric fans, humidifiers, dehumidifiers, etc.), cleaning appliances, personal protective appliances, kitchen small household appliances, etc.
Over the past 10 years, the main household appliances in Australasia have grown at a combined rate of between 3 and 5 per cent, with washing machines growing at a faster rate.Ewy figures show that in the Australasia electricity market in 2013-2023, the retail combination of washing machines/small household electricity increased at 5.2/4.3 per cent (Australian caliber) and was better than the industry as a whole; household air conditioners, refrigerators, cooking power.
In terms of volume prices, retail sales of the main household appliances in Australasia increased by about 2%, and sales of refrigerators/house-air conditioning grew by 2.6%/2.5% over the last 10 years, with a relatively rapid increase. At the end of the price, the structure of small household appliances and washing machines was upgraded relatively significantly, with prices rising over the last 10 years.
The demand for electricity in Australasia is linked to the opening of new homes, with a faster population growth and a relatively faster increase in electricity sales in Australasia. Compared to the amount of electricity retailing in Australasia with the number of jobs and completions in all Australian homes, 2010-2023
During the year, there was a correlation between the same rate of increase in electricity retailing in Australasia and the same rate of start-up in all Australian homes, with a coefficient of 0.41 and a low correlation with the number of home completions, which is expected to be relative to the pre-positioning of local home appliances. The combined rate of increase in retail power in Australasia over the last 10 years (1.6%) was higher than in North America (1.5%)
In 2013-2023, the combined population of Australia and New Zealand grew by 1.5%, in North America by 0.7%, and in Europe by 0.2%. The higher rate of population growth provides a better basis for growth in electricity sales to New Zealand households.
Figure 84: New Australasia electricity retailing and residential start-up, 2010-2023. Figure 85: Austronews ' faster population growth has also led to faster household electricity sales. The new Australasia electricity market has been fragmented and Heir ' s share has steadily risen to the top.
Australasia's power markets are so powerful that the share of the top three sectors is between 10 and 15%.
In the past 10 years, the market has risen by 2.8 to 10.6 per cent. In the top three of the industry, the share has risen by only 39.5 per cent.
Fragmentation. But there is an upward trend in the concentration of electricity in the Australasia and New Zealand, wherecr5 rose from 49.2% in 2014 to 52.4% in 2023, with the largest increase in the city share of head enterprises such as Haile, lig.
By category, there is a very strong pattern of electricity in the Australasia, with Heir's market on ice washing having a high rate. The Eweice data show that in the Australasia market refrigerators, the city of Ileks was ranked first, with a sales share of 23.0 per cent in 2023, with a secondary market of 18.2 per cent, and three stars and lg in sales.
In the case of washing machines, Heir is the leader, with 28.4 per cent of sales, followed by lg, with 16.1 per cent; in the area of cooking power, Ileks is the leader, with 26.8 per cent of sales in 2023 and 11.0 per cent in the second city of Haile; and in the case of air conditioning, there is a relatively fragmented pattern of competition, with 13.5 per cent of leading gold.
Hale has the sixth largest share of sales at 4.4%; Bosy has the largest share of sales in dishwashers at 21.9%, and Heir has the second largest share at 15.9%. In general, the pattern of electricity is relatively fragmented for all in the Australasia market, with leading markets ranging from 20-30% to less than 20% in the rest.
Figure 92: Distribution patterns of dishwashers in Australasia: Heir is second in ranking, figure 93: Austronews microwave sales show a very strong pattern, Heil New Zealand: after the acquisition of fisher&paykel, product markets are working together
The Heel Group acquired New Zealand’s high-end home brand fisher&paykel in 2012, and the Heir thinker was commissioned to run the fisher&paykel in 2015 and acquired it in 2018. Since the takeover, Haile and Fisher&paykel have achieved good synergies in a variety of areas, including product technology, distribution channels, and procurement, leading to Hal and Fisher&paykel.
In terms of technology, the electric technology of fisher&paykel is widely used on the Kar Sadi washing machine, and the national research and development team, in collaboration with the fpa and Candy research and development team, is leading the way in the performance of products such as the h20 spray of the dishwasher.
After more than 10 years of integration, Haile and Fisher & Paykel have steadily increased their market presence in the New Australian market. Ewish data show that Fisher & Paykel was branded in Australasia in 2014-2023.
The market share of refrigerators/washers/house air conditioners/house-cooking electrical sales increased by 1.6/7.8/2.3/ 2.3 ptt, while the market share of Heel brands increased by 1.0/1.3 ptt respectively in the Australasia market.
In comparison with other regions, Heir’s market share in the New Zealand People’s Power Market is expected to continue its upward trend. In the company’s traditional advantage of the white electricity class, the company has a higher share in the new Australian washing machine category, with sales of ice boxes and household air conditioning being lower than in China and North America; and in cooking power and washing dishes.
On-board, corporate sales are 11-16% below the company’s share in North America. So we're going to have the company’s share of sales of white electricity in the Australasia market versus white electricity in the country, and the share of big cookers and dishwashers is assumed to continue. The upward trend is that the company’s future revenue level in the Australasia is expected to reach $8.1 billion, up from 2023.
Using retail growth space as a comparison of corporate income growth: no subsequent price changes are considered here, compared to Ileks, who is the leading electric pole for New Zealanders, where Heir is expected to run a profit margin of 6-8% in New Australia.
In Asia and the Pacific (the relatively high share of Australasia) and East and Central Africa, Ileks had a profit margin of between 5 and 10 per cent in 2016 and 2023, an average of 6.9 per cent, while in 2017 there was a difference between the net interest rate of Fisher&paykel and that of Ileks, according to the Heir Jit Bulletin, which was 4.5 per cent.
Brands continue to grow on a new scale in Australia, and as a high-end brand, Maori has greater space, and efficiency is expected to increase after Hel’s digital platform is empowered, leading to higher profitability. So, for Béléquez, we believe that Hel’s stable net interest rate in New Australia is expected to reach 6-8%.
Japan: Increase in domestic electricity, higher share of Helmshire in Japan ' s domestic electricity market over the past 10 years, small increase in the size of the Japanese domestic electricity market compared to the higher share of the bulk air conditioners, and increase in prices over the last 10 years.
(a) The annual average exchange rate of the United States dollar (PRC) to the Japanese yen, equivalent to $26 billion, or approximately 18.4 billion yuan;
The annual compound rise of 3.7% and the average price of the dollar is almost equal. Japan has experienced a small decline in composite-0.2% of its population over the past 10 years, with a similar decline in household electricity sales, but with a sustained increase in average prices, Japan ' s annual retail sales are 31.4%; refrigerators and washing machines are retailing 13.8% and 11.8%, cooking power and small.
The share of household electricity was 10.2 per cent and 32.7 per cent, respectively, and the housing stock in Japan was generally compact, low-story, low-body, low-cost, and relatively low-cost, technologically mature and energy-efficient, resulting in a wide range of applications in Japan, with a higher share of retail sales.
Small household appliances, including stoves, air treatment products (air purifiers, electric fans, wetters, dehumidifiers, etc.), cleaning appliances, individual appliances, kitchen appliances, etc., show a downward trend in the sale of major household appliances in Japan, with washing machines growing relatively rapidly in Europe.
Wise data show that in the Japanese domestic electricity market in 2013-2023, the average retail price of household air conditioners/ Refrigerators/cleaners/breathers/small Japanese washing machines increased by 5.2 per cent and the average price increased by a factor of up to the other class; and the average annual price of household air conditioners/ Refrigerators/baskets/small household electricity increased by 3.6 per cent/3.1 per cent/1.7 per cent/4.1 per cent per year over the past 10 years.
There was a decline in sales of all household appliances, with household air conditioning/ Refrigerator/ Laundry/Big Chef/Slight Figure 104: Combined electricity retailing in Japan increased by 2.7 per cent in 2013-2023 Figure 105: Average domestic electricity prices of all types in Japan increased continuously and washing machines increased most significantly
In Japan, where the electricity market is extremely large and is relatively fragmented, there is a small increase in the number of businesses in China. The Eisen caliber of all people is chosen as a board (with dishwashers, washing machines, cooking power, microwaves, refrigerators) and household air conditioners as a whole.
Oeswig data show that in 2023, the Japanese electricity market was well ahead of the market at 19.5 per cent, while the US brand of Toshiba was ranked second at 9.2 per cent, with Japan, Haile, Da-jin and Hong selling at around 8 per cent, while the second-strength brand was larger and the industry was more fragmented.
In view of the changing trend, with the exception of branding and acquisitions, which have a greater impact on the market, firms have a relatively stable share of the goods, and Japan has a large power race in the electricity class. According to Ew, the share of the gold in the Japanese air industry has steadily increased, with the sales of 21.0% in 2023 being the highest; and the lower market in Matsumoto.
In the refrigerator industry, the city of Haile has risen steadily, with 24.7 per cent of sales in 2023 ranked first, followed by 15.5 per cent in 2023 and 53-60 per cent in nearly 10 years. In the washing machine industry, 23.6 per cent of sales were ranked first, followed by sales.
The city accounted for 23.2 per cent; the city of Haile accounted for 17.6 per cent, the third largest; and the United States accounted for 14.6 per cent, the fourth highest concentration in the washing machine industry. The concentration of the major cooking power industry was also relatively high, with the two largest sales markets in 2023 at 28.0 per cent and 27.8 per cent, and in nearly 10 years, cr.3 was 70 per cent left.
Heir Japan: Together with aqua, the share has steadily increased, and Heir has continued to launch locally appropriate localized products in Japan, with a share increase with aqua. Heir entered the Japanese market in 2002 and worked with Miyagi to establish the Trio-Hare joint venture.
The group acquired the Japanese trio power business in Japan, South-East Asia, and so forth, including the aqua brand. Since then, the Heidel brand has positioned the public market, the aqua is positioning the upper end of the market, under Heir’s global technology research and development, procurement and production, and the Heir+aqua brand has rapidly launched high-quality products tailored to local demand, in Japan’s white power market.
In 2023, in response to the demand for large-volume ice-washing products in the Japanese market, the company successfully launched a variety of new products, such as tx super thin refrigerators and large-volume heat pump rollers, which boosted the retail volume of ice-washing products. Haile became the leader of the Japanese refrigerator industry, with 24.7% of sales in 2023, including the sea.
The market for brand names accounted for 13.4 per cent, the market for aqua brands for 11.3 per cent, the market for the Heir/aqua brand refrigerators for 2014-2023 increased by 1.9.7.3 ptt, and in the laundry industry for 2023, the market for the Heir and aqua brands for sales was 11.0 per cent and 6.6 per cent, respectively, and for Jili Haile became the third largest in Japan.
As a result of the upswing, while Japan’s domestic electricity sector as a whole has grown slowly, Heir’s income in Japan has grown steadily, reaching 3.66 billion in 2023 and a composite 5.2 per cent growth in 2017-2023. Looking ahead, Hal still has much room for growth in Japan.
Hale’s share of ice shuffling in 2023 was 24.7% and 17.6%, which is still a gap from the company’s share of more than 35% of sales in the country. As companies continue to grow home-grown innovations, with the help of a global technology research and development platform, new locally appropriate products and marketing models are being introduced, which are expected to increase the market share further.
In 2023, the sales of domestic air-conditioning in Japan were only 1.0%, a significant difference from the company’s share of more than 10% of air-conditioning in the country. Weak products, such as domestic air-conditioning, are expected to contribute to new growth in the future, as companies further replenish their products, channels, etc.
We assume that the company will gradually increase its market share in the white power industry in Japan along the above path, that the bid company will have a white power market in the country, and that the company will be expected to have a 5/30/25 per cent market share in the field of empty ice washing in the future, and that the public administration will increase its market share in the white power sector in Japan by 5.2 pct. On the assumption that the average price of Hal's products is comparable to that of the industry.
In the absence of changes in the average prices of future products, it is expected that the future income level of the Japanese region of the company will be comparable to the growth space; no subsequent price and sales changes will be taken into account
South-East and South-East Asian countries generally have low levels of economic development, and there is much room for growth in household penetration, with household electricity sales increasing at a similar rate of less than 2 per cent in Europe and Australasia and elsewhere in the last 10 years.
Heir has established a certain market position in South-East Asia and South Asia, where markets are expected to provide a longer-term growth engine for corporate performance growth, with sustained growth in the size of the domestic power sector in South-East Asia and South Asia and a steady increase in the share of firms in local markets.
The emerging electricity market has grown faster, and there is room for a much higher retention rate, with countries in South-East and South Asia generally increasing by more than 3% at a combined rate of more than 3% in the last 10 years, with demand performing better than in the developed countries. We have statistics on India, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand.
Vietnam, as a representative of South-East Asia and South Asia, analyses developments in the local power and domestic sector. Ewy data show that the total electricity retailing in the seven above-mentioned countries in 2023 amounted to $33.5 billion at the annual average exchange rate of the United States dollar against the local currency, and a compound growth of 4.5 per cent in 2013-2023. But considering the currencies of the above-mentioned countries over the past 10 years,
All of them have been devalued, with a relatively higher rate of increase in local currency terms, with the above-mentioned seven countries showing an average of 6.2 per cent of the combined increase in domestic electricity retailing over the past 10 years, driven mainly by sales in South-East Asia and South Asia, with combined electricity sales in the above-mentioned seven countries reaching 4.1 per cent in 2013-2023, and sales by countries.
In South-East and South-East Asia, there is a marked difference between the structure of household appliances and the Euro-Australasia, where white electricity is the main category, accounting for more than 60%. In 2023, the retail value of household air conditioners and refrigerators was higher in the seven countries.
The ratio is around 25%, while the retail share of washing machines is 15%; the share of cooking power is significantly lower than that of developed countries, at 4.6%; the share of retailing of small household electricity is 30%. Retailing of household air conditioners is higher in South-East and South Asia, as a result of climate and housing structures; and cooking electricity is influenced by dietary habits and is relatively retail.
Figure 116: Combined increase in electricity retailing in seven countries in South and South-East Asia, 2013-2023 Figure 118: Household air conditioning and ice stoves in electricity retailing in seven countries in South and South-East Asia, 2023. Small household electricity includes microwaves, air treatment products (air purifiers, electric fans, etc.)
Wetifiers, dehumidifiers, etc.), cleaning appliances, personal appliances, kitchen appliances, etc., are relatively high in South-East Asia and South Asia, where combined sales of household air conditioning increased at a higher rate. Ewy data show that in seven countries in South-East Asia and South Asia in 2013-2023, combined retail sales of household air conditioning/refrigerated refrigerators/washers/chef power increased at a higher rate than in South-East Asia.
5.2/4.2/4.5/5.2 per cent, with a relatively rapid increase in demand for electricity for all; the compound increase in retail sales of small household electricity is shown in figure 121: combined sales of washing machines in seven countries in South and South-East Asia, 2013-2023. The domestic electricity industry in South-East Asia and South Asia is still in an upscaling period, with relatively low penetration of air conditioners and future growth.
As the level of economic development continues to rise, the penetration of domestic electricity products in South-East and South-East Asian countries has continued to increase in recent years. Countries with more advanced economies, such as Singapore, had more than 80% empty ice-washing penetration in 2023, which is almost saturated. Countries with relatively low levels of economic development have relatively lower penetration rates for household appliances.
Lower, India had 37 per cent/42/22 per cent penetration rate in 2023, Indonesia had 13 per cent/67/39 per cent penetration rate, Thailand 39 per cent/94/76 per cent penetration rate, and there was much room for growth. On average, the average penetration rate of the seven countries in South-East Asia and South Asia mentioned above was 50 per cent/80/63 per cent.
As consumption rises, refrigerator penetration increases the fastest, followed by washing machines, and then air conditioning. For China, the average rate of empty ice-washing penetration in 2023 was 98 per cent, compared to an average of 61 per cent in seven countries in South-East and South Asia, with about half the room for growth.
In South-East Asia and South Asia, where the electricity market is fragmented, where the power sector is dominated by the power industry of China, Japan, and South Asia, where the electricity market is dominated by the Chinese and Japanese brands, with a leading brand share of about 20%, the pattern is more fragmented. Given that the Heir product is dominated by electricity, we choose the E-Wise calibre.
Distributors, washing machines, big cooks, microwaves, refrigerators, and household air conditioners are used as electric power industries to analyze the electricity patterns of the local population. The Ewey data show that in 2023, the Indian electricity market was the top two, with the number of sales at 20.4% and 17.1%, respectively; the second echelon Huejipo and Heir markets accounted for the same share.
10.6% and 8.4% of countries in South-East Asia also have a pattern of multi-pollution power, dominated by foreign brands. In Indonesia, sharp ranks first at 22.2%, with Hel and lig sales accounting for 11.7% and 12.9% in the second team. Thailand has a more decentralized electricity pattern, with three-star sales having the highest share, but only 13.6%;
The city of /lg/Haer, which accounts for nearly 10% of the population, is the second largest. In Viet Nam, the electricity market is dominated by 17.8% of sales and 13.9% of sales of Samsung/Haels/Me and 11.8%/ 10.7% of sales.
Figure 127: Cr3 in India is about 50%. Figure 128: Indonesia ' s electricity market pattern is relatively fragmented, microwaves, refrigerators) and domestic air conditioning is the same.
Figure 129: The power market of everyone in Thailand is highly competitive, Figure 130: The electricity market of everyone in Viet Nam is fragmented, Heir South-East Asia and South Asia: early entry into local markets, building a stronger lead
Heir, with a wider layout in South and South-East Asia as early as 2000, has now become the leading white power brand in East and South Asia. In 1996, Haile established Hel Indonesia Ltd. in Indonesia, leading to the first transnational operation and the first overseas refrigerator factory; and in 2001, Haile established overseas workers in Pakistan.
In 2011, the Heir Group acquired Japanese Miyang electric power for white power in South-East Asia, etc., and in 2015 it was incorporated into the listed company, with the collaboration of Heir's share of the South-East Asian market.
According to Ewe and the company announcement, Hal was the first in the Pakistani market, with 40% of the market in 2023; the Indian market was the fourth in 2023, with 8.4% of the market in 2023; and the Indian and Vietnamese markets were the third highest in the industry, with a strong lead.
With a steady increase in household power penetration in South-East Asia and South Asia, Haile, with forward-looking channels and brand layout, a globalized research and development procurement platform, is expected to be on a fast-growing track for the domestic electricity industry in South-East Asia and South Asia.
This growth is continuing at a faster rate. According to the seven countries with statistics in Europe, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Viet Nam, as representatives of South-East Asia and South Asia, Haile has a combined market share of 9.4% for electricity (including ice washing, cooking power, etc.) and household air conditioning.
There's still some room for upscaling in China and North America. We assume that, with an increase in household penetration in South-East Asia and South Asia and an increase in local household electricity sales, Hal's penetration is expected to progress towards industry through multi-brand layout, global and home-grown product technology development, and fast-changing product matrices.
Brands converge. (Details for details are given in table 7.) Thus, everyone in South-East Asia and South Asia is expected to have electricity sales in 80-90% of the growth space, and Heir’s forward penetration in the seven countries mentioned above is expected to increase by 3.9 pct to 13.4%, with 163% of the increase in sales. If price differentials and subsequent price increases are not taken into account, sales are expected to increase.
In 2023, Hal's combined revenues in South-East and South Asia were $15.3 billion, and in the long run revenue is expected to reach $40 billion. East and Central Africa and Latin America: the pattern of the household power industry is fragmented, with Hale taking over.
In Central and Eastern Africa and Latin America, household electricity sales grew robustly and household penetration rates remained low. In Central and Eastern Africa and Latin America, combined household electricity sales grew by around 2 per cent over the past decade, prices fluctuated, and industry growth was weak in South-East Asia and South Asia.
In 2013-2023, the combined rate of increase was -0.5%, of which the volume/price increase was +1.5%/-1.9% respectively, and the expected decline in retail electricity sales in the home was mainly influenced by the depreciation of local currency. The average price of retail domestic electricity was converted into the Brazilian and Mexican currencies at the annual average rate of exchange, and the average price of retail domestic electricity in Latin America was almost 10 years at the Brazilian Rear calibre.
The average Latin American retail price of electricity increased by 1.4 per cent in the last 10 years, with a combined increase of 6.7 per cent in the Mexican peso, 25.7 billion dollars in central and eastern Africa in 2023 and 3.0 per cent in 2013-2023, with a volume/price increase of 2.5 per cent/0.5 per cent, respectively.
By category, Latin America and Central and Eastern Africa account for a relatively balanced share of the main groups of goods. In the Latin American market, in 2023, the share of domestic air conditioning/ Refrigerator/ Laundry machine/Cooker/Small Power retailing was 13.5 per cent/25.0 per 18.0 per cent/14.6 per cent/ 28.8 per cent: in the Middle East non-market, the share of domestic air-conditioning/ Refrigerator/ Laundry machine/Smallery/Small Power retailing was 13.5 per cent in 2023.
16.1%/20.8%/13.7%/15.1%/34.3% Refrigerator is the largest white electrical class in Latin America and Central and East Africa, and domestic air conditioning is also widely used locally.
Figure 137: Latin American electricity retailing in 2023, with a more balanced distribution of items, stoves, etc. Small household appliances include microwaves, air treatment products (air purifiers, electric fans, humidifiers, dehumidifiers, etc.), cleaning appliances, personal protective appliances, small kitchen appliances, etc.
White power in Latin America is generally stable, and white power in Central and East Africa is growing robustly. Ewy data show that in the Latin American domestic electricity market in 2013-2023, the combined rate of household air conditioning/refrigerator/washer sales increased by 0.5 per cent/+0.5 per cent/-0.8 per cent, and the combined rate of sales increased by 3.1 per cent/-0.6 per cent/+0.6 per cent, while white power in Central and East Africa grew by a relative amount.
In Latin America and Central and Eastern Africa, white power penetration is still at a low level, with household air-conditioning penetration at less than 30%.
In Latin America and Central and East Africa, household penetration rates have steadily increased. E-Wise data show that in Latin America, the rate of empty ice wash penetration rose by 13.1/3.9/10.0pt to 29.1%/90.0% in 2013-2023, respectively, similar to those in South-East Asia and South Asia, with the highest refrigerator penetration in Latin America and Central and East Africa, followed by washing machines.
Household air-conditioning penetration rates are the lowest. But, in terms of upward trends, air penetration rates have risen the most rapidly in the last 10 years.
Central and Eastern Africa and Latin America have more decentralized electricity patterns, fewer local home brands, and the market is largely dominated by foreign brands. Energy is chosen for everyone (with dishwashers, washing machines, big cooks, microwaves, refrigerators) and home, using air conditioning as a whole.
The market was ranked first in 19.0 per cent of sales; second in Ileks, 14.1 per cent in the city; and third, only 42.4 per cent in the industry, at 9.3 per cent of sales (48 per cent in Heir through the Gea, and Mexico's domestic electricity enterprises).
Central and East Africa has a more fragmented pattern of electricity markets owing to the large number of countries and small and dispersed markets. In 2023, lig and arcelikas were the second highest at about 10 per cent of sales; the second star, Haile, America, Heiyepo, Hae-in-Kin, and other markets ranged between 4 and 7 per cent, and industry, Cr10, less than 60 per cent, spread out.
Wisdom for everyone (with dishwashers, washing machines, cooking power, microwaves, refrigerators) and home air conditioning, in Heir Central East Africa and Latin America: the city has a low rate of growth potential
Heir’s share of cities is relatively low in the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America, and brand influence is not yet fully rolled out. According to E-Wise, Heir’s share of sales in the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America, was 6.5% and 1.8%, respectively, in 2023, which is relatively low compared to other regions of the world.
In the Middle East, the share of domestic air conditioners is relatively high, with sales reaching 17.2% in 2023, but the traditional advantage is that they have a relatively high share of domestic air conditioners.
The share of ice-washing markets is relatively low, at around 6%, and there is still room for improvement. Companies in the Middle East, in Africa and Latin America, are among the regions with the lowest corporate incomes: Latin America’s income is expected to be less than $2 billion in 2023, with the same level of income, measured by the size and pattern of the electricity industry in North America and Latin America.
Heir is gradually strengthening production, branding and distribution in Africa and Latin America in the Middle East, and announced the acquisition of South Africa's hot water brand kwikot in July 2024. In terms of capacity, in order to further develop markets such as Central and East Africa and Europe, companies are building industrial parks in Egypt, one of which was launched in 2024h1 and produced products such as air conditioners, washing machines, etc.
Localized manufacturing, accelerating the development of markets in and around Egypt; Phase II, which mainly produces refrigerators, freezers, and designs over a million units of total capacity. In terms of branding and channel expansion, in July 2024, the company announced the acquisition of Ilex's hot water operation in South Africa, with the South African 100-year water heater brand kwikot, the leading South African water heater system.
In the meantime, the company is continuously strengthening its terminal operating system and retail capacity-building, expanding its access and brand coverage, and accelerating the launch of phase II of the Egyptian Industrial Park in 2024 in New Figure 151: Heir.
Figure 152: Kwikot is a well-known South African brand of water heaters, and as Haile gradually strengthens the distribution of energy channels in Africa and Latin America in the Middle East, the company’s market share is expected to rise steadily, opening up opportunities for income growth.
White power penetration in Central and East Africa has gradually increased to the level of white penetration in South-East Asia, while white power penetration in Latin America has continued its upward trend (see table below for specific values). In the future, the increase in the penetration rate was used as an increase in the volume of local domestic retail electricity, with 71 per cent of white power in Central and East Africa and 23 per cent of white power in Latin America.
With Hal's growing power in the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America, we assume that Haile's local urban presence will gradually be at similar levels in South-East Asia, adding up the growth of the industry, and that Hal's upper limit is projected to be $5.1 billion and $6.9 billion in the Middle East and Latin America, respectively, with 162 per cent and 271 per cent growth space, respectively, compared to the current level of income.
The market share of sales is equal to the market share of sales, with retail growth space as a space for corporate income growth, without taking into account subsequent price changes.
Over 20 years of exploration and development of Heir’s autonomous branding development path, companies have accumulated a wealth of experience and capacity in such areas as home-based operations, overseas team management, branding and acquisition integration, and global platform building.
1) In terms of localization, companies implement a three-pronged localization operation of R & D, manufacturing, marketing, home-grown business teams and flexible and autonomous management mechanisms established in overseas regional markets to achieve rapid insight and responsiveness to local consumption demand: sustainable promotion of local chemical capacity-building in India, Pakistan, Egypt, Turkey, India, Pakistan, Turkey and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Thailand, Viet Nam, etc. continue to deepen local supply chain layouts. (2) In the context of branding and purchasing integration, companies have an open and inclusive business culture, support the establishment of dynamic self-management mechanisms by enterprises that are bought and bought, and promote a one-man approach to management that fully stimulates the dynamism of their employees.
3) In the context of globalization platforms, companies make full use of global synergistic platforms and combined functions such as R & D, product development, procurement, supply chains, marketing and brand promotion, and extend successful models of experience and R & D technologies to the global level, increasing synergies between different regions and making rational use of advantages among regions.
With the support of these capabilities, we expect that Heir will still have much room for growth in the overseas regions. According to the preceding assumptions, we aggregate Heir’s income outlook across the regions, which is expected to reach $21.6 billion in income, about 60% of the growth of overseas income in 2023, and overseas domestic power and air.
In terms of profitability, the company is still optimizing its overseas production and supply chain layout, continuously improving its transport efficiency, and overseas profitability is expected to increase steadily.
On a comprehensive basis, we expect Heir's overseas profits to reach 8.9%, and the outlook for overseas forward profits more than doubles the current growth space. Growth analysis: the growth rate is moderate, and the profit rate is ahead.
In 2023, companies collected $261.4 billion, which is higher than in comparable companies; and in 2018-2023, incomes increased by a combined rate of 17.4 per cent at the parent ' s net profit compound, which was significantly faster than comparable companies.
Profitability analysis: Māori rates are high and profitability continues to increase. Net interest rates for non-repatriate interest rates are at a medium low level in comparable companies, but net interest rates for companies have continued to rise since 2019, reaching 6.1 per cent in 2023, as a result of the high proportion of Helc end brand business.
Thus, the cost-rate input is greater than that of comparable companies, which in 2023 amounted to 15.7%, while comparable companies generally have between 8% and 11%, and corporate management and R & D costs are also slightly higher than comparable companies. But, on the trend, Heir’s sales rates have been optimized in recent years, with a small annual decline.
Since most of the business is directed directly to end consumers or distributors, the business cash flow is generally relatively good. From 2018 to 2023, the cash/business income received by a company for the supply of services from the sale of goods was about 100 per cent or more, the net operating cash flow/net profit averaged 156 per cent, and the company ' s operating cash flow was excellent and comparable.
Business efficiency analysis: good turnover of accounts receivable, an increase in the number of days of inventory turnover
Hale's inventory turnover was high and the company's inventory turnover increased with the increased shipping time in 2021-2022. In 2023, Hale's inventory turnover reached 82.1 days, a 6.2-day decrease in the same year.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Overseas revenue from this business has grown faster and has remained relatively stable since then, as interest-relief cycles have returned to relative robust growth in the housing market have returned to a more robust pace with the arrival of the overseas interest-relief cycle. The company's refrigerator operations are expected to grow faster in complex size in the North American laundry market, and retail sales of washing machines declined in 2022-2023.
In 2024, with the warming and interest-reduction cycles of the North American retail domestic electricity market, companies expect to grow more rapidly overseas in washing machines. The domestic washing machine market has grown steadily, benefiting from the rapid growth of dryers and the changing of face, and is expected to increase steadily in the company’s washing machine business as the volume of dryer revenue rises.
In January-August, domestic air-conditioning demand was under pressure, and the company’s growth in internal sales slowed through focused products, market adjustments, and channels. But as the country gradually released its new policy gains, it was expected that the increase in internal air-conditioning sales would accelerate.
Europe’s empty market has a high level of municipal ownership, and external sales are expected to continue their better growth trend. The overall industrial chain is integrated, supply chain efficiency and spare parts interoperability are optimized, and Māori is expected to increase steadily, with a focus on product models.
Cooking power: the company’s main sales out of the revenue from cooking power were above 90% in 2022. In overseas markets, the company’s revenue from cooking power is expected to continue to grow robustly, increasing the revenue from cooking power as it enters the interest-relief cycle abroad Water and electricity: the business consisted mainly of water heaters and water purification products, with 3% overseas in 2022.
On the other hand, the company is continuing to develop water purification products, and the company is expected to benefit from a new policy. The company as a whole anticipates that the company will be able to grow more rapidly.
Integrated equipment services: Integrated equipment services mainly provide some complementary support for the production and sale of corporate products, with equipment mainly related to the procurement, production and sale of upstream components of household electricity, the manufacture and sale of molds; integrated equipment services include, inter alia, distribution of channels, post-sale operations, etc.
(Note: In October 2024, the company successfully acquired the commercial refrigeration business and announced the acquisition of the non-hot waterer business in Ileksnan, which is not reflected in this profit forecast due to the unknown size of the business.) In summary, Heir Jijits are expected to collect $2713.4/2878.4/303350 million over the next three years, compared to the previous year.
Cost of sales: In recent years, companies have experienced a gradual decline in their sales costs through measures such as digital efficiency, but, by contrast, there is still much room for a decline in their sales costs. The projected rate of sales costs of companies has been extended. Financial costs: part of the debt acquired by companies abroad, with interest expenditures of a certain size, but in absolute terms.
A sensitivity analysis of profits as a result of changes in market shares and three cost rates (double factor sensitivity analysis), based on E-Wise data, in 2023 Heir ' s global market for electricity was 17.2%, ranking first. Changes in the share of electricity sales and the three cost rates have a greater impact on the company ' s future profitability, so it is assumed that they will be held in different markets.
A sensitivity analysis of the company ' s 2024 eps changes, with three costs: We use a neutral, cautious and optimistic profit level for companies, the main variables of which are income growth, Māori rates, and cost rates. In the context of income growth and profitability adjustments, the sensitivity of the company ' s performance is predominant.
Taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company’s reasonable margin. From the characteristics of valuation methods, the absolute valuation, represented by dcf, fcff, applies to continuous profits, businesses, and businesses.
The sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the rate of wacc and perpetuity growth, is presented in the following table.
The main industries are air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, and larger headlines with American conglomerates, Greco, and Heinrich, choosing to be a comparable company as Heil Jiji. In 2024, the industry averaged 11.8 times more than the average, but considering the company ' s future profits are growing faster, and as a global tap, the company is ahead of the sea, abroad.
The extensive branding and the space for future global growth, as well as the United States group, which is the global pole of power, also enjoy the company's long-term home-based operations abroad and brand-buying and acquisition, have created a stronger competitive advantage among North America, Europe, Australia, etc., as well as among my country's leading electricians.
Large, mature markets are still growing robustly, emerging markets are expected to grow robustly in overseas markets, with a wealth of experience and capacity in overseas home-grown operations and team management, global platform development, channel building and branding.
There is still about 60 per cent room for growth in the size of the company's earnings in the overseas market, and as the company's profit margins converge towards leading electricity companies abroad, profits from overseas operations double the scope for growth, and the company's development abroad remains promising, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
We have adopted absolute and relative valuation methods that combine multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company ' s free cash flow in the coming years, the calculation of weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and the selection of comparable valuation parameters of the company, all of which have been integrated into many individual judgements, leading to valuation deviations.
(b) We assume that the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, assuming a no-risk interest rate of 2.5 per cent and a risk premium of 6.5 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and that there may still be low estimates or take-off of these parameters.
(b) We assume that in the next 10 years the company will grow by 2 per cent, that the industry in which the company is located may make significant adverse changes in the next 10 years, and that the company's continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to an overvaluation of the company's valuation.
Relative valuation: we have compared the relative valuation indicators of the same or similar domestic white power taps as the company ' s business, glycerines, oceanics, etc., and selected the average of the comparable company pegs in 2024 as a reference for the relative valuation, taking into account the company ' s vanity and growth, and the choice of the home poles.
Current projections are optimistic, leading to an overestimation of the risk of performance over the next three years. There is a risk that the company’s performance over the next three years may be overestimated by an underestimation of the company’s cost, as we anticipate that the company’s sales and management cost rates will continue to decline slightly over the next three years.
The risk of falling market demand due to the slowdown in macroeconomic growth: white domestic electricity products are in the category of durable consumption electrical products, user income levels and expectations of future income growth will have an impact on product purchasing readiness, and if the slowdown in macroeconomic growth leads to a decline in user purchasing power, it will have an impact on industrial growth.
In addition, the slowdown in the real-estate market will have a negative impact on market demand, indirectly affecting the end demand for home-based electricity products. Increased competition in the industry has led to price-war risks: full competition in the white-electric sector, higher product homogenization, and nearness.
Over the years, there has been an upward trend in industrial concentration, but an increase in the size of industrial stocks in individual sub-sectors due to imbalances in supply and demand can lead to risks such as price wars. Moreover, it is becoming increasingly difficult to benefit from rapid technological growth, a shortage of industrial talent, shorter product life cycles and easy to imitate.
Often accompanied by higher sales prices, while companies had to invest more in R & D. The risk of price volatility of raw materials: company products and core parts used mainly metals such as steel, aluminium, copper, raw materials, and large quantities of raw materials such as plastics, bubbles, if the prices of raw materials supply continue to rise.
In addition, the company relies on third-party suppliers for essential raw materials, spare parts and manufacturing equipment, as well as oem suppliers, and any supply disruption or large price increases can have a negative impact on the company’s operations.
Overseas business risks: The globalization of corporate operations has steadily developed, with production bases, R & D centres and marketing centres established in many parts of the world, and the share of overseas revenues rising from year to year. Overseas markets are more affected by local political and economic authorities (such as military conflicts, wars, etc.), legal systems and regulatory systems, as described above.
The risk of exchange rate fluctuations: as the global layout of the company deepens, imports and exports of the company ' s products involve foreign exchange exchange rates in United States dollars, euros, yen, etc., and if the currency in question fluctuates, it will have some impact on the financial position of the company.
In addition, the company’s consolidated financial statements are denominated in the renminbi, while the subsidiary’s financial statements are measured and presented in the currency of the main economic environment in which the entity operates and are therefore at risk of currency exchange.
The company faces a risk of bad debts due to difficulties in recovering its receivables. The risk of a falling inventory price: the company’s 2024h1 inventory carrying a book value of $39.5 billion, as a proportion of total assets in the current period, will result in an increase in the loss of the company’s inventory value, which will adversely affect the profitability of the company.
Fitch impairment risk: the company had previously acquired more and generated more goodwill abroad, and now has 24.3 billion yuan in goodwill and 9 per cent of total assets, and there is a risk that goodwill will be impaired if the acquired business fails to perform as expected.
Changes in policies, real estate policies and related laws and regulations will have an impact on demand for products and, in turn, on the sale of corporate products.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject