The basics of a car continue to improve, and state reform is on its way slightly below our expectations. The company’s operating income has increased significantly, and the loss has been largely due to Madudacx4,
Attez, Pentenx40, etc., is a hot sale, but since the company is currently collating its business and assets, it has focused on identifying losses of 180 million assets in the fourth quarter. Xu's campaigning for the chairman of any of the groups has become more frequent, and it is hoped to accelerate the overall listing of the group by making a clear statement about the need to create an autonomous brand and promote a new one.
In 2017, the company stepped up its new product and built a star car. In 2017, the combined monthly sales of Maadacx-4 and the new Atz were maintained at around 10,000 vehicles, and the next half of the year, when the re-routed vehicles went up to the market, and in January 2018, the Madacx-4 million were broken.
In 2017, the company sold 24,000 vehicles, an increase of 23.8% over the previous year, which led to a significant increase in operating income and a reversal in performance. According to the company’s plan, a brand-new SUV model will be on the market in 2018, and it is expected to be renewed by 40.
▪ Strengthening cost management and increasing business capacity. In 2017, company sales and revenues increased significantly, with a 2.8 percentage point increase in the Māori rate, but sales costs increased by only 13.3 per cent, while administrative costs and financial costs declined, with three rates falling by 3.1 percentage points in comparison, optimizing cost costs.
In four quarters, red flag assets will be completely removed, ineffective and inefficient assets will be disposed of, assets will be recognized for impairment, $180 million will be lost, and the corporate asset structure will be continuously improved.
With the new dynamism of the company, state-owned reforms are expected to accelerate. Xu Yuping has a lot of movement after the director, adjusting the structure of the organization, integrating the group's resources into a powerful and autonomous brand, keeping secrets.
Re-engineering of personnel, appointment of talent, full-time competition for staff motivation, complete divestment of red flag assets, and rationalization of company lines of business. The huge impact of the change is gradually becoming apparent, and the ongoing G1 reform, and Xu Yuping’s transfer, is expected to accelerate the G1 corporate listing process.
1) Reform of a steaming group after a change of command is not as strong as expected; 2) the overall process of listing a gas group is less than expected; 3) sales are lower than expected.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.