In-depth report, Shen Xiaogen, May 19, 2017.
▪ The development of the dibenzene industry is at stake in China’s core competitiveness in the textile industry: the textile industry is one of the few core industries in the country with global comparative advantages, but the two external features constrain the consolidation of its core competitiveness. The upstream raw material rights to the benzene language are monopolized by Korea and 56% of the import dependency is a serious threat.
The domestic demand for 12.36 million tons of benzene alone has reached 9 million tons, with only 1.6 million tons of production capacity available. A strong bond of large aromatic hydrocarbons through refining is not only about strengthening the supply of raw materials, but also about strengthening China’s textile industry.
• Molecularization builds China ' s refining poles: the company intends to acquire 51% of the equity in zolpidem, the first industrial integration project in the country to be planned on a one-time integrated basis according to 40 million tonnes/year of refined oil. In general, the refinery must be 30 million tonnes in size to allow the combined use of aromatic hydrocarbons.
Before, there were no single-base refineries with a capacity of more than 30 million tons in China, and it was almost certain that petrochemicals would be the backbone of China’s refining companies. The process configurations took full account of the low oil price situation, and the material was drained: the petrochemical heavy oil processing was used.
Fixed slag oil with hydrogen + heavy oil catalytic fission + delayed co-focal combination process, programme investment in economics, high oil adaptability, high rate of chemical recovery, low fuel, low domestic construction and maintenance experience. c5 positive separations, etc., are very distinctive and use their best. The project CEP estimates that a total of 196 billion dollars will be collected in both phases.
In comparison with state-run refineries, given the project’s advantages in size, process, structure of finished products, and cost, we believe that the measure is conservative and that the actual benefits may be much higher than that.
The total annual imports of products amount to nearly 42 million tons, up to $43 billion, and the import of alternative spaces. The petrochemical project maximizes the production of aromatic hydrocarbons, yetyl hydrocarbons, and downstream deep-processed products, compresses the size of the finished oil production.
Downstream deep processing areas such as polycarbonate and polyvinyl hydrocarbons, which promote upgrading of domestic related industries. There is no possibility of ironification of oils, and North-East Asian refining patterns are expected to be reshaped: markets fear that private industry entry will lead to excess domestic refining capacity, and the government has in fact begun to tighten its policy of refining, only to comply with the rules.
In addition, attention should be paid to changes in oil refining patterns in North-East Asia, where high-end petrochemicals, such as aromatic hydrocarbons and yetyl hydrocarbons, are currently heavily dependent on Korea and Japan, and the current government is encouraging private enterprises to refine, in order to address this question.
Question. There is reason to believe that private refining projects like petrochemicals will have a profound impact on the refining landscape in North-East Asia.
Ningbo is one of the seven major 60 million tons of petrochemical sites planned by the country, with a quota of 20 million tons of abundance, and the most likely local industry to cut into the field of refined oil in addition to industrial refining.
The company is estimated to have achieved the remaining 20 million tons. The only distance between the pebbles and the gold in Ningbo is from the increase in the rate of gold and petrochemical start-up - 40 km, and the synergies between the two bases will further increase material utilization and increase profitability.
3. Premium petrochemical evaluation report: A quarterly report predicts that it is expected to grow into a 100 billion-dollar private refining giant with a “buy-in” rating over three barrels of oil.
Beautiful, with a significant increase in the same ring ratio - 1. The country ' s leading private petrochemical enterprise - 1.1. The actual controlling person is Mr. Li Shuiyong.
Founded in 1995, the company was formerly Hsiaoshan City Win Seon Seong Textiles Company Ltd., based in Zhejiang Xiaoshan Wei Nobang, which in 2007 was transformed into a joint stock company and renamed the company Eun Seong Seok Pulse. The company was first listed in 2010 at the end of its closing ceremony, and the first private stock collection was completed in December 2015 with $4 billion.
15 The announcement proposed to buy 51% of the shares of Zhejiang petrochemicals Ltd. (Zejiang petrochemicals) in cash from the controlling shareholder. The controlling shareholder group, the de facto controller, Li Xiaoyong, and their associates together held 81.78% of the shares of the company.
The company “Plus-pta-polycerine-wiring-cracking” focused on the polyester main industry, which has grown and expanded from bottom to bottom for more than 20 years.The company was involved in the fumes in 1998: the first private pta production line in the country came into operation in 2005, and the company entered the pta field.
Three major bases were subsequently built up: the gold petrocarbon aromatics project was launched in mid-2015, and the company became the first private enterprise to open the entire industry chain of “diphenyl-pta-polyther-swipe-pnea”. 1.3.6 Production bases, with more than 10 million tons of product capacity, were established.
The company now has a base of 1.1 million tons of polyester production, half a million tons of silhouette, dty 400,000 tons of dty, 300,000 tons of pony, and 3 per cent of the country's long silk production capacity; and three bases, namely, Kyoshan, Ningbo and Hainan.
Possessing 13.55 million tons of total pta capacity, 28 per cent of domestic capacity, 40 per cent of sales, the world's largest, of which the company holds a stock company, participating in the Ningbo, Hainan plants, with an equity capacity of 5.96 million tons; the fully-owned subsidiary Ningbo gold petrochemicals is the aromatic base, owning the largest single set of aromatic devices in the country, producing about 1.6 million tons of dibenzene and 500,000 tons per year.
Pure benzene and 1.1 million tons of chemical light oil, representing 11.4 per cent of the country ' s production of benzene, followed only by China ' s petrochemical and petroleum rankings.
The company has grown with the expansion of pta production since it was listed, and the 2015 harvest (28.7 billion) fell with the fall in the price of the product and again expanded in 2016 with the launch of the Central Golden Pulsified Aromatic Hydrocarbons project. In 2010 and 11, at pta highs, companies made annual net profits of more than $1.5 billion, followed by rapid excess capacity of domestic pta production.
Billions of dollars, a significant recovery in profits, were the result of the Chinese gold aromatics project, which began to be debunked in August last year, and gradually contributed to the profits. In 2016, the company reported a profit of 45.5 billion yuan and a net profit of 1.92 billion yuan, of which the gold and petrochemical camp contributed 11.5 billion yuan, the net profit contributed 1.63 billion yuan, and the profitability increased significantly.
Figure 6: Significant recovery in post-partum profitability of China ' s gold petrochemical production. Figure 7: Decline in pta Maori and high aromatic aromatic profitability.
According to the main structure, the company’s products until 2014 were in the three categories of pta, piled silk, and polyester slices, with pta being the main source of revenue, pta’s share rising by nearly 70% a year over the year, silting by one-fourth, and polyester slices contributing less. In mid-2015, after the gold project was launched, the share of pta collected began to decline, and aromatic hydrocarbons as a new business increased significantly.
According to the Māori structure, the vast majority of Māori pre-2014 came from pta, with a rapid excess capacity after 2012, gross interest rates and Māori falling sharply, and a stable contribution from pulp slicing, while Māori from polyester slices largely did not make a profit. The Māori share of 25% of aromatic aromatic operations was as high as 69%, and the Māori rate was nearly 30% (part of the product consumption tax statistics is poor).
In the post-natal period, China’s new business aromatic aromatic harvest has increased by 1.5 per cent, with the pta sector taking an absolute advantage.
Polyesters are the largest chemical fibre varieties, with applications mainly for long filamentation and short fibres (85%), bottles (10%) and films (5%). The demand for long filament and short fibres comes mainly from the textile industry, which accounts for more than 50% of the demand, and is not related to real estate investment and has a consumption character. Although sales and exports in the textile and clothing industry have slowed in recent years, they are removed.
The impact of falling prices has been a relatively smooth increase in end demand, and the rate of operation of polyester plants has stabilized at between 70 and 80%. The company’s long-line business has been more profitable, with a steady recovery in the Maori rate over the past 15 years.
The company has a 70% capacity ratio, creating an oligarchic pattern. The company and the long-term control of the fugitive petrocarbs, the three main bases of Ningbo, Dalian and Hainan, have become the world’s largest producer of pta, with a total capacity of 13.55 million tons, accounting for 28% of the country’s total capacity, with sales accounting for 40% of the market and an absolute advantage.
Business models, market-friendly strategies, and a range of innovative business strategies, such as spreads, spot trading, forward goods trading, warehouse receipt trading, and handing over, maintain industry’s more competitive edge. The weight of the pta’s influence has become weaker because of its severe problems, and the future pta may become a two-tier pattern of staggering and resilience, and the industry’s voice is further enhanced.
On the evening of 15 May, the company announced that it intended to purchase 51 per cent of the shares of Zhejiang petrochemicals (Zejiang petrochemicals) in cash from the controlling shareholders, with a trading price of 2,586 million yuan, and Zelinization became a controlling subsidiary of the listed company.
The co-development 9 per cent) synchronized two billion yuan in funding ratios, resulting in 51 per cent petrochemical equity assessment at a price of 2,586 million yuan. CED approvals were obtained on 8 May and the project is in its construction phase, one phase of equipment has been acquired, sectoral construction is under way, and it is expected that the full process will be completed by the end of 2018.
The development of the dibenzene industry is at stake for the core competitiveness of the textile industry in the country.
Biphenyls are a feedstock for pta, with 85% of global demand concentrated in Asia. With the rapid expansion of the textile industry and the rapid expansion of downstream polyesters and midstream pta in the country, demand for benzene has grown significantly, with tons in 2010 at an annual compound rate of over 15%, with Asia accounting for nearly 70% and 56% of total global demand.
2.1.2. Slow and severely inadequate domestic production of and supply to the country ' s rapidly growing demand for diphenyl benzene is not matched by a slow process of production and release. Most projects are slow or even impossible due to the pressure and difficulties of project public opinion.
Tens of tons of tons, 6.12 million tons of production, 13.97 million tons in 2016, 9.7 million tons in 2016, with a combined growth rate of 9 per cent and a growth rate of 8 per cent. Supply growth has not kept pace with the expansion of demand, causing a huge supply gap and expanding year by year, with domestic imports of 12.36 million tons of benzene in 2016, reaching an all-time high of 56 per cent.
2.1.3. The monopolization of speech rights over the benzene chain by countries like Japan and Korea, while the expansion of domestic production capacity is limited, neighbouring countries such as Korea and Japan have accelerated their construction of the benzene project, targeting the country ' s huge domestic market demand. In 2014, Asia added 5.9 million benzene production in addition to China and China.
Asia currently produces more than 40 million tons of benzene, or 83% of total global production, and the three countries together account for 70% of Asian production. Asia needs about 32 million tons, but for a number of reasons, Asia’s supply of benzene is tight.
Factories are dependent on imports to neighbouring countries, with external dependence rising from year to year, to 12.36 million tons in 2016, up to 56% of which 70% are imported from South Korea and Japan. While we have a comparative advantage in downstream optics and midstream pta, upstream feedstocks are limited to people.
This is a part of the discourse that has been dominated by neighboring countries such as Korea and Japan, where profits from the industrial chain have been concentrated, and where enterprises in the downstream have suffered.
Figure 18: Global production of benzene is concentrated in North-East Asia Figure 19: Three countries in China and Japan account for nearly 70% of Asia ' s production of benzene Figure 20: The main sources of our imports of benzene are from Korea, Japan and Taiwan
2.1.4. The Government is fully committed to promoting the development of the aromatic hydrocarbons industry, which has seriously threatened the safety of our textile industry chain with more than 50 per cent of imports of benzene year after year.
In late 2014, the State Department released a new version of the Directory of Government-approved Investment Projects (2014 edition) to decentralize new approvals for dibenzene and ethylene projects to provincial governments. In March 2015, the new Minister of the Environment, Chen Qingning, was in two locations.
It was stated that “the Ministry of the Environment has a very clear attitude towards the projects on dibenzene, which are very important for the infrastructure industry, and we will support them, but in accordance with the law and in conformity with the requirements.” In May 2015, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on the implementation of the petrochemical industry planning scheme, which states that “I am
There is a serious shortage of high- and medium-end petrochemical products, such as ethylene and benzene, and there is a greater market potential.
2.2. Future release of benzene production will continue to be slower than expected The most recent significant investment in Asian production was in 2014, with 1.2 million new tons of domestic capacity and 5.9 million new capacity additions to China and China, mainly for the expansion of Korean and Japanese factories such as Hanhua, Sk, jx.
Project expansions for aromatic hydrocarbons have been largely completed, with the remaining projects to be built mainly from domestic, South-East and West Asia, which are significantly slower than expected, with an additional production capacity of nearly 10 million tons planned for 2015-2016 under the original plan, but only 1.6 million tons of gold petrochemicals and a combined 2.1 million tons of natural gas in Kazakhstan in 2015
The country ' s total outstanding capacity is about 15 million tons, which can be divided into two categories, the earlier planned unbuilt capacity, and mainly the Meso-Plus expansion projects, usually under 800,000 tons, which have received wide media and public attention, mostly in the form of mass media.
Construction barriers come from public opinion pressure, and the second phase of Hainan refining, 800,000 tons, has not yet made much substantial progress, and uncertainty remains high, with some projects likely to be out of reach; another category is the recently planned process of refining integration; new projects, aromatic aromatics planning are more productive and investors are large in private polyester chains, such as glory, perseverance, rainbows, but...
In addition to Asia’s outstanding production capacity outside China, mainly from Brunei, India, and Saudi Arabia, which totals about 8.4 million tons. Three of these projects – South Korea’s gscry water, Saudi Rastanura, and Saudi Qizan – have not yet been built.
The greater certainty is that India will rely on 2 million tons of capacity, but it has been delayed, with only 750,000 tons in production, and the rest postponed to 2017. In addition, Saudi Arabia, Rabig 1.35 million tons, and Viet Nam, 700,000 tons of refining, will be ready for production in 2017, but progress is still in place.
2.3. Only one or three devices, including India’s trust, remain substantially unchanged over the next two years, with an additional supply of about 2 to 4 million tons. On the demand side, the Sichuan Sichuan dapta installation has been completed and construction is under way for phase two, and the pyrochemical and ploughing of the pagoda is still under way.
The second phase has passed through the E.R., with 2.2 million-4.9 million tons of pta actually projected for 2017-2018, corresponding to 1.5 million-3.2 million tons of new aromatic hydrocarbons. In addition, it is only a matter of time to reboot with 4.5 million tons of pta, even if the tungsten aromatic aromatic aromatics are allowed to reboot, and 1.4 million tons of foreign demand will recover.
We have measured the sales balance of benzene production in 2018, and it can be concluded that the availability of new production in Asia over the next two years is still limited, and the domestic supply gap for benzene is between 12 million and 14 million tons, in terms of new production capacity.
There will be no substantial change in the pattern of supply of and demand for benzene until another significant release, i.e. before 2019. On the contrary, import dependency will rise further to 58 per cent as domestic pta will continue to be produced and aromatic hydrocarbons will be limited.
We think it is too early for the market to argue that profits in the polyester industrial chain will shift from the downstream of dibenzene. The main reason is that, over the past 15 years, new production capacity has been limited, Asia, especially domestic production, is still slow, supply is still tight, 56% of imports are still scarce, and Asian devices have not had much size and process advantages.
The start-up rate is limited by a number of factors, and exchange rate fluctuations, trade frictions, etc., also affect imports. On the other hand, the mid-protocol pta problem has a reproductive pressure, it takes some time to fully clear, and downstream polyester concentration is low.
By 2013, downstream demand had grown rapidly and Asian production capacity was very limited, with an average price difference of over $500 for benzene-pessal oil, while the average processing cost of equipment for which the oil was purchased outside was about $300, with all aromatic plants enjoying a high profit regardless of process length. Japan and Korea ' s expanded production capacity was released in 2014, and the price difference was collected for a short period of time.
The price of dibenzene and quartz oils fluctuated along with the price of crude oil, and increased profits from oil prices up the entire industrial chain were favourable to the increase in the price margin. Assuming that oil prices were stable, the long-term price differential for dibenzene-pestocerine oils would be based on a pattern of demand for and supply of benzene.
It was decided that the pace at which new production could be released was decisive because of steady demand-side growth. For example, in 2014, the Asia region’s 7 million tons of new production could reduce the price gap from $500 to $400.
For example, arbitrage in the Middle East oil tanker area, North American arbitrage in the diphenylene ship area, refinery loads, demand for gas, unplanned parking of large aromatic hydrocarbons/pta installations, etc. The difference in the price of diphenylene-pestocerine oil in the first half of 2016 was significantly greater, on the one hand, with higher loads of finished oils and loose supply of naphthales; and, on the other hand, to meet demand.
For example, the Kazakhstan National Natural Gas 500,000-ton plant, which was commissioned last year, originally planned to produce dibenzene by September 2015, but was not used for the transfer of much of the raw materials. The price difference since September 2016 has been somewhat higher.
Narrowing, due to the tight supply of stellar oil in North-East Asia as a result of the arbitrage of the Middle East oil tankers to the European region, and the high profitability of Asia's aromatic hydrocarbons, leading to North America's arbitrage of dibenzene vessels. Overall, the short-term shortfall in oil prices for benzene-pesal oils will vary with the supply of raw materials, the load of pta installations, their own supply, trade friction, etc.
The pattern of supply and demand determines the rate of release of new production capacity. It is worth mentioning that the difference in oil prices for diphenylene-stone brain is measured by the average profit level of aromatic hydrocarbons combined for which oils are purchased outside, specifically in the aromatics plant, depending on the plant’s single-line capacity, process length and product structure.
The processing cost of large-scale long-flow devices is well below the industry average of $300. In short, there will be no substantial change in the supply of and demand for aromatic hydrocarbons until the next large-scale energy release, i.e. until 2019, the domestic supply gap will remain above 50% import dependency, and we expect that aromatic hydrocarbons will be available for the next two years.
2.5. Firms of both size and process advantage will win in future competitions by keeping the current view of 67 aromatic devices in Asia, with only 8 of the more than 1 million tons of dibenzene produced.
Only 12%, and up to half a million tonnes of small capacity, or 42%. Of the 17 installations in the country, more than 1 million tonnes, or 30%, and more than 1.5 million tonnes, only two sets of tungsten aromatic aromatic hydrocarbons and Chinese gold petrochemicals, which are the only ones in Asia.
But the size of a single set of capacity does not determine profitability, and there are significant differences in the profitability of the process. For diphenylene-stone, the difference in oil prices for the brain is measured directly by the profitability of intermediate process devices that buy serobic oil as a feedstock, in addition to that.
In Asia, 69% of the 70 units are refined and 12% are based on condensed oil, or fuel oil, while nearly 20% require the outside purchase of quartz oil or dibenzene raw materials. The longer the process, the longer the integration process, the longer it takes.
The higher the product structure, the more profitable it is. Before 2013, when the price of diphenyl-pestocerine oil was more than $500, almost all of the process devices were profitable, with less investment in the process and shorter construction periods, so the return on investment did not vary significantly.
The cost advantage of long-flow devices is evident in the decline in profitability from the large drop-out of production capacity and in the return on investment in short- and medium-flow devices, especially short-flow, short-flow devices based on isomer-grade dibenzene. Three sets of devices with a capacity of 160, 100, 1.4 million tonnes each have a large-scale advantage compared to Ningbo gold, Qing Ridong and Dalian Fukuya.
Upper, 60 per cent of the raw material for Ningbo gold comes from fuel oil refineries, 40 per cent from the out-sourcing of limebrain oil, which is in the medium- to long-term process, with the highest profitability; all of Qingdao Litao oils are out-sourcing, which is in the medium-to-medium process, and the uneconomical and profitable result of re-engineering hydrogen; and about half of Dalian Fukuya's raw material comes from out-sourcing of limebean oil, half from out-sourcing of mixed benzene.
In addition, the existing integrated aromatic plants are mostly attached to refineries, with relatively small production capacity, and the aromatic plant load is usually lower. Short processes lack cost advantages and long processes are limited by the refinery’s start-up to better profits but industry as a whole.
From the above analysis, it can be seen that there are not many firms in Asia that have both capacity and process advantages. Even in the future, the ability to refine integrated large aromatic aromatic capacity will depend on size and flow, even if the price differential for benzene is shifted downwards as a result of production capacity.
The advantage of the process is to win the competition in the future and achieve a higher return on investment. 2.6. Large-scale aromatics are the inevitable option for companies to develop.
The demand for raw materials is 9 million tons, plus unbuilt capacity, and the demand for benzene is 11 million tons in the long term, while the prosperity of existing production capacity is only 1.6 million tons, which is far from being met. A rapid expansion and a strong aromatic chain is the firm’s inevitable option, while large-scale refining integration is essential to guarantee a stable supply of low-cost raw materials.
The point is China Gold Extension and Chelmification of 40 million tonnes of Project Refinement Integration 3. Central gold petrochemicals are highly profitable and have a strong endogenous growth capacity 3.1. Gold projects have an advantage in size and process
Ningbo Gold petrochemicals Ltd. was established in 2004 and its aromatic hydrocarbons project was approved by the CSD and the Department of Environmental Protection in 2006, equity rights were transferred by the owners of the pebbles to the Ping Seong Consort in mid-2009, the entire share of the pebbles was transferred by the Pebbles in 2010 to the Peon Pebbles, and the gold petrochemicals became a fully-funded company.
In August, about 1.6 million tons of benzene, 500,000 tons of pure benzene, 1.1 million tons of chemical light oil, the largest single aromatic aromatic production plant in the world, became operational in August.
The project has a significant advantage over similar installations in the country, as shown by the following:
Oil, fuel oil processing capacity of about 4.3 million tons. The aromatic device is based on self-produced sulfur oils and extracerebral oils, self-produced stones, distilled oils, extracted oils, liquefied petroleum gas and heavy aromatic hydrocarbons, etc. The rehydration generated by the aromatic device is facilitated by the oil refining unit, leading to a recycling economy.
High-purity hydrogen production is fully used to effectively reduce costs. Second, fuel oil at lower prices is used as a feedstock, resulting in significant savings in purchasing costs and avoidance of erosion of production profits due to high price volatility of the scephalian oil. Moreover, under national regulations, companies meet the policy of tax refunds on the import of paracetal oil, fuel oil import and consumption taxes, consumption taxes do not affect profit schedules and cash flows throughout the year.
The cost of investing in this project is $4 billion, with annual depreciation amortized at an average of 15 years of depreciation, close to $300 million and about $200 million in financial costs. Operating costs are low. The project uses a large amount of advanced equipment and devices, it is significantly more automated, and it produces only employees.
More than 800 people are needed, 500-600 fewer than the Chinese petrochemical device. Using the latest technology and the new generation of catalysts, the unit energy consumption and consumption are below the industry average.
Basic facilities such as electricity, gas, sewage, large chemical companies in the region, Ningpolg, Ningbo Daan, chemistry, Aksunorbel chemicals (Ningbo), industrial refining, etc., are located in petrochemical development zones, with significant industrial clustering effects that allow some material and energy to be supplied to each other.
In the near northern zone, benzene products can be digested in Ningbo. 3.2. Central gold petrochemicals have the capacity to expand from endogenous growth.
At the present time, the aromatic plate is fully equipped, but there is room for a step-by-step upgrading of the fuel oil plate load, which will further increase the overall profitability of the gold petrochemicals upon completion of the integrated gas use adaptation project.
In October of last year, the Ningpo Petrochemical Economic Development Area Network published the environmental review document for the Ningpo Gold petrochemical Co. Ltd. 3 million tons per year of pta, including a set of 1.6 million tons of pta in addition to 3 million tons of pta.
The raw material package, we can judge, is already in the planning stage. The total proposed investment in the project is 8 billion yuan, which we believe to be fully capable of growing production from endogenous growth, thanks to the current strong profitability of China's gold petrochemicals.
4.1. The country ' s first 40 million-tonne-grade refining base The total size of the petrochemical refining integration project is 40 million tonnes/year oil refining capacity, with a total investment of 17.31 billion yuan, of which tons/year ethylene; phase II will also be planned for 20 million tonnes/year oil refining and 5.2 million tonnes/year aromatics on the basis of one phase of construction
Hydrocarbons, 1.4 million tonnes/year ethylene. 2,200 persons per full plant, 1,700 persons per full plant, 837.76hm2 per site, 762.60hm2 per year, 8,400h per year. Zhejiang petrochemicals was the country's first refining integration project planned on a one-time integrated basis of 40 million tonnes/year refined oil.
There are only 5 tons worldwide and only 31 single-base plants with more than 20 million tons of capacity. There are currently 18 million tons of processing plants in the country, more than 20 million tons, with the highest capacity of 23 million tons of processing capacity.
To date, there are no single-base refineries with a capacity of more than 30 million tons. The country’s guidelines for the development of the petrochemical industry have merely been designed to create a number of 20 million tons of refined oil production bases in China, with an average size of more than 7 million tons of refined oil.
The National Development Commission has asked the project to focus on the development of high-end petrochemical products such as new chemical materials and specialized chemicals.
Significant efforts have been made to reduce the scale of production of finished oils, and to achieve industrial advances in the size of refined oils, ethylenes, aromatic hydrocarbons devices and resource efficiency.
Crude crude oil: crude oil is designed for a series of high-sulphur intermediates and high-sulphur acids, with high-sulphur intermediates, Iran lightweight 1:1, mixed api31.6, direct distilled cerebral oils have a high rate of harvest and aromatic content; high-sulphur acids.
Designed in phase II, the crude sulfur intermediate based on sand light, sand heavy by 1:1, mixed api30.4. Generally speaking, processing low-sulphur light process is simple, investment low, maintenance low, but crude oil is less adaptable and expensive; processing high-sulfur heavy process is complex, investment is complex.
Refineries are usually designed for high sulphur, coupled with low sulphur processing capacity, and Brazil ' s brade is a typical high-acid heavy-mass opportunity crude oil that enhances its adaptiveness. Fossilized raw materials are stored in light, medium, heavy, acid, sorted and distributed, and can process 80% to 90% of the world ' s crude oil and condensate by means of reconciliation.
Adaptiveness to oil price fluctuations is well suited to the current reality of low oil prices. Heavy oil processing routes: the world’s refined oil raw materials are becoming more and more highly refined, while the choice of heavy oil processing technology routes often determines the profitability of refineries and is at the heart of the refinery’s total processing process.
+ Heavy oil catalytic fragmentation + delayed coke combination process, which is a mainstream processing technique widely used at home and abroad. One example is direct distillation of diesel fuel to hydrogenification, depressure of light wax oil to wax oil to hydrogen fragmentation, constant pressure slag oil, depressure of heavy wax oil, part of desulphation of sulfide, remaining depressurized oil to delay coke, flaring of diesel fuel, catalytic diesel, slag oil to hydrogen sulfon.
Oil, distilled diesel fuel, is used as a fuel source for deep diesel and hydrogen fracking. The two-series of diesel fuel and hydrogen fracking, while addressing the fuel-fuel ratio, have increased the rate of collection of sulfur oil.
Based on distilled sulfur oils with hydrogen, secondary processing of sulfur oils is mainly derived from wax oils with hydrogen fracking sulfate, wood oils with hydrogen fracking sulfonic oils, scalding diesel oils, catalytic diesel oils, slag oils with hydrogen sulfon oils, distillation diesels with hydrogen depths with hydrogen fracking with heavy sulfonic oils with a recombinant feed totalling 800 per period.
Carbon IV, carbon-rich c5, hydrogen-extracted head oil, aromatic residuals, hydrogen-carbated petrocerine oil, light hydrocarbons such as dry gas enrichment c2 and hydrogen-tailed oil (combined at 400 per period). The company ' s cavity separation of c5 is a bright spot for better use.
(b) Directly distilled coal, made of hydrogen concentrate, together with waxed coal, as aviation kerosene: a small distillation of diesel distillation from diesel fuel plus hydrogenification and wax oil plus hydrogenification by-products as diesel fuel.
Hydrogen balance: Hydrogen-producing devices include continuous recombinant, hydrogenification, coal-coated gas units, and ethylene, propane dehydration, styrene units in chemical zones. Coal-coated gas size is 800,000 nm3/h per period, psa size 8+2 x 140,000 nm3/h per phase.
The project has a 40 per cent collection rate of heavy-pessal oil per period, a 8.7 per cent rate of light-pessal oil per period, a 10.4 per cent rate of light-pessal oil per phase of chemical production, which is in line with the planning principles of polyaline, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream chemicals, moderate production of steam-borne coal and minimal production of diesel fuel; the project is currently in the construction phase, one phase of equipment has been procured and sectoral construction is under way and is expected to take place in 2018.
The bottom runs through the process. In the company ' s environmental assessment materials, it is estimated that two phases of the project will yield sales revenue of 1960 billion yuan (one of which is $97.2 billion and one is $98.8 billion) and after-tax profits of $20.3 billion (one of which is $9.7 billion and two is $10.6 billion). In comparison with petrochemicals in Shanghai, smelting, and considering the scale, process, product structure and synergy with the China-Golden base, we believe that the measure is better.
4.3. ZP leads the company into deep processing of aromatic hydrocarbons and promotes the upgrading of domestic industries. ZP projects maximize the production of aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene and downstream products, and significantly reduce the scale of production of finished oils.
In order to address import dependence on high-end petrochemical products, the project post-natal company will effectively address its own pta raw material needs, significantly reduce the supply gap for aromatic hydrocarbons in the country, while the ZP project will lead the company into downstream deep processing of aromatic hydrocarbons and contribute to the upgrading of related industries in the country.
Diol, polyethylene, polypropylene, styrene, polycarbonate, acrylene, mma, etc. are all higher import-dependent species. Total imports of aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream products in 2016 amounted to nearly 42 million tons, with a total import value of $43 billion, which is close to 300 billion yuan, and there is considerable room for import substitution.
4.4 With no possibility of ironification, North-East Asia's refining pattern is likely to be re-established The market is concerned that the entry of private enterprises could lead to excess domestic refining capacity, and we believe that there is a clear competitive advantage in petrochemicals and that domestic competition is not terrible.
The fact that the country has planned seven large 60 million tons of petrochemical bases on the island of Dalian Changing Island, Cao Cao Cao of Hebei, Jiang Sulian-unyun Port, Shanghai Po, Zhejiang Ningbo of Guangdong-hye County and Fujian Gure, is a reflection of the fact that the country ' s petrochemical production capacity, while at the top of the world, is characterized by high levels of industrial concentration, scale and integration, and high levels of external viability of maleene and aromatic products.
The development of high-end petrochemical products is lagging behind, the configuration of the petrochemical industry needs to be optimized, and there is no possibility of a permit for projects outside the above bases. With regard to refining: recently, the Government began to tighten its policy of refining the ground, with a view to the foreseeable future, with documents regulating the pollution, oil standards, taxes and taxes of the production process.
In the current industrial environment, 10 million tons could be the threshold for soil-refining survival, and 15 million tons could provide a basic and reasonable layout. In this sense, the barriers to refining oil will not rise, and future refined plates will become scarce resources, 20 million.
More than a ton of refined oil is internationally competitive, and this is a great advantage for the glory of the petrochemical project. 4.4.2. Stewardship is the country's first 40 million tons-grade refining base, which combines aromatics, aromatics and aromatics.
Optimization of the use of acetylene: process configuration takes due account of low oil price environments and makes the material run out: product structure, high rate of chemical recovery, chemical sword index, 100 billion import substitution; as mentioned above, this is not repeated here.
The company is located in the canoe, which is the main source of oil in the north and south of the finished oil, and is located in the long triangle, the most economically active area in China. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In the provinces, Xiao Shau and Yiu are downstream concentrations of aromatics and broths, and demand in Zhejiang alone can absorb a significant portion of the petrochemical products, with a clear geographical advantage. In terms of finished oils, there is a gap in supply in South-East Asia from the balance of fuel and coal supply in the Asia-Pacific region, and external exports are one of the directions for digestive products.
There is no doubt about the strength of private enterprises in Zhejiang province in terms of their viability and institutional mechanisms. The advantage is ultimately in terms of costs, investments are lower than State-owned enterprises, and the number of jobs is significantly lower than that of State-owned enterprises.
The government fully supported the project, which began with a study by the former Governor of Zhejiang province, Li Qiang, in July 2014, of the Zhejiang chemical fibre-optics industry, which caused severe aromatic aromatic damage.
In the same year, General Li gave instructions on the project during his visit, and the provincial government reported on the petrochemical base building program during his visit to Nakayama in May 2015.
The Ministry, the Central Financial and Economic Leadership Group, among others, led research and study visits. The project established three levels of provincial, municipal and proprietorship units to prepare the leadership group, with the Governor of Zhejiang Province, Yuan Jia Jun, acting as the provincial head of the department, making every effort to promote the project.
We do not think that we should focus solely on domestic competition; we need to focus on future changes in oil refining patterns in North-East Asia. Of the 10 major global refining bases listed in table 7, South Korea accounts for three; table 12 also lists the proportion of individual chemicals imported into South Korea, for which benzene, pure benzene, styrene, ethylene, acetylene, and acetylene are close to 50% or more. Our high-end petrochemicals depend on South Korea.
We look forward to private enterprises moving into the field of refining, gaining competitiveness from Japan and Korea with strong dynamism and creativity, and a shift from a major petrochemical country to a powerful country. There are reasons to believe that petrochemicals,
Private refining projects such as Heung Ji will have a far-reaching impact on the refining pattern in North-East Asia, limited to space, and will not be started in this paper. 4.5. The Chocsan-Ningbo base, which combines the two bases, is built on tiger wings.
Reclamation area, approximately 30 km north-west from the port of the Ocean Hills, approximately 65 km north-west from the petrochemical area of the Golden Hills, about 40 km south-west from the middle of Yong Seongningpo, 6 km east to the south of the island, and 12 km south to the south of the island. There are many future plans, cross-sea bridge connections, and traffic and shipping are easy. The project is planned for the island at 300,000 tons and 1 450,000 tons.
The docks, accompanied by pipelines, were sent to the canyon base and the Nakayama base. Ten thousand tons of refined oil were planned, 23 million tons were now refined in the town, and 20 million tons of rich quota remained after the second phase of construction.
An optimistic estimate is that the company will be able to reach the remaining 20 million tons. The combined long-term refining capacity of the prosperous canon and mid-Ningbo two-base gold is expected to reach 60 million tons, with enough large-scale refining to provide raw material security for the long-term downstream processing planning of the canoe green petrochemical base, and the synergies between the two bases will be further enhanced.
The company has 6 million tons of pta equity, 1.1 million tons of polyester, nearly 1 million tons of silk and 1.6 million tons of dibenzene.
By 40 to 60 million tonnes (51% sequestered shares and 0 to 20 million tonnes medium), the capacity for the production of diphenyl benzene will be ton (not considering the expansion of ethylene capacity in China for the time being). At that time, the company will be far above the size of the refined oil and chemical products in Shanghai (14 million tonnes refined oils, 800,000 tons of ethylenes and 1 million tons of ethylenes). In the long run, it is expected that the company will grow to be in Shanghai.
Figure 32: Pbband’s oil prices have fallen sharply. Companies’ cycle industries, pta, aromatics, etc., are more vulnerable to crude oil prices.
The project is not as fast as expected.