The Top Group (601689.sh) benefits from the rise of the “triple” of automobiles and autonomous brands of nvh, leading in the field of nvh, where core competitiveness provides a high-profit moat. The company is the leading Nvh in the country.
The Nvh component is technically difficult and reliable, and is part of the core zero components of the automobile industry. The company has core technology and capacity for synchronizing development with the entire vehicle manufacturer, research and development of forward-looking products.
The company's average sales rate for the first three years was about 30%, its net profits were about 15%, and it was higher in the auto parts and components industry. In recent years, the supply of aluminium-based control arm, an electronic vacuum pump, and a smart electronic brake system, which was scheduled to be in operation in 2018, has begun to be supplied.
New products, such as corporate ones, will benefit from the “triple” of cars becoming new performance growth points; an increase in the supply ratio of autonomous brands will benefit from the rise of autonomous brands, which will provide greater flexibility for performance growth. New products will benefit fully from the “triple” of automobiles.
Intelligentity is a medium- and long-term trend in industrial development, and companies actively deploy lightly and quantitatively aluminium exercise control arms, electronic vacuum pumps (evp) and smart brake systems (ibs) for new energy and smart vehicles, to cater for future industrial developments, and will benefit fully from high-speed growth in the industry.
The company’s forward-looking layout is expected to break the foreign monopoly and achieve import substitution, with a higher premium. Future performance elasticity is expected, given the increase in the share of autonomous brands supplied and the acquisition of large generic vehicle orders.
The company will benefit from the rapid rise of its own branding companies, such as Gilly, Uplift Cars, and People's Thailand; together, it will receive $2.68 billion in global large orders and international corporate recognition of its power. These advantages will provide greater resilience to the company's growth in revenue and profits over the next few years.
i. Corely competitive nvh parts and components (i) nvh is the necessary way to improve car comfort nvh refers to the noise (noise), vibration, sonic roughness in mechanical motion etc.
Inequal surfaces, etc., can be divided into engine nvh, body nvh, and chassis nvh. Generally speaking, the sense of comfort of the crew in the car, as well as the problems of the strength and longevity of car parts caused by vibrations, fall within the scope of nvh research, which is a comprehensive question of measuring the quality of car design and manufacture, and a necessary way to improve car comfort.
Development and competition have intensified, consumers are increasingly demanding the comfort of cars, especially in passenger cars, and entire R & D firms are paying increasing attention to nvh. The chief engineer of Jili's car said that Jili Group spends about $1 billion a year on the Nvh problem. Statistics show that about one third of car problems are related to nvh, and about one fifth of post-sale problems relate to nvh.
Automobile vibrations, noises, and comforts are not independent, but are interrelated, so their complexity is so high that optimization must be considered systematically and not addressed in isolation. There are two main ways to improve car nvh properties and comfort: first, to improve its vibration and noise sources.
This requires improving the structure of the components that generate vibration and noise, improving their vibration properties and avoiding resonance; improving the balance of the components that rotate; improving the processing accuracy and assembly quality of the components and reducing shocks and frictions between relative motion components; modifying the flow of good gases or liquids to avoid vortexes; improving the body structure of the vehicle and increasing its strength; and imposing measures that are comparable to the amplitude of the noise source.
It's secondary control of the way in which vibrations and noises are transmitted. This requires analysis and improvement of the vibrations and noise transmission properties of the structure so that they have a significant decaying effect on vibrations and noises rather than magnifying; optimization of the design of engine suspensions and reduction of the vibrations of engines to the body of the vehicle; improvement of the suspension system to block the transmission of vibrations; and adoption of those suitable for flat vibrations.
(b) The analysis and improvement of structures, in particular the sealing of the body of the vehicle, with a view to improving its sealing performance; and the study and application of various sound-sorting materials, soundproofing materials and soundproofing structures, with reference to sound-sniffing and sound-proofing properties within high cars, etc.
The company is the leading supplier of Nvh parts in the country, with key spare parts products in both areas in vibrating and noise source control, vibration and noise source transmission control, and can provide Nvh system solutions for the whole downstream garage. (ii) The company ' s main product
The company's main products are car rubber shock products and soundproof products, which are divided into suspensions, tremors, liners and automobiles, and four series of soundproofing devices. The seismic products are: suspended (engine suspensions, gear box suspensions), lined (publishers, side-carsing, conveyor-axis, suspension, etc.), rubber decomposition products, such as staggers, etc.; and soundproof products, such as front panels, suitcase partitions, etc.
Top sheds, main carpets, etc.; sealed products are mainly doors, window seals, etc. Engines are used mainly to control vibration and noise sources; suspension, lining, soundproofing and sealing are used mainly to control vibration and noise transmission routes.
The domestic market for car shock products was previously dominated by foreign capital such as East China Sea Oak, Korea Pin, Kandytek in Germany, Cooper in the United States, and joint ventures or sole proprietorships such as Antórin in Spain and Perze in Germany. After more than 30 years of efforts, the company’s rubber shock products continue to take over the market for foreign products and have been able to develop a three-tier combination of high-tech suspensions and active suspensions.
The market ranking for soundproof products has also been stabilized and there has been greater competition. Figure 4: Total auto power in suspense distribution. Figure 5: Trends in auto power in suspense.
Figure 6: Distribution of soundproofing products in cars Figure 7: Classification of soundproofing products in cars Figure 8: Transmission routes for noise and vibration in vehicles
In recent years, the company has developed new products such as aluminium, aluminium exercise, control arm, electronic vacuum pump, and has begun to equip the entire factory; the smart brake system (ibs) is expected to be in 2018 in order to accommodate light quantification, new energy and intellectual development of cars.
The start of production will break the domestic pre-eminence in this area by breaking the monopoly of car electronic giants such as Bosch in Germany. (iii) Core competitiveness provides high profits with moat 1 and large clients ' acquisition capacity
In the area of nvh, the company is a small number of suppliers in the country that have the capacity to develop a global whole-of-a-car complex, and its clients are now covered by the global top-notch foreign-breeding plants, such as general systems, popular systems, and Jili cars, on-board motor vehicles, wide-broads, long-ass autonomous brands, etc. In 2015, the company became a global Gme2x platform of the United States.
Products such as hydraulic decomposers have already been introduced for a life cycle of eight years (the project ' s supply over eight years is estimated to be RMB 1 billion, according to US General Forecasts). In October 2016, the company received a generic global fixed-point order of $1.68 billion, which revolved around the simultaneous development of the nggem platform nvh seismator, which is expected to start in March 2019.
The signing of a series of major orders has further expanded the company's leading position, giving rise to a long-term upturn in future performance, 2 and forward-looking product R & D capabilities, which have evolved over the years and, in addition to traditional seismic and noise products, have introduced an electronic vacuum appropriate to new trends in technology development.
New products, such as pumps, aluminium-exercise control arm, and smart brake system. Electronic vacuum pumps and aluminium-exercise control arm have begun to shape the entire factory, and the smart brake system is scheduled to be marketed in 2018, and will be matched by future smart cars.
Figure 12: Company electronic vacuum pump products, Figure 13: Smart brake systems (German World Products), 3 and high profitability is expected to be sustained
In the first three quarters of 2016, the company achieved operating income of 2,625 million yuan, an increase of 23.71% over the same period; the mother ' s net profit of 424 million yuan. In the first half of 2016, the company ' s main income was derived from shock absorbers and soundproof products, accounting for about 90%.
In terms of profitability, net interest rates are rising year by year, well above the average in the car parts and components industry, with higher levels of profitability. We believe that companies have core competitiveness in traditional products, new products are breaking down, global large orders are guaranteed, and so on.
A high level of profitability in the future is expected to be sustained in the context of the resonance of the profit factor.Figure 16: Net interest rates for the last five years
It also leaves much room for dilution of major shareholders through equity incentives and refinancing, which will contribute to the efficiency of the company's future management and production. Second, forward-looking product layouts will benefit from the “triple” of automobiles, which, since the turn of the twenty-first century, have ushered in a period of great change, of light quantification, of new energy and of intelligence.
The underlying drivers of technological development are more stringent energy conservation, environmental protection and safety requirements. Cars are lightly quantified into thin vehicles, using energy savings to design and manufacture a total of zero items on the basis of ensuring a steady increase in performance, and continuously optimized. Experiments have shown that fuel efficiency could increase by about 6-8% if the whole vehicle were to be reduced by 10% in weight;
With a 1% reduction in vehicle weight, fuel consumption can be reduced by about 0.7%; vehicle preparation quality can be reduced by about 0.3-0.6 litres per 100 km. The main ways of lightly quantifying cars are through improved structural design, new materials, and new processes.
The application of materials is the best lightly quantified for automobiles and has become a priority technology cut-off point for the world’s major car factories. Aluminium alloys are the largest share of new materials for lightly quantified cars, while carbon fibres, titanium alloys, magnesium alloys, high-power plastics, etc., are still very small because of higher costs or technological difficulties.
In addition to not using fossil fuels, such as fuel, new energy cars, which have been valued by governments and large-scale enterprises in recent years, have significant advantages in energy conversion efficiency, contributing to energy conservation and reduced emissions of harmful gases, such as co2. The government has set up an ambitious new energy car promotion program, with the goal of selling $2 million annually in new energy cars by 2020.
To that end, the Chinese government has developed an industrial subsidy policy that will facilitate the development of new energy vehicles, which will continue until 2020. Among domestic automobile companies, Gilli is more radical in that it plans to sell about 90% of annual sales of new energy vehicles by around 2020.
Intelligentity has grown with advances in car electronic technology, most notably driven by growing consumer demand for safety, and urban managers’ desire for intelligent traffic to address growing congestion. In the past, car intelligence has focused mainly on automatic control and increased auxiliary driving functions, and in recent years as a result of new car-making and Internet-based businesses.
As we enter, car intelligence is accelerating towards higher stages of autopilot. According to a study by the United States Highway Safety Authority (nhtsa), the current level of smart cars has increased significantly in safety relative to traditional ones.
It was also mentioned in China's manufacturing of 2025 that intelligent cars equipped with smart assistive driving systems would reduce traffic accidents by 30 per cent, and (i) electronic vacuum pumps would benefit from the high growth of new energy vehicles, and in response to the trend of new energy vehicles, forward-looking company-driven electronic vacuum pumps (evp) and other core car electronics would be produced.
It is expected that future electronic vacuum pump operations will continue to grow at a high rate and will gradually become the weight of corporate revenue and profit growth. Vehicle vacuum pumps will be used primarily in braking systems, providing a vacuum source for vacuum enablers in car braking systems and reducing pedal resistance.
Power, thereby reducing the brake distance. When vehicles and light commercial vehicles are equipped with engines that do not have a stable vacuum source, a vacuum needs to be created. Pumps provide a vacuum source for vacuum boosters, such as diesel engines, turbo boosters and direct-jet gasoline engines, hybrid power and electric power, which are engines that do not generate a stable vacuum source.
Currently, vacuum pumps in the market can be divided into mechanical vacuum pumps and electronic vacuum pumps in a driver-driven manner. Mechanical vacuum pumps have the advantages of being simple in structure and low in cost, but, as technology progresses, electronic vacuum pumps are also a product of intense development by the firms concerned.
As conventional engines use more turbo-pressure and direct fuel-jet techniques, combined power and pure electric vehicles become more common, and in the future mechanical vacuum pumps will be retained only in commercial vehicles and small-scale vehicles, and electronic vacuum pumps will be used overwhelmingly.
Most of the current market for auto vacuum pumps is occupied by foreign companies, such as Waboc in the United States, Hella in Germany, Bosch in Germany, and Mikuni in Japan. The company began producing electronic vacuum pumps in 2013 and giving them to domestic owners.
The supply of cars has opened up the pace of import substitution, which has gradually opened up the domestic mainstream of the gas industry, the general public, the Chang Anffort, the joint ventures and the domestic mainstream autonomous brands such as Mitsubishi, Gilly, and Motome, and has begun to enter the global supplier system of Audi and BMW. Companies have now become the largest and most technologically powerful electronic vacuum pump producers in the country, 2016.
The annual company announcement provides for a total of $650 million in additional and self-financing for electronic vacuum pump capacity expansion projects, with a two-year construction cycle of 2.6 million units. The completion of new capacity-building will help to narrow the gap with foreign competitors and enhance the company’s position in the vp domain.
Figure 21: Map of the role of vacuum pumps Figure 22: Automobile electronic vacuum pumps Electronic vacuum pumps are mainly used for motor types and new energy vehicles equipped with turbine boosters.
We sell 24.5 million vehicles, of which about 7 million are equipped with turbo boosters, and the penetration rate of the new car market is close to 30%, which is expected to continue to increase in the future. According to the Chinese Motors Journal, our annual sales of 507,000 new energy vehicles in 2016, representing only 1.81% of the total annual sales of vehicles, are projected to continue to increase in the future.
The target set by the country is to sell 2 million new energy cars by 2020, with a holdings of 5 million, with an average annual compound increase of about 41%, which is a high rate of increase. Rapid growth in the sale of new energy vehicles and a significant increase in market share will provide very large scope for rapid growth of thevp.
(ii) The smart brake system accelerates the pursuit of international leadership.
A road map for automobile technology, published in October 2016, envisages the development of an initial smart-networked auto self-innovation system by 2020, including 1) conditional auto-drivers and 50% of new vehicle equipment at lower levels (da, pa, ca); 2) a 30% reduction in traffic accidents, a 10% increase in traffic efficiency and fuel consumption.
Reduction of 5 per cent in emissions; target of 2030 for basic construction of smart networked motor vehicle industrial chains and intelligent transport systems, including 1); 80 per cent of new vehicle equipment for da, pa, ca, ha, fa; and 2) 80 per cent reduction in motor traffic accidents, 30 per cent improvement in traffic efficiency for ordinary roads and 20 per cent reduction in fuel consumption and emissions.
The five phases of smart driving, which are classified by the mintsa (National Road Traffic Safety Administration of the United States), are widely accepted by the automobile industry. Its medium-stage 1 vehicles begin to intervene in braking and shifting to one of the controls, sharing part of the driver’s hand and foot moves through the adas system, mainly with functions such as self-adaptation cruises (accc), track maintenance (lka), auto-emergency braking (aeb).
The driver’s attention remains to keep driving in order to take over the vehicle at any time. But, unlike in the case of l1, it is almost possible to free the driver’s hands and feet.
More than 99 per cent of the 20 car manufacturers (General, Ford, Fiat Chrysler, Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Majuda, Mitsubishi, Fuji Heavy Industries, Modern, Kia, Odys, BMW, Daimler, Popular, Porsche, Volvo, Masharati, Jaguar Lugger, Tesla) have agreed to make automatic emergency brakes (aeb) a national standard on 1 September 2022.
Regulations are usually made in close proximity to the European and American markets, and the standards for aeb are expected to be published in 2017. At the practical application level, active safety techniques at this stage (e.g. blind spot testing, traffic deviation alerts) have become widely available and have begun to be detected from medium- and high-end vehicles to medium- and low-end vehicles of around $100,000: level 1 self-adapted cruises, lanes, etc.
Smart assistive driving systems (adas), such as maintenance of functionality, automatic emergency brakes, are still mainly applied to medium- and high-end vehicles, but gradually move towards systems such as auto-emergency (aeb) auto-retrenchment systems that are self-adapted to cruise (accc) lanes (idw) in order to achieve the goal of a more cost-effective vehicle configuration that attracts more consumers.
The Tesla and Volvo cars have now begun to apply semi-automatic driving technology in the new listed vehicle type, which will drive substantial advances in autopilot technology and promote diffusion of technology in the 1-4 level. In order to achieve automatic driving at the 1 3-l4, auto-brake systems are essential!
Automatic brake systems (aeb) consist mainly of sensor devices, control devices, execution systems, etc.. Sensitization systems include millimetre waves, laser radars, single-sighted cameras, two-sighted cameras, etc. The control system is a stand-alone ecu, the implementation system is a straight flow power drive, which acts as a booster for drivers. The automated brake system currently in the market is dominated by industry leaders.
The ibooster product, which consists of pedal-trip sensors, electronic control units, boosters and electric machines, achieves three major advantages: 1) increasing the sensitivity of brakes and reducing car crashes such as tailings; 2) increasing energy efficiency through energy recovery; and 3) making cars more comfortable because of the sensitivity of the electrical control response and the smoother control of the brakes.
Because aeb’s technological barriers are so high that companies that are able to develop and produce the technology are so scarce that the main products of the caricature brake system are concentrated in a few products such as iboosters in the world, embs that are co-developed by the mainland and the Sky. Companies, relying on large firms such as the Aeb General, have already accumulated a considerable amount of technology in the aeb field.
The sum of $1.962 billion ($2.211 billion in total investment) was spent on a smart brake system project, which was built over two years, with an annual capacity of 1.5 million units and an expected lifetime of 2018. The construction of a company smart brake system would help to break the monopoly on foreign giants and reduce the cost of purchasing the entire company, improve the competitiveness of domestic auto-drive technology, and promote the popularization of auto-drive cars.
According to ihs, auto active safety products such as ibs are projected to grow by about 26% in combination over the next decade, with a very large pre-market scenario. The company’s forward-looking layout of this business will raise the company’s position in high-end car electronics and create new growth space for unearned growth!
On 23 August 2016, the company received the Supply Agreed Point (Agreement) from Tesla, the United States, and formally became a Tesla supplier to supply light-quantified aluminium alloy chassis components to Teslamodel3.
According to Tesla ' s announced sales volume, the cumulative sales volume was 50580 in 2015 and 76230 in 2016. Tesla ' s Vice-President for Business Development, Diamud O ' Connor, publicly stated at theveree-mobility conference that his new vehicle model had been acquired.
Nearly 400,000 orders, expected to be produced and delivered by the end of 2017 or 2018, are currently being used by the company for light-quantified components of the chassis, mainly aluminium alloys and aluminium-based control arms, mainly from domestic sources such as spleen gas, east wind willows, Jiang bell cars, a car, Gilly cars, and the joint-venture brand Shanghai commons, and Chang An Fortori.
According to studies by international authorities such as ntsa, a 10 per cent reduction in the weight of the vehicle, an increase in fuel efficiency of 6 to 8 per cent, a reduction in fuel consumption of 0.3 to 0.6l/100 km for every 100 kg reduction in vehicle preparation, and a reduction in carbon dioxide of 5 g/km. Light conversion is therefore one of the most effective ways to improve vehicle fuel efficiency and achieve energy-saving emission reductions.
In the technology road map published by the Ministry of Technology and Communications in 2016, emphasis was placed on the light-quantified automobile industry, which was gradually being applied from the initial race to the lower-middle-end model. Light-quantified cars can reduce the quality of vehicle preparation, thereby increasing motority and manipulation, reducing fuel consumption, and reducing exhaust pollution. But light-quantified requirements for vehicle strength, strength, model, safety are not reduced, or even counterproductive.
There are higher safety performance requirements, and there are higher technical requirements and barriers to completing R & D and mass production of lightly quantified automobile products. The light quantification of cars is generally achieved by changing the structural design, process flow, and materials of engines, transformers, suspensions, bodies, and other attachments, of which the use of lightly quantified materials is most evident in terms of weight reduction and has been widely used by a wide range of car enterprises.
Formerly, the main materials used for lightly quantifying cars were carbon fibres, magnesium alloys, aluminium alloys, titanium alloys, fibreglass, plastic composites, high-strength steel, etc. Audi, for example, used the body of aluminium at its earliest to reduce the weight of a car by matching it with plastic composites; BMW x1 fully aluminum of the engine, x6 using aluminium alloy wheels, and i3 new car types even started to use carbon fibre materials.
Aluminium alloys are also used extensively in general purpose vehicles ' Cadillac 6 body and chassis, which contain 62% aluminium weights roughly equal to those of smaller medium-sized sedans cts.
Since its inception in 1983, the company has been in the area of Nvh spare parts, mainly autonomous brands and generic whole-of-a-business attachments. Over the last three years, the company’s ratio of support to autonomous brands has gradually increased with the emergence of a strong brand, with General Mitsubishi being the first customer in recent years.
We combed up a few of the company's big star car companies that provide support services, and we judged that, as these star companies enter a new centralized listing cycle over the next few years, it will bring greater flexibility to the company's future performance growth.
A total of 2.13 million vehicles will be sold annually, with a sustained high growth rate. In 2017, General Mitsubishi will upgrade the existing model and expand the product line. It will introduce small-scale suv-bob 510 and new-energy car models, and there will be room for growth. (2) Upwinding the group. The upper group is one of the company ' s main customers, with a total sales of 6.49 million in 2016, equal to the corresponding amount.
Growth of 9.95%. In 2017, on the basis of steady growth in the existing pattern of vehicles, the new pathl, teramont and Scordacodiac will be marketed centrally, targeting 600,000 vehicles (320,000 in 2016), with the total number of vehicles sold by the group expected to exceed 7.1 million and the rate of increase expected to be flat or above the 2016 level.
Gilly was the company’s second-largest customer in 2015, matching the best-selling models of De Hau, Boeung, Borret, and others. Gillie’s cumulative sales in 2016 were 766,000, a 50% increase over the same period; and a sales target of 1 million in 2017 and 2 million in 2020 was announced. According to its sales in November and December 2016, it was more than 100,000.
In view of the favourable factors, such as the higher number of new vehicles on the market in 2017, the effort to sell a total of over 1 million this year is an approximate event that will result in a growth rate of about 31%. (4) Other than the above-mentioned assistive car companies, the company's support companies include the Guangtae, Biadei, Tesla, etc.
In 2017, the number of cars will be on the market for new, highly competitive suv-type cars, such as Big Mac-7, which is expected to grow. The company’s current suspension system, which is largely driven by Thai cars, will benefit from the high growth in the best-selling of new and old cars.
In summary, the company has a number of high-quality client resources, including: Chrysler, General, Ford, Volvo, Audi, the general public, Mercedes, BMW, top-of-the-art car manufacturers abroad, and post-sale brand manufacturers in Europe and America, as well as top-of-the-art domestic joint ventures such as auto utility, big crowds, Chang Anfort, Beijing Mercedes, as well as Gilly, upper-air Mitsubishi, upper-air vehicles, public-tele.
The country’s leading autonomous branding companies, such as the Automobiles, the Morning Group, and the Fukuda Cars, are also second-tier apparel companies for first-tier suppliers such as Fugia and Natefu. Companies will benefit not only from the rapid growth in domestic car sales, but also from the emergence of autonomous brands, and the elasticity of performance in the coming years is expected to be further released.
(i) Competing analysis with the same type of company The company has the domestic leading simultaneous R & D and system integration capabilities. In 2014, the share of orders obtained by firms in simultaneous R & D was about 80%. The R & D level is the highest in the country, it is also highly competitive internationally, and the production equipment is the leading in the country, for example.
Companies have high-quality and stable customer resources. Clients include domestic car manufacturers, such as Shanghai General, Gilly, Chang Anford, Voltage General Mitsubishi, Volkswagen, Upper Steam, Biadi, Beijing Benz, Jiang Huai, Jiang Suzuan, Fukuda, Dong Feng.
Cars, etc., foreign clients include Global Commons, Chrysler, Odie, BMW, world-renowned spare parts manufacturers, Leo, Faeby, etc. We have selected China shares, New Age shares, Asia Pacific shares, and Van An Tsi for comparison.
All leading domestic Nvh suppliers, Asia-Pacific shares and the Van AntTech’s national production support system, with their reliable quality and relative size, have grown at the highest rate of growth, both in terms of operating income growth and net repatriation in the first half of 2016, at a much higher rate of profit than that of other companies of the same type. In comparison with profitability, the net asset yields of companies are also higher than the comparable public.
Division, with a net interest rate of 16.16 per cent for sales and a higher profitability. (ii) Prospective and assumed profitability of the company ' s four major business sections, based on operating income and operating profits for 2013-2015 and our judgement of future trends in the industry, respectively
The Division’s main products for the coming years are seismometers, soundproofing products, aluminium exercise control arm, smart electronic brake systems for profit predictions, and fake tremors. The company’s seismic products are highly reliable, technologically mature, well-managed, and branded.
So we believe that the company’s revenue and growth rate will continue to grow robustly. Figure 46: Vibration-resilient income and growth rates, sound-proof products. The company’s sound-proof product is the second largest portion of its income composition, and the technical strength of the product is in the country.
Inner firms have the sixth largest share of the market, serving mainly the oem market. Although the overall automobile industry is up, companies such as East Sea Oak, Korea Pilgrim, Germany, Kandytek, and the United States, Kubo, are actively entering the domestic market, where competition is intense, and we expect steady growth in soundproof products.
The production of 800,000 sets of soundproofing products is under construction and will contribute more to performance. Aluminium exercise arm. Lightly quantified products such as aluminium exercise arm in a company ' s auto hangar, more traditional steel-plate impulses, lighter pressure-control arm quality, more mechanical performance, and more environmentally friendly process.
Producers provide that corporate products will gradually break the foreign monopoly and obtain more orders. Teslamodel3 will purchase the Department’s suspense-backed products, and such performance is expected to grow at a high rate in the future.
Smart electronic brake systems. The company's management is keen to capture the direction in which smart cars and new energy vehicles are developing, pre-positioning. The e-vacuum pump product release has yielded initial results, the second-generation smart brake system has been tested and partially tested, and the collection of funds will be invested in smart electronic brakes in 2017.
Products, benefiting from the rapid development of smart cars, the company is expected to embrace new opportunities for development, a high-speed increase in business, and we assume that the smart electronic brake system will receive $100 million in 2016-2019, $250 million in 2016, and that the company ' s main products are shock absorbers, soundproof products, aluminum-control arm and smart electronic brake systems, and that the company will operate from the realm of nvh.
In 2016, corporate fund-raising will be directed to electronic vacuum pumps and smart electronic brakes, moving into the core parts of electric and smart cars, which will help companies to improve business layouts and share their clients’ resources, and to synergize. With the completion of future targeted fund-raising and the release of new products, future profitability and competitiveness are expected to increase.
2. Sales of additional supporting vehicles were lower than expected.