The negative impact of the Shanghai Medicines (601607) depth report that business is affected by the double vote system, which will reduce the consistency of the assessment of the contribution to industrial development, will come to an end in favour of a higher flow of upstream and downstream capabilities.
The short-term negative impact of the ticketing is expected to end in the second half of 2018, and in the long term, the two-vote system will raise the market share of Wei Hong Mei Li's leading company, so we should be the leading company in the pharmaceutical circulation industry.
The focus is on investment targets. On the other hand, since the introduction of a two-vote system is bound to facilitate the growth of large-scale mobile enterprises with high-quality upstream resources and a well-developed network of downstream channels, the selection of targets should also take into account the profile and strategy options of an enterprise for upstream and downstream.
In two ways, we believe that Shanghai medicine, as a leader in the industry, will benefit in the long term from the increase in market share resulting from the two-vote system; and that the company has a strong bargaining power up and down, and will be upstream in Lulitone.
The acquisition of Kandler’s Chinese business has helped companies to steal hundreds of billions of prescriptions from the market.
The market for emigration is about 130 billion yuan and the market space is large. Candler China now owns 30 dtp pharmacies in our country, plus more than 40 dtp pharmacies owned by the company itself, and the company will become the country’s largest dtp pharmacy operating entity when it acquires Kandler’s business in China.
Business synergies will be achieved between the company and the dtp Pharmacy in Kandler China, mainly upstream drug financing and transport distribution, which will facilitate companies' access to more upstream, high-quality drug resources and thus increase downstream sales, and facilitate the integration of distribution chains in order to increase distribution efficiency and reduce costs.
Roe(ttm) actively promotes the consistency evaluation, which is expected to capture the share of the market for imported drugs.
On 20 October of that year, the company registered 83 varieties, 156 of which were subject to reference formulations. The 83 varieties, 63 of 156, and 120 of which were in the 289 catalogues. If, according to this foreign firm, about 50% of the original drugs were replaced by generics that were evaluated in a consistent manner, the 83 items were replaced by generics.
The import substitution effect of these 83 varieties will release 16.65 billion yuan of market space throughout the country, if measured on the basis of a 1:4.5 ratio between the sales of priority urban hospitals and the national sales.
The Division’s consistency evaluation is progressing well, and it is expected that it will capture the market share of imported pharmaceutical products. During the period, the retail market for medicines became more competitive and the evaluation of consistency was less advanced than expected.
Shanghai Medicines is a large pharmaceutical industry group listed in Hong Kong and is at the heart of a large healthy industry under the banner of controlling shareholders. The company's first shareholder is Shanghai Medicines (Group) Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the Shanghai Medicines Group), which holds 26.65% of the company's shares: followed by Shanghai Business (Group) Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and Shanghai.
The company’s main business covers the distribution of medicines, industry and zero sales, and its persistence in innovative development, lean management and capital-driven leadership over the years.
In terms of distribution of medicines, the company’s distribution operations are among the top three in the country, maintaining a nationwide commercial network. In 2017, the distribution network covered the country’s 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, directly covering the country’s 24 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions through holding companies.
Chain-based solutions, in close partnership with major manufacturers of medicines, both domestically and internationally. Companies distribute a wide variety of products, covering more than 20,000 medical establishments.
Distribution services for terminals, retail terminals and third end and other value-added services, and obtaining price differentials. Companies are responsible for the pharmaceutical business, whose subsidiaries are mainly upper-drug holdings and upper-pharmaceutical gardens. In the pharmaceutical industry, the corporate pharmaceutical industry ranks first in the country, with products focused mainly on digestive systems and immuno-degradation,
Cardiovascular, whole-body anti-infection, neurosynthetic and anti-cancer treatment areas, producing more than 800 pharmaceutical products a year, more than 20 formulations, through marketing models of self-employment and recruitment agents, and through marketing channels of distributors, agents and agents, cover most of the hospital terminals and retail terminals in the country. Companies insist on promoting treatment areas with a focus on priority products.
Strategies to build efficient marketing, production, research systems, and to upgrade capacities for extended M & As and internationalization in order to achieve and sustain faster developments in the pharmaceutical industry. Companies use innovative R & D as a driving force for sustained business development, commit themselves to providing safe and effective drugs for the treatment of major and chronic diseases, sustain research and development inputs and sustain collaborative models and development mechanisms.
The companies’ subsidiaries in charge of pharmaceutical industry operations include Shanghai Sorority, Shanghai Lifelongization, Shanghai Newa, East English Pharmacy, Changzhou Pharmacy, Shanghai West 3D, Jung Dae Yingbao, and Qingjia Wind, 13 subsidiaries. In the retailing of medicines, the retail sales of companies are among the leading countries in the retail trade of pharmaceuticals in 16 provinces of the country.
There are more than 1,892 retail pharmacies in the city. The Shanghai Pharmacy under the company’s flag is one of the largest retail pharmaceutical companies in the East China region, and Shanghai’s Healthy Medicine Clouds are working to create a new model of pharmaceutical power providers based on electronic prescriptions.
Three types of pharmacy service end consumers sell chain pharmacies, dispensaries on the side of medical institutions, and dtp dispensaries.
In 2017, the Māori rate recovered and the net asset rate of return increased. The company ' s combined Māori rate has generally declined in recent years, and the decline in Māori in Māori is due mainly to the decline in Māori in the company ' s pharmaceutical business business. This indicator in the company ' s pharmaceutical business continues to be positive because of the increase in the company ' s asset-liability and total asset turnover rates.
The cost rate for the period needs to focus on the cost of sales, as both the company's pharmaceutical business and the pharmaceutical industry's business have high requirements for access to and maintenance of downstream customer resources, which require companies to conduct regular lectures, activities, such as academic promotion of new medicines, clinical medicine research, marketing campaigns, variety promotion and counter-information for hospitals and medical students.
The costs of these series of downstream marketing efforts are mainly related to the remuneration and benefits of the workers concerned, marketing and advertising costs, travel and conference costs, which amounted to 81.35 per cent of the company ' s sales costs in 2017. The company ' s sales costs have declined in recent years, from 5.84 per cent in 2012 to 5.02 per cent in 2016.
This may be one of the reasons for the decline in the turnover of corporate receivables. On the one hand, a contraction in corporate receivables from marketing activities has reduced the company’s bargaining power downstream. On the other hand, given the year-on-year decline in sales costs, the company’s performance has continued to grow faster in recent years, indicating a firm’s competitive advantage in the industry, and business is more evident.
In 2017, the sales cost of companies rose by 0.64 per cent, compared to 4.63 per cent in retail operations. Further, in 2017, the net sales of companies increased by two. The share of sales of priority varieties in industrial income was 56.92 per cent, compared to 0.75 per cent.
Rapid growth is mainly due to the high priority that companies attach to the development of marketing systems, the persistence of bid management, the creation of specialized and highly qualified marketing teams, the promotion of fine management of marketing channels and the continued creation of a first-class marketing system.
2.1 Drug circulation sales have declined and market concentration is on the rise. The country ' s total merchandise sales in the drug circulation sector have been growing at a relatively rapid rate in recent years, rising by 10.71 per cent from $111.4 billion in 2012, mainly as a result of policies such as health insurance fees, zero additions to medicines, reduced prices for tenders, double-counting and control of drug use.
The period of rapid growth driven by the expansion of health care coverage in the pharmaceutical sector has come to an end. If the distribution of drugs is divided by the distribution channels, it can be divided into parts for wholesalers and parts for final sales (pure sales). In 2012-2016, the share of wholesalers fell from 43.9% to 40.9% in 2016; the share of sales of pure sales went from 40.9% to 40.9% in 2016.
On the one hand, there has been a decline in the size of the market in the drug-flowing sector; on the other hand, there has been a gradual increase in market concentration in the sector. According to the report on statistical analysis of the operations of the drug-flowing sector, published by the Ministry of Commerce, the share of the country ' s drug-flowing sector, topp 100 enterprises, rose from 63 per cent in 2011 to 70.9 per cent in 2016, and has accelerated since 2014.
In 2015, the United States pharmaceutical circulation industry was 90%, the United Kingdom 75%, France 68%, and Germany 47%, which is higher than the country’s 33.5%. There is still much room for increasing the market concentration of the pharmaceutical circulation industry in Europe and the United States.
2.2 The two-vote system, which will continue to increase market concentration, has been fully implemented in our country. Since the 2016 Shandong vaccine incident, more policies have been put in place in the field of medicine circulation to regulate the functioning of the industry, guarantee the safety of medicines and reduce the price of medicines.
In 2016, eight departments, including the Medical Reform Office of the State Council, issued a circular on the introduction of a two-vote system for the procurement of medicines in public medical institutions (on a trial basis).
In 2017, the Office of the State Council issued its Opinions on the Further Reform of Policies for Improving the Distribution and Use of Drug Production (State Office, Communication No. [2017] 13), stating that the two-vote system would be fully implemented in 11 pilot provinces and 200 pilot cities for the reform of public hospitals, with a view to moving the two-vote system to the whole country in 2018.
This policy has been introduced to reduce the chain of drug circulation, avoid excessive links leading to high prices and reduce the price of end-of-life drugs, and facilitate health-care costs.
To go, pharmaceutical industries usually sell medicines to agents on the basis of a base price agent, which can avoid a turnover tax by means of a low invoicing ticket, while some of them earn profits by “rolling out.” With the change in business and the introduction of a double vote system, there will be a higher degree of standardization in the field of medical circulation, with a “roll out” of votes.
In addition, the National Plan for the Development of the Drug Circulation Sector 2016-2020, published by the Ministry of Commerce, states that by 2020, I will be in a position to increase the concentration of the industry by 2020.
At least 90% (86% in 2015) of the country’s pharmaceutical wholesaled 100% of total wholesale market is expected to boost industrial concentration at the policy-oriented level. On the basis of the scale of our market sales in the pharmaceutical-distribution sector in 2016, 4% of the city’s increase corresponds to a market size of more than $70 billion, i.e., medicine.
In addition, the introduction of a two-vote system, in addition to facilitating the expansion of the operations of large-scale pharmaceutical-flowing enterprises, is also conducive to a change in the distribution channels of pharmaceutical-distributive enterprises, with a significant increase in the share of pure sales.
This increase will offset the negative impact of such policies as reduced prices for pharmaceutical bidding and zero additions to medicines on the company’s Māori rate, and will make it possible to maintain a stable profitability of the marketable companies. The impact of increased concentration in the industry as a result of the two-vote system will be different in different regions.
The market for medicines in Chongqing, Beijing, Shanghai and Shanghai is more concentrated than 80% of the market, so there is little room for increasing the market for medicines in the first three. However, the provinces with larger markets for medicines in Zhejiang, Guangdong, Henan, Jiangsu, Shandong, Anhui, etc. are not very high.
In the medium to long term, while two-vote, two-vote, drug-fluenting companies have seen their leading performance increase, in the short term, the elimination of small “pass” and “roll-out” distribution firms has had a negative impact on the distribution of the industry, as the two-vote system reduces the chain of circulation.
The impact will be a decline in business income from business transfers, which will affect the growth of corporate income and performance. But leading firms will be active in dealing with the negative effects of double-counting, vigorously developing net-selling operations, with a higher percentage of net-selling operations offsetting the negative impact of declining transfer operations and contributing to an overall improvement in corporate performance.
The negative impact of the downturn in redeployment operations will take about a year to digest. The two-vote system has been rolled out since 2017 in the cities and provinces of the country, and most pilot regional enterprises have been actively adjusting their channels since the second quarter of 2017. By the second half of 2018, it is expected that the decline in redeployment operations will be offset by a positive increase in net sales, and corporate performance.
2.3 The company is an interesting target for two-counting benefits, so the leading companies in the pharmaceutical circulation industry are the investment that we should focus on. On the other hand, the introduction of the two-ticket system is bound to facilitate the availability of high-quality upstream resources and a better network of downstream channels.
In both cases, we believe that Shanghai medicine, as the industry’s leader, will benefit from a long-term increase in the market share of the two-count system: and the company’s ability to negotiate upstream and downstream is strong and will continue to work upstream.
Access to high-quality varieties such as medicines, medical devices, and continuing to improve the network layout of channels downstream, including through mergers and acquisitions, in line with the indicators of the firm’s bargaining power up and down, we focus on both the turnover of accounts receivable and the turnover of accounts payable. The faster the turnover of accounts receivable, the smaller the collection of receivables, the lower the company’s bargaining downstream.
The slower the turnover rate of accounts payable, the larger the ratio of accounts payable to operating costs, the lower the average annual decline of 5.35 per cent to 4.46 in 2017, the higher the ratio of accounts receivable to receipts, the higher the upward trend and the higher bargaining power over upstream.
The big one, so the company is mainly a Chinese medicine and Kyushu. On the one hand, the company’s accounts receivable is better than Chinese medicine, but less than Kyushu; on the other hand, the company’s accounts payable turnover is significantly better than Kyushu, and has shown a downward trend in recent years, but not the performance of Chinese medicine accounts payable.
2.3.2 The downstream network of channels has continued to expand. In 2016, the company ' s pharmaceutical business achieved business income of 11.377 billion yuan, accounting for 6.19 per cent of the country ' s pharmaceutical commercial market and ranked third in the country. The Chinese pharmaceutical company, China ' s pharmaceutical company, ranks first in the market for medicines.
The ratio was 16.25 per cent; the ratio was followed by the ratio of Chinese medicine to 6.23 per cent. At present, the company ' s pharmaceutical business is higher in Shanghai, Beijing, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, with 47.3 per cent, 16.5 per cent, 11.4 per cent and 10.7 per cent respectively, as a result of the above-mentioned concentration in the Zhejiang and Jiangsu pharmaceutical markets, which is still much higher in favour of the local market.
In 2013-2016, the number of medical institutions covered by the company grew rapidly, from 9854 to 586 health centres, with an average annual increase of 18.29 per cent.
The number of medical establishments covered by sales increased to 27,712, of which 1,425 were in level III hospitals (6.58 per cent nationwide and more than 60 per cent in level III hospitals); 727 were in centres for disease prevention and control (cdc). The coverage of end-of-pipe medical institutions by companies and the China Medicine Group General Company, which has the highest city share, remained significantly poor.
Through active M&As, companies continue to expand downstream distribution networks. The company’s current strategy in the distribution of medicines is to seize opportunities for industrial integration, accelerate the landing of priority M&A projects, and continue to improve the national network layout.
In 2016, the company achieved zero breakthroughs in Yunnan, Heilongjiang, Yunnan Medicines and Medicines Ltd., The Shanghai Pharmacy Park, Heilongji Medicine Co. Ltd., The Upper Drug Control and Control and the Upper Drug Control and Control and Drug Control and the Upper Drug Control and Control and Control.
The company has completed the acquisition of 99.55 per cent of the shares of Xuzhou Medical Co. Ltd. and 52 per cent of the shares of Xuzhou Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd. in the first half of 2017;
China Central Industries Group Limited held 31.59 per cent of the shareholdings in Guangdong Middle Hill Medical Medicines Ltd., and the reorganization and acquisition of 51 per cent of the shares in Wenzhou Age Medicine Ltd. The company's subsidiary responsible for distribution is mainly the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Medicine Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the above”)
Pharmacology Control Unit) and Shanghai Park Information and Medicine Company Limited (hereinafter Shanghai Park). Among them, the upward drug control unit has been growing at a faster rate in recent years. Annual average revenue growth in 2012-2016 was 15.55 per cent, net profit year 3.
Prescription is a drug that can be purchased and used only by a medical practitioner or an assistant medical practitioner. This gives doctors a great deal of voice in the use of prescription drugs and dosage, which leads doctors and drug companies to form a coalition of claims of interest.
Against the backdrop of the rapid increase in health-care spending and the heightened problem of “privileges”, our country has introduced a series of policies aimed at reducing the price of medicines and abolishing them. These policies include: lowering the price of end-of-life drugs through the introduction of a two-vote system, thereby reducing the intermediate link in the flow of medicines; actively promoting zero additions to medicines; controlling the proportion of medicines in hospitals; and prohibiting the transfer of prescriptions from hospitals.
In 2009, the country's new policy on medical reform explicitly included a zero increase in the supply of medicines, which stipulates that “the sale of medicines in health institutions in counties and above is based on the actual purchase price plus a 15% increase rate”: in 2015, the State Council's Office issued guidance on the pilot of a comprehensive reform of public hospitals in cities.
See, in 2016, the publication of the Opinions for the Further Promotion of the Experiences of the Reform of the Medical Health System, which states that by 30 September of the year, all public hospitals in cities throughout the country will have eliminated zero additions to medicines (with the exception of Chinese tablets). The introduction of the policy of zero integration of medicines weakens the link of interests between pharmaceutical companies and doctors and facilitates the rational use and marketing of medicines by doctors.
In terms of promoting a decline in the proportion of medicines, the State Council ' s Office issued guidance on the piloting of a comprehensive reform of municipal public hospitals in 2015, which states that by 2017 the proportion of medicines in pilot urban public hospitals (without Chinese pills) will have dropped to about 30% overall. The ratio of medicines to the total cost of medical care.
In recent years, the share of medicines in China has been largely declining. According to China ' s Health and Family Planning Statistics Yearbook (2016), the proportion of outpatient drugs dropped from 52.3% in 2010-2015, and the State ' s policy push for a decline in the proportion of medicines forced hospitals to control the distribution of medicines, thereby facilitating the outflow of prescription drugs.
The size of the market for prescription drugs in the country exceeds 1.3 trillion yuan, with 77% of hospital terminals, 13% of third end-users, and 10% of pharmacies. Meanwhile, between 2010 and 2015, our total public hospital revenues rose from 969.923 billion yuan to an increase in income, indicating a declining trend in the share of medicines in public hospitals.
41.8 per cent of 2010 fell to 36.19 per cent in 2015. If the ratio of medicines dropped from 36.19 per cent to 30 per cent in 2015, as measured by our total public hospital income of $2084.256 billion (policy requirement 2017), the outflow of prescriptions would provide market space for non-hospital terminals in the order of $12,896.4 million (total public hospital income in 2015* (36.19 to 30 per cent)).
The market space is short-term, and in the long run the state may continue to push the drug-take ratio down, long-term prescription-free spaces, or, for the pharmacy terminal, the mode of carrying out the prescription-off mainly includes the pharmacy's passivity, dtp model, and slow-disease management model. First, the drug-shop pass-through refers to the patient's spontaneous purchase of the drug from the prescription to the retail pharmacy.
The choice of a retail pharmacy is more influenced by doctors, when prescription drugs may go to a hospital hosting pharmacy or to a pharmacy operated by the hospital in collaboration with the company. Second, the dtp model, also known as the dtc model, is referred to in English as direct-to-customer, i.e., the drug firm's direct interface upstream, where the drug company's agent is identified.
In order to have a good development prospects, the dtp pharmacy can focus on the following areas: (1) focus on the relationship between development and pharmaceutical companies; and (2) focus on collaboration with hospitals to promote the outflow of prescriptions to Bendtp under hospital referral.
Pharmacies: (iii) Active access to State benefits, such as health-care reimbursement pharmacies. Finally, the management model for slow diseases, the management model refers to the establishment by pharmacies of a system of medical services for chronic diseases, the provision of one-stop-shop services for chronic patients, the monitoring of indicators, medical consultations, the sale of medicines, etc., and the evacuation of chronic diseases from hospitals.
The retail market for medicines has been growing at a relatively rapid rate in recent years. The annual rate of increase in 2011-2016 was 14.31 per cent, although the total retail sales of the Grand Pharmacy of the National Drug Control Corporation Ltd. was 10.309 billion yuan a year, the second highest in the country;