Performance was better than expected, assets were of a smooth quality Quarterly summary: Sino-Bank reported a net profit of $17.35 billion to the mother in the first quarter of 2022, representing an increase of 10.9 per cent over the same period. Net interest income decreased by 1.2 per cent over the same period, and net fees were charged.
Income and other non-interests increased by 4.1 per cent and 42 per cent, respectively, operating income, pre-allocation profits by the same margin, better than expected, and asset quality stabilized. 1 quarterly report showed better performance than expected, non-interest contributions, profitability and capital levels.
Growth is positive, and other non-interest income is growing rapidly, while asset quality continues to improve, with negative double drops, and the provision is flat. 1 quarterly report shows that the net difference is synchronized with the industry, or still goes down. Companies are undervalued, dividends are high, valuations too high to reflect pessimistic expectations, and stock problems are being resolved.
The transformation is driving business improvements, with high medium- and long-term values. ▪ Profitability and capital levels are rising, and capital may have buffered demand.
The net difference of one quarter was also lower than last year’s four quarters, with both asset and liability rates falling, and asset rates falling even more. Undesirable double drops, slower generation, and flat provision.
The rate of generation was 1.06 per cent, an improvement over the previous year. The provision for total incremental assets was reduced, the provision for stock credit was basic at 4 percentage points, and the impairment of loans was either higher than the overall impairment loss of assets.
The economy went down and the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations.
Banks: Quarterly summary of share-based banks: Sino-Bank reported a net profit of $17.35 billion to the mother in the first quarter of 2022, representing an increase of 10.9 per cent over the same year, as a result of the same contribution, such as provisioning, size, non-interest. Net interest income decreased by 1.2 per cent over the same year, net fee income and other non-interest income increased by 4.1 per cent and 42 per cent respectively, and operating by 42 per cent over the same period.
Income, pre-allocation profits increased by 4.1 per cent and 2.8 per cent respectively, with total assets growing by 2.38 per cent at the beginning of the year, loans and deposits growing by 2 per cent better than expected and assets of a smooth quality. 1 quarterly report performance grew better than expected, mainly in terms of provision, non-interest contributions, profitability and capital.
Non-interest income has generally grown faster; asset quality has continued to improve, with negative double drops, and the provision has been flat. 1 quarterly reports show that the net interest differential synchronous industry, or company values are undervalued, dividends are high, valuations overstate pessimistic expectations, corporate stock issues are being resolved, transformations are moving forward with business improvements, and medium- and long-term values are prominent.
1. Increased profitability and capital levels, and contingent demand for capital. 2 - 1 quarter scale increases slightly and deposits grow better. 1 quarter scale increases slightly, loans drive assets and deposits support liabilities. Total assets grew by 2.38 per cent over the previous year, and loans grew by 2.38 per cent.
The rate of return on assets and liabilities also declined, and the rate of return on assets fell even more.4 Net fee income increased from 4.1 per cent to 4.1 per cent and other non-interest rates continued to rise.4 Under market pressure, net fee income continued to grow, with other non-interest income rising by 42 per cent to 42 per cent and major investment-related contributions were higher.
Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. Macro economic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as profitability, thus affecting the asset quality of the banking sector.
Downside, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the bank ' s assets, thereby affecting the bank ' s profitability.