The market sector is leading, and the medium- and long-term demand for special steel is good.
Technology R & D upgrades core competitiveness, with municipalities maintaining a leading industry: company R & D inputs in 2024 accounted for 4.21 per cent of Zhao Liang Bing ' s operating income, an increase of 0.31 pct over the same period; and authorized patents for 476 of which inventions are specialized
More than 3000 varieties and more than 5,000 specifications of special steel materials, one of the world’s most diverse manufacturers of special steel materials, dominates the growing domestic and foreign market ownership of high-end bearing steel, high-end automobile steel, high-end energy steel, etc. In 2024, 18,890 tons of steel were sold, of which exports were made.
A total of 22.22 million tons were sold, taking advantage of opportunities for industrial development, such as bearings, new energy vehicles, and restructuring products to help companies keep up with the industry’s leadership. High-end steel state-owned substitution process accelerated, and medium- and long-term demand for special steel improved: 2024, China’s special steel.
China’s high-end steel sector is still not being replaced by domestic production. On balance, China’s special steel demand is growing in scope, and the medium- and long-term prospects for the special steel industry are better. In recent years, companies have made major breakthroughs in national production substitution, with Hingjiante having successfully developed the world’s largest.
Large diameter 1320 mm condensed circle cast, breaking world record five times in a row; 120 mm high resilience required the international launch of steel for petroleum refining; the first batch of p92 with a wide diameter of 1,000 mm was successfully developed to fill the gap at home and abroad; and the low manganese-free board dh36 was successfully developed through the Nine Nations Ship Class Society
Breaking through key technical bottlenecks and applying to aviation axes such as skf, schaeffler, fag, international mainframe certification, becoming the only country in the world; successful research and development of national large aircraft pipelines, hard fixes, etc.
The key core components are steel, which fills the technological gap in the country.
Determining risks; the risks of technological innovation in steel smelting; the risks of uncertainty in domestic and foreign policies, etc. [Galactic Steel] For the first time, Sino-Sinte steel (000708.sz): Ask the top of the top of the top of the steel, and the quality of the product responds to the need for upgrading.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.