One of the mega-oils, the four major industries constitute the carrier of the petrochemical industry.
Exploration and production: The largest producer of crude oil and gas in the country, the elasticity of oil price increases, is the largest producer of crude oil and gas in the country, producing 1,268 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent in 2017, of which 743 million barrels of crude oil and 3153 trillion cubic feet of natural gas are produced. Current international oil prices are in the major oil producing countries.
As the price of oil rises, the company’s oil and gas production will resume to increase. It is expected that future exploration and production operations will benefit from a substantial increase in prices.
Refining and chemical industries: Energy production is only lower than China ' s petrochemicals, and the refining capacity of companies in the refining industry is higher than China ' s petrochemicals in 2017, processing 138 million tons of crude oil in China.
Production of 92.72 million tons of finished oil and 5.76 million tons of ethylene, also in a monopoly position in the industry. The unit, compared with the trend of 300 depths, is downstream of the petrochemical industry chain, which is used to convert crude oil and is obtained by earning processing fees.
A reasonable profit. When crude oil prices are too high, demand for the end product decreases and alternatives increase, while state regulation results in a loss for the refining enterprise because prices are not transmitted in a timely manner; when crude oil prices are too low, the price difference between the product and the original material is too small for the company to make the profit. So only crude oil prices are between $60 and $80 per barrel.
In the last two years, the refined oil and chemical plates have been sold: monopolistic, with steady growth in performance. As of 2017, the company was operating 21399 gas stations, selling 170 million tons of gas and firewood, an increase of 6.5 per cent.
The non-oil business, which is central to facilitating shop operations, achieved a steady increase in revenue and profits. In 2017, 1,438 new convenience stores were added, bringing the total to 19338, and companies realized non-oil business income of $18.6 billion, which represented an increase of about 30% over the previous year.
The growth of the oil business, rather than its rapid growth, is expected to be a new profit growth point for the plate. Natural gas and pipelines: storage facilities are being improved, and operations are expected to be significantly reduced.
According to the National Gas Development Plan, by 2020 and 2030, the share of natural gas in the primary energy consumption structure is set at 10% and 15%, respectively. China’s oil production and marketing industry, as the main natural gas producers, will continue to progress as facilities such as lang reception stations, gas reservoirs, gas pipelines, etc., continue to improve downstream.
1. China Oil (601857): Higher oil prices drive a full recovery in performance, which is expected to outperform expectations throughout the year.
Large oil companies averaged about 1.5 times pb, while Chinese oil was only 1.1 times higher, and companies maintained a “prudently recommended” rating of their valuations. International oil prices fell sharply, and demand for crude oil and natural gas slowed down at an economic rate.
I. Corporate profile: The company is one of the largest oil companies in the world. China Oil Co. Ltd. is the largest producer and seller of hydrocarbons dominated by China ' s hydrocarbon industry, one of China ' s largest sales earnings, and one of the largest oil companies in the world. Its parent company, China Oil Group, 2017.
Among the top 50 major oil companies in the world combined, and fourth in the top 500 in Wealth magazine worldwide, the company ' s main business includes exploration, exploitation, production and sale of crude oil and natural gas; refining of crude oil and petroleum products, production and marketing of base and derivative chemical products, other chemical products; marketing of refined oil products and trading operations; natural gas;
Delivery of crude oil and finished oils and sale of natural gas. 5 November 2000 New York Stock Exchange, Hong Kong United Exchange Ltd. (“Hong Kong Associated Exchange”) and Shanghai Laureate China Oil Group, China's oil shareholders, effectively controlling the State Council's State Property Supervision and Management Committee.
China Oil Group shares of 82.71% and is in absolute control (note: including 291,518,000 h shares held by the China Petroleum Corporation through its wholly-owned subsidiaries abroad). Since the company ' s listing in 2007a, total operating income has been second only to China ' s petrochemical and listed in all a shares)
To an all-time low of $7.9 billion. With the gradual recovery of international oil prices, the company’s performance has rebounded rapidly, and by the third quarter of 2018 it had achieved a net profit of $48.1 billion, an increase of 177%, attributable to its parent shareholders.
While the company’s performance has fluctuated somewhat as a result of international oil prices, the operating cash flow has been strong, and the asset-liability ratio has been maintained at a reasonable level. The net asset rate of return and the Māori rate of sales are at a bottom up.
In mid-2018, the cumulative share was 22 times, with cash amounting to $47,488 million, or 43.53 per cent. Companies repay investors in cash through a stable distribution policy.
China's oil main battalion operations are co-located with four major plates: exploration and production, oil and gas sales, refining and chemicals, gas and pipelines. Under crude oil prices, each plate contributes differently to profits, but oil prices are positively related to the company's overall Māori, which also accounts for the Māori share of each plate. In 2008-2014, when oil prices were above $70 per barrel, exploration and production contributed more than Māori.
Māori share of the plate was less affected by oil price fluctuations, with an average Māori share contributing 13%. International oil prices began to fall in the second half of 2014, rebounded in 2016, and in October 2018, Brent’s oil price peaks exceeded $86/bpb.
Major factors have affected the decline in international oil prices once again, but with the implementation of the new round of cut-off agreements, China and the United States trade disputes have been eased, and global stock markets have been warming, among other factors, and oil prices began to rebound in early 2019. We judge the 2019 oil price pipeline’s central counterpart to Brent’s oil price at around $70/bpb.
(i) Exploration and production: the country's largest producers of crude oil and natural gas, the rise in oil prices, the exploration and production plate at the front end of the entire oil chain, the main product being oil and gas, so that oil prices are the main factor directly determining the performance of the plate. As a result of the sharp decline in international oil prices since the second half of 2014,
At a time when international oil prices are rebounding steadily, driven by a decline in production, the sector’s economic performance has improved considerably, and the Māori rate has increased. And, as China’s oil capital spending has increased, crude oil and gas production have risen, the plate is expected to benefit from performance growth brought about by rising volume prices in the future.
1. China ' s oil is the country ' s largest producer of crude oil and gas. The main business of exploration and production of the plates is exploration, exploitation and production of oil and gas fields. The revenues of the plates consist mainly of revenues from the sale of crude oil and natural gas, mainly from the purchase of oil and gas fields, exploration (to increase reserves) and exploitation (to increase reserves).
Inputs (to add and maintain production), as well as personnel and other costs.2 Hydrocarbon resources are concentrated in the northern part of the country at hundreds of millions of cubic metres, while crude oil production and natural gas can be sold at 830 million barrels and 38.850 billion cubic metres, respectively.
Airfield assets are located in the interior of the country, in the Pine States Basin, the Ring Bay Basin, and so on. The first five oilfield assets were discovered in Daeqing (4.2 billion barrels), Changqing (1.4 billion barrels), Xinjiang (1.3 billion barrels), Liao River (1.1 billion barrels), Jilin (800 million barrels) in the sum of billions, Sichuan (293.4 billion), Qinghai (126.5 billion) and Daeqing (53.7 billion) and accounted for 1387.9 billion of the total.
Figure 11: Distribution of oil and gas fields in China's oil and gas operations,3 and the increase in reserves and production of natural gas operations, with a rising share of revenue The increase in reserves and production of natural gas operations in the upstream exploration and production plates, with an increase in revenues to 29 per cent.
In 2017, crude oil production was 887 million barrels, or 0.2 per cent in comparison with 2008, and natural production was 92.72 billion cubic metres, or 7 per cent in comparison with the end-2008 data. In terms of revenue contribution, the share of natural gas plates rose rapidly, with Biegon in terms of production and sales.
4. The rise in oil prices has led to an increase in capital spending, and oil and gas production is expected to recover, as can be seen from China’s capital spending in the last 10 years in relation to international oil prices, which is closely linked to the volatility of international oil prices. With the rebound in international oil prices, China’s oil capital has opened up.
The spending has already started to increase. And since China’s capital spending on oil is also mainly concentrated on upstream exploration and production plates, accounting for about 75% of the total expenditure, an increase in capital spending is bound to lead to an increase in oil and gas production.
(ii) Refining oils and chemicals: production capacity is only lower than China's petrochemicals; refining oils and chemicals are downstream of the petrochemical industry chain, acting as a process conversion for crude oil and obtaining reasonable profits through processing fees, but often due to large fluctuations in crude oil prices and relative lags in product price adjustment, leading to the plate
Performance is also highly volatile. When crude oil prices are too high, demand for end-products diminishes and alternatives increase, while being controlled by the National Development Commission (NDC) does not allow prices to pass on in a timely manner and refining firms lose; when crude oil prices are too low, the price difference between products and raw materials is too small, and firms lower their Māori. So only when crude oil prices are in the range of $60-$80, the reservoir is not considered.
The refining industry can maintain a higher level of profit under the influence of storage. 1 Refining oil: the first step in the conversion of oil processing. Refining oil generally refers to refining oil, which is the production of petroleum through physical separation and chemical transformation to gasoline that is compatible with the use of internal combustion engines.
Fuel oils such as kerosene, diesel fuel oils, and chemical light oils for ethylene installations, which produce by-product petroleum gas and slag oils. The chemical installations use ethylene fibrosis as their taps to further convert chemical light oils into final petroleum products such as polyester plastics, fibres, rubber, etc., for the supply of clothing, food, housing, and industry products, while refining oil is the first step in oil conversion.
The processing types of refining are usually divided into fuel types, lubricant types and chemical types depending on the product produced. Table 3: Comparison of the three processing types of refined oil, Figure 17: Flowcharts of the fuel-type refining process
The oil refinery industry is overcapacity and two barrels of oil dominates the country as a whole, while future production overcapacity will increase as several major private refining projects continue to develop, industry competition will intensify, and low-end backward production will accelerate the phase-out.
In addition to its size and technological advantages, mastering the end-marketing area is an important barrier for the industry. As the country’s second-largest producer of refined oil and seller of finished oil, China’s oil has more than 20,000 gas stations to protect oil refineries, in addition to being able to produce more than 90 million tons of finished oil each year.
Table 4: Two barrels of crude oil processing and domestic share ratio (2) Limited additional capacity and low impact in 2019, the country's total refining volume will continue to expand, except for China's petrochemical and Chinese oil-flagged refineries
In addition to this expansion, private major refining projects, which are dominated by Zhejiang petrochemicals and Helium petrochemicals, are expected to start production later than planned, owing to the large investment in large-scale projects for refining integration and the long construction cycle. We expect the whole of Zhejiang petrochemicals to be in production by the end of the first quarter of this year, while taking into account the fact that it will generally take three to six months for new projects.
China’s oil refining capacity has reached 200 million tons, and it has been locked in its domestic sub-positions, of which more than 10 out of a million tons are concentrated in processing its own crude oil, with the largest amount being 20.5 million tons.
The oil refineries are located mainly in the north-east and north-west, and are built on the rich upstream resources of China Oil itself. Table 6: The crude oil processing capacity of the Central Petroleum Refinery.
Design and processing capacity, tonnes/ Middle Oil branch name Design and processing capacity, tonnes/year
(4) The gradual improvement of the pricing mechanism for finished oils, which effectively guarantees the profits of refined oil enterprises The development of the pricing mechanism for finished oils directly determines the profits of refined oil enterprises, especially in the event of a significant increase in international oil prices, which, if not adjusted upward in a timely manner, can lead to a reduction in the cost of raw materials and even to price inversions
A reasonable pricing mechanism for the finished oil needs to be refined in the light of the political, economic, environmental, and other factors at the time. We have experienced a shift in the pricing of the cost oil from the planned to the market.
With the transition from an economic system to a market economy, there has been a shift in the way finished oil prices are priced. From the initial state fully guided pricing to the alignment of finished oil prices with international crude oil prices, it has been nearly 20 years since policies were introduced.
The marketing of the prices of our finished oils will be the inevitable trend. At that time, China ' s petrochemicals and China ' s oils, which have the advantage of integrating large distribution terminals and upstream and downstream industrial chains, will benefit from competition.
In terms of production, China’s main refined products have grown at a much higher compound rate in the last 10 years. The fastest growth is in heavy oil, with a 14.2 per cent increase in compound growth, with only a negative increase in lubricant oil. In absolute terms, diesel production is the largest, followed by gasoline, heavy oil, and kerosene. The same-year increase in production has fluctuated significantly over the past 10 years, presumably as a result of oil price fluctuations.
The largest increase in production in the past year was in kerosene, at a 17 per cent increase in the same year; the most rapid increase in income in terms of income was in the main refined products, which increased by 2.3 per cent, with heavy oil and 9.3 per cent. The negative increase was in lubricant oil and diesel. In terms of absolute income, the largest contribution was in petrol and diesel, which together accounted for the revenue.
The rate of increase in revenues is strongly correlated with the volatility of oil prices. The largest increase in the past year was in kerosene, with a 45% increase in the same year.
In terms of the composite indicator of refining, China ' s crude oil processing load has declined considerably over the past 10 years (currently 80.3%), while the light and combined commodity rates have remained stable at 77.4% and 93.5%, respectively. On average, the crude oil processing load over the past 10 years has remained at around 80-90% in relation to the contribution of revenue.
From the point of view of refined Maori, China ' s refined oil has been above the world average for the past 10 years. The refined oil has a negative relationship with oil prices, with China ' s refined oil averaged $26/bpb, with a minimum value of $14/bpb, and a maximum value of $39/bpb, while the world ' s refined oil levels have been below $15/bpb over the same period.
China's oil refining plates enjoy relatively stable excess monopolistic gains under current policies and patterns, an advantage that is expected to be (iii) oil and gas sales: monopolistic, stable performance growth Corporate sales focus on fine marketing, enhanced overall operations, advanced marketing network quality and deepened “one another”
During the year, the company operated 21399 gas stations, selling 170 million tons of gas and firewood, an increase of 6.5 per cent over the same year, with 37 per cent. In Africa, a total of 19338 units, the company achieved $18.6 billion in non-oil operations and about 30 per cent in convenience stores over the previous year.
In terms of compound acceleration, the number of stations in the last nine years has increased by 2.3% at a single station, which has not changed much in the last nine years, and has remained around 10.5 tons/day in the last three years. Overall, oil and gas sales are a monopoly of pre-optimal barriers, and traditional oil and gas sales in China have been profitable.
The rapid growth of the oil business is expected to be the new profit growth point for the plate. From the sales of the plate over the past 10 years, the combined increase in the combined sales of gas and firewood has been 7.2%, and the combined increase in the total revenue has been 6.2%, compared to the same trend, and sales and revenue growth began to slow after 2011 and oil prices after 2016.
In terms of fuelwood sales structure, kerosene is growing at the fastest rate (15%) and diesel fuel at the lowest rate of 5%. In terms of fuelwood revenue structure, gas revenues are increasing at the fastest rate (10.3%) and diesel fuel at the lowest rate (2.9%).
Figure 23: China ' s sales of oil and fuelwood and the same rate of increase, Figure 24: China ' s revenues from oil and fuelwood sales and the same rate of increase, Figure 25: China ' s combined sales of oil and fuel and coal, revenues and the same rate of increase
(iv) Natural gas and pipelines: for our largest natural gas and hydrocarbon pipeline operators, operating revenues from pipelines are directly related to pipeline mileage. The sale of natural gas, both for the sale of domestic gas and under the National Gas Development Plan, accounted for natural gas in a primary energy consumption structure by 2020 and 2030.
China’s oil as a major gas-saler, as well as further improvements in downstream lang reception stations, reservoirs, gas pipelines, etc., will diversify future import routes to effectively absorb the losses caused by the current heavy pipeline.
Figure 26: The Māori and Māori ratio of China’s oil and gas and pipeline operations has been growing rapidly in China’s oil and gas sales. In 2017, China’s oil and gas sales were 18,657 billion (from 96.9 billion) – 1.8 per cent more than in the same year, of which the domestic sales were 121 billion – 11.2 per cent more than in the same year.
In the past 10 years, sales of natural gas have increased at a combined rate of 15.5% and revenues at a compound rate of 21%. In terms of growth trends, sales and revenues have slowed since 2014.
The rate of increase was 6.6 per cent, the rate of compound increase in the finished oil pipeline was 8.1 per cent, and the rate of compound increase in the natural gas pipeline was 8.8 per cent. In terms of growth trends, the rate of increase in the oil and gas pipeline began to slow after 2010.
III. Profit forecasts and investment proposals Figure 30: China ' s oil prices have fallen sharply since they were marketed; the pace of economic growth has slowed down the demand for crude oil and natural gas.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Yang Jian: Together with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Nanjing, University of Rutgers, United States of America, Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, computing the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources), undergraduate specializing in geochemistry. Joined in October 2014 with civil securities, conducting industry studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, 2015.
Li Xiaohui: Graduated from Northwestern University, Graduated from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and Specialized in Chemistry. Worked in China, Beijing, from August 2010 to February 2016, in the management of oil refining and chemical production techniques. Joined in March 2016, where he conducted research on the direction of petrochemicals.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,