China Express: The world's leading track control system provider Synchronous Markets (maintenance)
Since its inception, the company has focused on research and exploration of orbital traffic control system technology, and has been working to provide the core of safe and efficient national orbital transport operations.
In 2018, the company achieved advanced and intelligent technology development, the construction of related manufacturing bases and the replenishment of liquidity.
The company is the world ' s leading provider of rail control systems: in the field of high-speed railways, intercepting by the end of 2018, the company ' s core products and services covered by high-speed rail control systems have the world ' s first overall winning mileage, integrated according to the national high-speed rail control system.
Data cut-off date: 26 June 2019 Project cumulative winning mileage statistics, with the company ' s winning mileage coverage exceeding 60%. In urban orbital transport, the company was me during the reporting period based on the total number of winning contracts
The country's largest provider of urban orbital traffic control system solutions, market share, mid-year investment strategy report - challenges and opportunities coexist, high-end production is on the rise.
Song Jiangbo has completed several “China First” and has achieved some success in overseas markets: the company has been established to complete a project to integrate more than 50 railway control systems, covering high-speed railways,
By the end of 2018, companies had been involved in all major high-speed railway projects in China and in all six orbital traffic control systems of existing trunk lines.
In the field of overseas markets, company-owned rbc equipment, vehicles, atp, leu and respondent products are certified by the EU as EU tsi, respectively.
Projects such as Hungsake, Yavan, Indonesia, etc. are being implemented to break through technical barriers to the global market for companies entering the EU. New contracts are growing rapidly, and future performance will be sustained: in the first quarter of 2019, companies will be able to access the European Union.
The total amount of external contracts in the railway sector was RMB 3,978 million, an increase of 22.5 per cent over the same period in 2018: the total amount of external contracts in the urban orbital transport sector was RMB 1,857 million, an increase of 14.4 per cent over the same period in 2018; and the total amount of external contracts in overseas operations was RMB 1,857 million.
282.4% of the company's new contracts for the railway block have increased significantly over the city track during the first quarter of the year, contributing to the recovery of the company's Māori ratio.
Technology research and development projects, advanced and intelligent manufacturing bases projects, Changsha Industrial Park (phase I) projects, information-based construction projects and additional liquidity, amount of funds raised Risk factors: not as high as expected in the listing process, not as much as expected, not as expected in the collection of funds,
Competition in the industry increases the risk of a change in national orbital transport policy. 1.1 The City Track Signal System Technical Leadr, established in December 2010, dates back to 1953, when China's Railways established the Communications Signal Engineering Company.
Since its inception, the Division has focused on research and exploration of orbital traffic control system technology. Working to provide a safe and efficient core support for national orbital transport operations has become the leading global provider of orbital traffic control system solutions, with industry-led research and development and integration capabilities, providing customers with a whole-of-industry chain of orbital traffic control systems.
By the end of 2018, companies had been awarded various technical honours, including the China Railways Institute Science and Technology Award, first prize, Beijing City Science and Technology Award, second prize, and the China Patent Award, among others. Companies provided products and services on the entire industry chain of the orbital traffic control system, with the main operations being: 1) design integration.
These include, inter alia, the provision of system integration services for products related to orbital traffic control systems and the provision of design and advisory services for orbital traffic engineering-based project construction: (2) equipment manufacturing, mainly for the production and sale of signal systems, telecommunications system products and other related products; and (3) system delivery, mainly for orbital traffic control system project construction, installation
The top four shareholders of the company are the General Group, the National Union Group, the New China and the Tsing Tong Group, with a share ratio of 75.14%, 0.72%, 0.72%, and 0.72%, respectively. The actual control of the company is the State Finance Committee of the State Council, the State Finance Committee of the State Council, 2, and the city track signal system is the backbone, with steady growth in performance in 2018.
2.1 The performance rate has remained stable, with a decline in the Māori rate. Corporate performance has remained stable. In 2018, the company achieved $40.13 billion in operating income, resulting in a net profit of $3.409 billion from the mother. Corporate operating income grew steadily in 2016-2018, with a compound annual growth rate of 15.93 per cent and revenue collection.
The operation of the orbital traffic control system is the backbone of the company. In terms of the operational structure, the operation of the orbital traffic control system, including design integration, equipment manufacturing, systems delivery services, is the backbone of the company, with 79.8 per cent, 71.5 per cent, 71.0 per cent in 2016-2018.
The decline in the Māori rate was mainly due to a decline in the Māori rate of system integration operations. The decline in the Māori rate of design integration was mainly affected by structural changes in the internal Māori income: the higher iron rate of Māori
In the case of road projects, affected by the delay in the 2017 bidding plan, railway-related design integration operations received a decline in absolute terms and percentages in the first half of 2018; and in the case of urban track projects with a low Māori rate, income in absolute terms and in relation to design integration operations has steadily increased as a result of the active expansion of the company ' s urban track operations.
The likelihood of a significant decline in future Maori rates is low as railway contract levels resume. To date, the temporary negative factor that led to a fall in railway orders due to delays in the railway project tender plan in 2017 has been eliminated, and the value of railway new contracts has risen. In 2018, the number of new contracts for company orbital traffic control system operations was higher than the value of new contracts.
In 2017, railway operations grew by about 21% over the same period, with urban rail operations growing by about 45% over the same period, and urban rail operations by about 6% over the same period. High Māori-rate railway projects increased significantly, facilitating the recovery of the company’s overall Māori ratio.
System integration, design consulting, production and sale of signal systems, communications information system products, etc., for products related to orbital traffic control systems are among the core technology high-end manufacturing operations, with a high Māori rate. The delivery of the system consists mainly of construction, installation and maintenance services for the orbital traffic control system project, which is reflected mainly in the construction and landing of the aforementioned operations.
Implementation, so the Māori rate is relatively low. The cost rate has been steadily reduced during 2.2, R & D inputs have grown significantly, companies have received around $40 billion, and the size of the collection has led companies to earn R & D investment during the same period.
Large-scale, autonomous and innovative inputs help to sustain the technological excellence of the industry and improve the core competitiveness of the enterprise. 2.3 Accounts receivable remain stable and the age structure is basically healthy. Main accounts receivable units of companies are mainly large state-owned enterprises, with a high level of creditworthiness.
Accounts receivable are of good quality and refunds are good, and the risk of bad debts is low.3 Corporate competitive advantage and industry position 3.1 is a strong global leader with full technical coverage
Companies are the leading global provider of orbital transport control system solutions. In the area of high-speed railways, by the end of 2018, the company’s core products and services covered by the high-speed rail control system had the world’s largest overall winning mileage, with a company’s winning mileage coverage exceeding 60%, according to the cumulative winning mileage of the national high-speed rail control system integration project.
In the area of urban orbital transport, during the reporting period, the company was the country’s largest provider of urban orbital traffic control system solutions in terms of the total number of successful contracts, with a market share of about 40%.
In terms of operating income, the company achieved more than $40 billion in 2018, ranking in the top global position, except for Siemens (the Siemens Trail Control System has lost revenue, completed several “China First” and achieved some success in overseas markets. The company has completed more than 50 railways since its inception.
By the end of 2018, the company had participated in all major high-speed railway projects in China to provide solutions for all six orbital transport control systems with established trunk lines.
The company ' s autonomous Rbc equipment, vehicle-atp, leu and answering machine products were certified with EU Tsi certification, respectively, and projects were under way to break through technical barriers for companies to enter the EU and even the global market, such as HC (designed 250 km/h per hour) and Javan in Indonesia (designed 350km/h per hour).
Figure 13: The company has completed several “China First” milestone projects with excellent profitability and relatively abundant liquidity. The annual Māori ratio is lower than the U.S.T., but it is still significantly above the industry average.
The company’s net interest rate level was nearly three times the industry’s average in 2018, and its profitability was significantly better than that of other businesses in the same industry. Profitability, with the company’s current level of asset and liability, is within a reasonably healthy range.
The average value of the company, although subject to some volatility, is generally in a reasonable range, and the company ' s liquidity is relatively abundant, capital will be further replenished after the completion of the first public release of the board, and solvency and liquidity will increase significantly. 3.3 New contracts will grow rapidly and future performance will be sustained.
In the first quarter of 2019, the total amount of external contracts concluded by the company was 7.48 billion yuan, an increase of 16.1 per cent over the same period in 2018, with a rapid increase in the same number of new contracts for railways, urban rail transport and overseas operations.
Billion yuan, or 22.5% over the same period in 2018; total number of external contracts in the urban orbital transport sector is RMB billion, or 282.4% over the same period in 2018; total number of external contracts in the general contracting of engineering and other business areas is RMB 1,515 million. According to the company ' s offer, there is a higher rate of Maori in the company ' s railway projects, and the city track leader has a higher rate of Maori.
The low local Maori rate and the fact that the number of new contracts for the company's railway plates has increased significantly over the city track during the quarter helped companies to show upward trends in the industry, with signalling system taps benefiting from deep investment in 4.1 railways at high levels.
On October 31, 2018, the State Council issued guidance on maintaining the capacity of the infrastructure sector, which will accelerate the construction of the high-iron “8-8” project, the construction of major railway projects and the planning of inter-city railways in Kyoto and Hong Kong, among others.
At present, the country ' s fixed-assets investment has been stable at over $800 billion for nearly four years, after reaching a high point in 2015. We believe that it is expected to reach a total of 1.0 km in 2019-2020, as indicated at the annual workshop, that in 2019 the additional railways will reach 6,800 km, an increase over the previous four years.
45%. To meet the target of 150,000 km of railway operations set out in the 13th Five-Year Plan, a new line will be launched in 2020, exceeding 12,000 km, an increase of 79% over the same period, and it is expected that the construction of new railway projects will be accelerated, leading to a significant increase in investment in railway fixed assets;
In the light of the Eleventh Five-Year Plan and the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, the railway equipment industry has shown a five-year cycle, with a rapid increase in fixed-asset investment in the last two years of the five-year plan; 3. According to the report, in 2019, China Railways had a railway debt of 300 billion yuan, a significant increase from 2018.
An increase of 25 per cent, providing sufficient ammunition for a substantial increase in fixed-assets investment in railways in 2019. 4.2 The industry is policy-driven, with a strong degree of certainty in freight, urban tracks, and maintenance plates.
Track-plus group maintenance drive, see "Challenges and Opportunities Together, High-end Manufacturing Trends - Medium-Term Investment Strategy Report 2019 for the Mechanical and Equipment Industry" for details.
The market space for the construction of new rail signalling systems and the upgrading of freight rail signal systems is wide. With regard to urban orbital plates, 2019-2021 was the peak of traffic on urban orbital routes, and the need for signalling systems for new orbital lines is more certain.
The company, as the leader of the railway signalling system industry, will benefit in depth from the winding up of the railway industry to pull up the signal system market. After this launch, funds will be mobilized for advanced and intelligent technology research and development projects, advanced and intelligent manufacturing bases projects,
The Changsha Industrial Park (phase I) project, the Information Building Project and its use as additional liquidity to raise funds for the development of core technologies in the amount of 105,61, and to maintain technological leadership: advanced and intelligent technology R&D projects
Investments amounting to $4.6 billion, the research directions cover the orientations of tram control systems, trajectories, industry-related chip technologies, etc., which help companies to complete the short-term technology and enhance their competitiveness, while at the same time being consistent with the national offensive against the basic core technology The next generation of core train control technologies: advanced technologies used include Beidou positioning, artificial intelligence, and next generation shifts.
Mobilize front-line enabling technologies such as communications, big data, develop more high-speed, efficient, intelligent and safer next-generation train operating control systems and equipment adapted to a variety of transport modes, study overseas orbital transport systems and equipment, conduct technical specifications for interconnectivity of railway signal systems, and provide a package of solutions for various needs and applications
The future of the orbital traffic control system as the core of orbital traffic will be a major development in the field of advanced orbital traffic equipment. With the large-scale application of cutting-edge technologies such as Beidou satellite positioning, artificial intelligence, 5g, big data, the application of a more intelligent orbital traffic control system of the next generation will be a necessary trend and will accelerate the realization of our country.
The world's leading modern orbital transport industry system has been established. As a leading enterprise in the international and domestic orbital transport control system industry, China Chase is studying more high-speed, intelligent, economic, safe, environmentally friendly and advanced orbital traffic control systems that form the core technology in the field of orbital traffic control and are designed to enhance the competitive edge of an enterprise's own market and meet its own needs.
A means of sustainable development. Orbital transport intelligence integrated transport system: mainly research related to orbital transport intelligent transport system, integrating railway communications, signals, electricity and towed power supply and transport requirements in the engineering and defence sectors, through specialized departments
Integrated online, off-line data for multi-professional, cross-work smart diagnostics and integrated analysis, streamlined and more efficient transportation of the drivers, supported by multi-professional, multi-system integrated production movement command and equipment life-cycle maintenance management, with the increasing scale of orbital traffic being used worldwide, the technological content of the equipment gradually increasing and the turn-over taking place.
Operational maintenance is under increasing pressure. As advanced technology, such as networking, big data, cloud computing, mobile Internet, artificial intelligence, etc., matures, the foundation for improving orbital traffic safety and reducing the intensity of work and human dependency through smart maintenance is in place. At the same time, integrated transport systems integrate specialized transport operations and can lead to significant efficiency gains.
Secured and reduced transportation costs. Smart city and industry communication information systems: the project is divided into an integrated management system for smart cities, a smart station system, an integrated smart security system, a new generation of broadband wireless communication applications.
The Smart City Integrated Management System provides an open, modular, multi-integrated system platform that provides data analysis, command and movement control, integrated decision-making and integrated system solutions for urban lifelines and infrastructure, using such means as physical networking, artificial intelligence and big data analysis;
(a) Smart station systems, which provide, inter alia, integrated system solutions that provide consolidated name-based verification, passenger behavior analysis, passenger travel information acquisition, intelligent transportation, and station operations control;
Integrated solutions with cloud storage, video surveillance and analysis, perimeter intrusion protection, systems monitoring, access management, etc.
Provide a new generation of broadband wireless communications solutions, such as lte-m, lt-r, ite Broadband Cluster, and ip Multimedia Movement Control System Orbital transport chip technology: custom-made development adapted to complex applications, high reliability, high safety orbital traffic-specific chips. Complete communication computing integration
Deals with the development and industrialization of chips, multifunctional communication interface chips, smart safety-driven chips, orbital intelligence sensors chips, security monitoring chips. The landing applications of these chips in orbital traffic equipment will significantly enhance the integration, intelligence and operational efficiency of the packages.
At the company level, the current corporate chip is mainly procured from outside sources, including suppliers such as intel, ti, st, nxp, etc.
At the national strategy level, the development of integrated circuit technologies for orbital transport is consistent with national policies on integrated electricity.
Strategic requirements for road development: On the other hand, there is a build-up of research and development on the core technologies of the industry, consistent with the country’s strategic need to close down the core technologies. The company’s work on the development of a dedicated orbital transport chip, which was set up many years ago, has created a complete chip design team and has so far developed multiple chips.
Reciprocal intellectual construction technology: studies of engineering innovation, engineering applications for intelligent construction, engineering instruments for intelligent construction, engineering testing and construction technology training systems.
To improve the intellectualization of construction operations, the quality of solidified processes, the use of advanced technology to replace manual maintenance management, the reduction of manpower factors and the reduction of labour costs.
The construction of the project will include research and development centres, testing laboratories, joint plants, office buildings, etc.; the products will consist mainly of high-voltage transformer cabinets and related products, trams, ctcs-3 control systems, smart city product packages, contact lines, companies are further strengthening the core telecommunications signal industry, while at the same time moving to intelligent cities, electronic information and trams.
The strategy for the entire process of the transport industry, such as manufacturing, systems and services, requires an industrial chain, extension of companies up and down, completion, enhancement of vehicle equipment manufacturing, electrical electrification, engineering, operation maintenance, etc., to upgrade the company's presence on the international market.
Competitiveness. The project could use technical tools such as the network of goods, cloud computing and the new generation of mobile Internet to promote the effective interface and extension of transport system safety control technologies, information systems technologies and product manufacturing technologies, and to help the public sector expand upstream and downstream and improve the corporate industry.
6.3 Upgrade management to achieve process digitization: the main building elements of the information building project include the construction of an implementation system, a comprehensive budget management system, a product life-cycle management system, an integrated business management information system and a virtualization platform for data centre infrastructure.
In recent years, firms have grown rapidly and their operations have grown in scale, and companies need to upgrade the management of their core business by means of information. Informationization has mainly resulted in the digitization of enterprise R & D, manufacturing, sales, services, etc., and the flow of data within the enterprise, optimizing, coordinating, improving efficiency and yielding benefits from the organization of the workflow.
In addition, the building of trust will automate the operation of corporate operations, network management, and be smart in decision-making. It will not only provide a unified, direct information exchange platform for the staff at all levels of the Department, but will also make it easier for companies to keep abreast of business dynamics and markets in a timely manner.
In the light of the relevance of business content, we have selected the United Technologies, the China-China-China-China-Cino-Technology and Control Technologies as the same industry.
Listed companies are comparable. Union of technological orbital traffic operations, China ' s medium-car orbital transport equipment operations, China ' s construction and engineering infrastructure and the manufacture of parts and components, transfer control of the orbital signal system operations and the company ' s main operations. Listing processes are less than expected, raise funds less than anticipated, industry competition increases the risk, and national orbital traffic.