The pace of sales, affected by the pace of delivery, dropped in July in exchange for the old 04-08 2024, and the new policy added 24h2 sales upwards.
Research assistant Sun In-jung, Inc., announced that the sales of Woo-tung buses in July 2024 were 3,355 with the same ring ratio - 9%/-29%; and that the July bus sales fell by the same speed of delivery, in line with historical sales patterns.
Corporate sales and output have declined by the same round ratio, which is largely influenced by the pace of delivery. Looking back at the past two years, there will be a drop in the ring. In addition, the decline in sales by the same round in July will also be affected by the pace of delivery, especially as far as bus exports are predominantly order-oriented, orders are settled, and the flow of export areas is balanced.
Since 2023, the demand for passenger vehicles abroad has increased, and companies have been filling their orders, on the basis of which we do not consider it necessary to overstretched monthly sales fluctuations.
One, mainly due to a marked decline in the company ' s high-temperature vacation production in July. 50 were accumulated in the first seven months of the year, with a good year-round sales control.
In August 2024, new talent: export growth & scale-driven performance
1) The average subsidy per vehicle is $60,000, of which $10 million is more than expected for the renewal of the new energy city. 2) Subsidized funds to support vehicles aged 8 years or more, i.e. registered by 31 December 2016
This rule clearly subsidizes the deadline for requesting funds on 20 January 2025, compared with the window.
O2 sales are over-expected, and it's short for the second half of the year or so, and the actual replacement pace of 24h2 is expected to accelerate, and we measure bus holdings for more than eight years  profit projections and investment ratings: we maintain the company's operating income for 2024-2026.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.