The good cash flow, the domestic and foreign resonance drive the profits up, the car, the commercial car.
Intra- and overseas resonance, Utron bus grew by 55% in the second quarter of the year. Utron bus q2 earned $972 million, corresponding to +29%, ring +47%, mother +10.2 billion, corresponding to +191%, ring growth and higher export activity, better sales structure and higher performance contribution; 2) Intra-distribution: Brigades
There has been a sustained recovery in demand in the tourist transport market and growth in domestic sales by companies. Continued releases and the evolution of medium- and high-end strategies (250 Greek pure electricity bill, etc.) have led to steady growth in corporate performance, followed by an increase in export sales (including an increase in the share of new energy sources) and sustained domestic rehabilitation (troops).
Over the medium and long term, the cycle and growth are still on track, and Woo-Tung’s performance is expected to be sustained. At the end of the industry: 1 country;
In 23 years, about 240,000 passengers were sold abroad (about 270,000 pre-epidemiological stabilizers), less than 10 per cent of new energy penetration was available, compared with higher domestic upscaling space, and overseas multinational policy has been designated to promote replacement of new energy passenger vehicles; Wootong terminal: 1 export market built up an innovative model of “technology plus services exports” to capture the new overseas model
The energy development window period continues to break out, from “manufacturing + marketing” to “manufacturing services + solutions” — the bus (600066.sh) — export and internal sales resonance, net profits continue to rise.
Utunbus (600066.sh) - with a global champion of growth and dividends, expands to developed regions of the European passenger-car industry and promotes industrial value chains to medium-to-high ends, and is expected to benefit fully
New energy expansion overseas; 2 domestic market Wootong improved Māori in risk management + preferred market, projected public bus (600066.sh) - domestic repairs, high export growth and cost optimization, 2023 Utun bus (600066.sh) - excellent cash flow and export performance, three-quarter net profit
Investment proposals: A global champion of growth (outboarding) and dividends (high dividends), maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Looking at the performance of companies as a result of increasing export sales and warming in the domestic market, it is determined that the performance of the company will be 100 million yuan, or +46.99 per cent; and the net return to the mother of 1,674 million yuan, or +255.84 per cent, is impressive.
The increase in net profits on a year-on-year basis has largely benefited from) overseas markets: significant growth in corporate export sales, coupled with a higher share of corporate export operations, a better marketing structure and an increase in performance contributions; and 2) domestic markets, which have benefited from continued tourism, a sustained recovery in demand in the tourist passenger market and an increase in corporate domestic sales.
Figure 2: Quarterly revenue (millions of dollars) and speed increase for the bicycle is stable. The company's 2402 single-car revenue is $758,000, with a ring ratio of $98,000, mainly due to new energy sources, higher export ratios, improved bus sales structure; 2402 passenger-car profit is $80,000, with a single-car button.
Non-profits are $67,000. Overall, the profits are relatively stable, and the decline in the ring is expected to be due mainly to structural changes (growth in domestic sales, increase in share).
Continued release and evolution of medium- and high-end strategies (250 Greek pure electricity bills, etc.), steady growth in corporate performance, subsequent upscaling of export sales (including an increase in the share of new energy sources) and sustained domestic rehabilitation (exploitation of tourist bus demand + catalyzing of public transport with old policy for new) are expected to be sustained.
In the context of the "one-way" environment, Utsung's overseas market is well advanced and is expected to continue to contribute to its performance, setting up a global target market from "output" to "output" of technology.
The company cumulatively exported more than 100,000 passenger vehicles of all types to major global passenger vehicle requirements such as Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, Angola, Tanzania, Philippines, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Qatar, United Kingdom, France, Denmark, Norway, Finland, etc.
Country and region. In the main target market, the company has become one of the main bus suppliers. In the new energy passenger vehicle domain, the company has cumulatively exported more than 6,000 new energy passenger vehicles, and in Qatar, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Norway, Greece, Chile, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Finland, France, Poland, Australia.
More than 40 countries or regions, including Lía, New Zealand, Italy, Portugal, Singapore, have developed bulk sales and achieved good operations, actively developing green public transport and contributing to global carbon reduction. Companies have adopted a combination of direct marketing and distribution sales in overseas markets, and overseas distribution and service networks have now achieved global targets.
The layout of the field covers six regions of the Americas, Africa, CIS, Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East and Europe through more than 60 subsidiaries, offices, distribution partners and direct sales teams: simultaneously, using technological and industrial chain advantages, companies are already in Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Ethiopia, Malaysia, etc.
The rest of the countries and regions are working to upgrade their business model from “output” to “export technology and brand authorization” through localization of kd assembly.
The component supply system has established a customer-centred after-sales service network with over 330 authorized service stations and over 410 networks covering all target markets. Several regional and national supply centres have been set up to ensure fast supply of spare parts. More than 370 overseas customer service managers have provided technical support and problem resolution, and cooperation has been well known.
The outlook is expected to be followed by an internal and external resonance: Overseas: with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major events, exhibitions, etc.
It is expected that demand in the passenger-car sector will continue to grow in a resilient manner, while the demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to be influenced by environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and the continued progress of new energy vehicle technology.