Utunbus (600066.sh): The company q2 performed well, and the structure of internal sales and sales is expected to continue to improve.
The demand for domestic and foreign road passenger transport has continued to grow, and the company’s q2 performance has increased. The company’s net profit in the first half of the year was higher than in the first half of the year, mainly due to a significant increase in the volume of one company’s export sales and export operations
Xu Guojun, research assistant in the automobile industry, higher ratio, better marketing structure, higher performance contribution; 2 domestic tourism passenger market demand
According to the China Bus Statistics Information Network, the total sales of large and medium-sized buses in the industry in the first half of 2024 were as follows:
49755, or +35.6% of the same year, and 18,335 in the first half of the year, or +41.5% of the same year, the company won the industry faster. According to the sub-structure, the company’s new energy sources and exports are in the forefront of the industry.
The cumulative volume of vehicles sold was 15656, or +1.9 per cent; the volume of new energy buses sold was 3948, or +75.2 per cent, and the market share was 25.2 per cent. The total number of Chinese passenger vehicles exported in the first half of 2024 was 27551, or +39.4 per cent, and the number of vehicles exported was 6,500, representing an increase of 58.3 per cent.
The market share reached 23.6%, and the sales structure was better-led by bicycles, and the Māori rate continued to rise, keeping in mind that the new policy + export + new energy-led internal sales and sales structure continued to improve. On July 29, the Ministry of Transport and Finance issued the New Energy City Bus and Power Batteries Update.
Subsidy enforcement rules, with an average subsidy of $80,000 per vehicle for the renewal of the new energy city bus; $42,000 per vehicle for the replacement of power cells. We believe that this time an old replacement policy is likely to lead to an accelerated phase-out of the old new energy bus, further stimulating domestic demand.
In the first half of the year, large orders were delivered in Greece, Spain, Chile, etc., and in many places in the domestic market, new energy buses, buses, and so on. As demand for new energy buses continues to grow abroad, the domestic tourism market moves into a booming phase, and the distribution structure is expected to continue to improve.
Profit projection: See old policy swap + export + new energy-led intra-market and volume structure Sindha Securities Co. Ltd.
Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and tight local fiscal balances lead to less than expected demand, sea \triangleright
In Beijing, the city's west-city district, the Golden House No. 127 A. Wumenxi Street in Beijing, increased competition outside the city, the risk of international instability, and the spread of new energy buses were not as popular as expected.
Figure 2: Quarterly corporate collections (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Quarterly net profits of the company to the parent (billions) — net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company (billions)
Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates for Companies (%) Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates for Companies (%) Figure 7: Quarterly Sales of Companybuses (vehicles)
Figure 8: Quarterly sales (vehicles) by medium-sized and medium-sized company passenger vehicles, Figure 9: Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quantities (millions of US dollars) covered, with a focus on opportunities in areas such as car industry chains, Tesla industry chains, smart cars, autonomous brands, etc.
Xu Guofang, the Master of Applied Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as smartness, new power, and the whole of the vehicle. What components are not, are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly, relevant to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.