In the first half of 2024, the company announced a huge increase in sales and an increase in exports. The company sold 4743 buses in June, compared to the previous year.
Growth of 0.36 per cent, with a cumulative sales volume of 20,555 in the first half of the year, an increase of 35.82 per cent over the same period.
Exchange volumes have increased on an equal basis. The volume of corporate exports has increased significantly, while the share of corporate exports has increased, and the structure of sales has increased in favour of good performance. 2) Domestic markets: benefiting from the continued good tourism industry, demand for tourism passenger markets has recovered and domestic sales by firms have grown.
China’s Woo-tung, China’s world. Recovery of demand in the overseas passenger-car market and growth in demand for new energy buses abroad, sustained growth in corporate export operations, and significant growth in export sales; and higher share of corporate export operations, better sales structure, and higher performance.
The total market value/flow of new energy is expected to continue to grow in Asia, the Middle East and Central Asia.
The company is making a transition from “manufacturing + marketing” to “manufacturing service + solution” enterprises. The original “wootong model” of China’s manufacturing exports became the backbone of China’s automobile industry.
“Producer exports” move towards “technology exports and brand authorization” as an innovative model of business models. Investment advice: companies are scarcely high-growth + high-equity core assets, new global energy passenger vehicles Pacific Institute
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007,57165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.