A 24q2 performance over-expected passenger car tap to the world. 2024q2 performance on 10th of July 2024, 2024q2 recovery of a higher-than-several market led to the release of profit elasticity.
Business as a percentage of business has improved and profitability has improved. Looking forward to 2024q3, as the export boom continues, the company’s domestic leaders in the bus industry have moved to the world. The company’s bus collection product has been developed, manufactured and sold to one \triangleright.
The Department focuses on the Chinese and Chinese markets, setting up the entire industry chain, while the scale effect highlights the fact that in the new export cycle the product is sold out globally, with 4,921 buses exported from 2024m1-5 and +64.2% from the same country.
1. Medium-term investment strategy for the auto parts and components industry in 2024: smart, scale-driven cost-drawn cash flows are a good guarantee of high dividends. Corporate sales have increased steadily, in size.
We believe that as the bus industry matures, the corporate capital expenditure aggregates 3.32 billion yuan in gold, increasing the company’s profitability and increasing its cash flow. Domestic policy replacements + the bottom of the new energy passenger vehicle export bus industry go up. March 13, 2024.
The Department of State launched the New and Old Action Programme, which will promote the replacement of urban public transport power and support the upgrading of old and new energy buses. At the same time, with the replacement of new energy buses acquired in 2015-2019, the bus industry is expected to start a new replacement cycle; overseas markets benefit from the proximity of global carbon and targets.
A steady and sustained upturn in the delivery of passenger vehicles is expected to lead to further growth in corporate performance. Investment advice: a company is a leader in the country’s large and medium-sized passenger industry, covering a wide range of segmented markets, with long-term growth of longer-term and longer-term growth + sustained high-scoring red power driving corporate value upwards.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.