In August, the sales of the rings increased and the scenes turned on the current research assistant Sun In-ho, Inc.: 3648 vehicles were sold in August 2024, corresponding to 6 per cent/+9 per cent for the same rings;
Production was 4189 vehicles, with the same ring ratio + 3 per cent/+61 per cent.  A significant recovery in sales in August resulted in a better output than in sales. Corporate sales in August recovered, with a slight drop in demand for domestic seats in the low season and the release of bus requirements.
It takes time, on the other hand, to confirm an export order. The production dimension, the August company's apparent warehouse, and the bus business model, which often sells the product, leaves some orders late to confirm, and monthly sales fluctuations are normal.
The medium-sized passenger ratio remains high. According to the length of the vehicle, the medium-sized and medium-sized passenger sales in August 2024 accounted for 86%, and the same ring ratio - 2 pct/+0pct - remained high.
In August, the total stock of 541  buss in exchange for old policy additions to watch the demand boost in the second half of the year. In August 2024, the new energy source city bus and battery supplementation rules were introduced, specifying the amount of the subsidy, the deadline, and the total amount of the subsidy.
(1) An average subsidy of $60,000 per vehicle, of which $10,000 is allocated for the renewal of the new energy city. (2) Subsidized funding supports the replacement of vehicles registered in urban buses by 31 December 2016 and the replacement of power cells in new energy cities.
Woo-tung Bus (600066): Reported in 2024: Rules clearly subsidize the deadline for requesting funds on 20 January 2025, time windows are higher than profit margins and operating cash flow is higher than expected!
Short, the actual pace of change in 24h2 is expected to accelerate, and we measure bus holdings for more than eight years.
In July, sales grew and fell, replacing old policies with a 24h2 sales-upgrade. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.