The third quarter of 2020 was evaluated by the Tiger Medicine (300347), which is $1 billion, or +13.27 per cent; net profit on maternity, 1.318 billion, or +149.57 per cent; and deductions.
Research assistant: Lui Kuo-q3 ring q3 has increased slightly, and clinical operations have been gradually restored. The company’s main clinical co-operation has been reduced in the last three quarters, owing to the disease, the clinical operations of the hospital channels have been limited and the net profit from the recovery and withholding has been lower than the net profit.
s03401907037 at previous years ' levels, but the fair value changes resulting from the return on investment have increased significantly, resulting in a significant increase in the net return to the mother. q2 and q3 have achieved revenues of 802 million yuan and 848 million yuan, respectively, on a quarterly basis.
The advance at the end of September amounted to $46 million, an increase of 77.34 per cent compared to the start of the year, and the need for more clinical trials resulting from the new coronary outbreak and the gathering, and the company’s increased demand. As the new coronation retreated, the hospital’s clinical lines were gradually restored.
The net interest rate has increased considerably over the same period. In the first three quarters, the company achieved a Māori rate of 48.48%, an increase of 1.58 projects over the same period, with a significant increase in investment to enhance future performance expectations.
52 items registered; the number of ongoing clinical research projects on drugs increased to 349, while 210 ongoing clinical research projects on medical devices: 100 ongoing bioequivalency research projects. As of the end of June, there were 979 clinical trial site management and patient recruitment services (smo)
Although affected by the new coronary pneumonia, there were 1,941 ongoing laboratory services at the end of June. Investment in the first half of the year was $519 million, and future investment returns are expected to continue, creating a double growth dynamic with the resumption of the main camp.
Investment proposal: The company is the lead in the clinical phase, with a larger number of projects in hand, the epidemic gradually dissipating, the recovery of back-to-clinical operations, sustained growth in productive capacity, rapid growth in investment mergers and acquisitions, and future performance with 300 indexes of depth as the reference point for the “market index” of this rating system.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.