Larger shares (600160) chemical industry. Keep in mind that the company continues to benefit from the fluorinated climate enhancement.
• The company has a complete fluorinated industrial chain, which fully benefits from the industry ' s enhanced climate. The company has a complete hydrofluorocarbon, liquid chlorine, chloroform, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, alf-based fluororefrigerant, organic fluorine monomer, fluoropolymer, and a complete industrial chain, including a second-generation refrigerant r22, with a capacity of 100,000 tonnes/year, size.
Top three in the country; third-generation refrigerants r134a, r125 and r32 have the highest domestic capacity of 70,000, 40,000 and 62,000 tonnes, respectively, of which r134a is global in size. • Upstream costs of industrial chains support refrigerant prices.
In November, hebei’s fluorescent plant began to make it impossible to stop production due to low temperatures, further straining domestic supply. In the long run, the fluorescent is listed as a “strategic resource” of the country, with a ratio of reserves well below the international average. To achieve sustainable development, the country has frequently adopted policies to restrict the production of fluorescent products through export restrictions and strict access standards.
Environmental protection measures have continued to escalate since 2017, with frequent inspections reducing the start-up rate of firms, forcing unqualified businesses to shut down, and further regulating fluorescent capacity. The price of fluorescent powder in the medium to long term will enter the upwards path, driving the rise in the prices of fluorinated products such as hydrofluoric acid and refrigerants downstream.
Production quotas have been reduced and prices of r22 have been rising. Since this year, the price of second-generation refrigerant r22 has been rising steadily, with average prices in Zhejiang having risen by 32.4 per cent over the previous year ' s average, and the price difference having risen by 37.8 per cent over the same period.
A new cold-year production cycle will begin, with further strains on goods by the end of the year. In the long term, as a party to Article 5 of the Montreal Protocol (i.e., developing countries), we have formally implemented quota management for R22 since 2013 and by 2015 our production of hcfcs will be in the baseline year.
Production quotas have been reduced from 434,000 tons in 2013 to 274,000 tons, and domestic production will fall to 200,000 tons by 2020. Currently, we have about 600,000 Hcfc-22 capacity, taking into account room air conditioning, R22 uses a 47,000 quota, downstream ptef capacity of about 110,000 tons, and monolithic and tfe roads.
The production capacity and ptef capacity will further boost the demand for r22 as feedstock, placing a strain on the supply of r22 as an intermediate for other refrigerants, balancing the supply of other refrigerants and creating an overall supply of refrigerants.
The company ' s chlor-alkali operations, the chlor-alkali operations, combined with the industrial chain, have been associated with cost reduction, with pvdc being the company ' s patented product, with domestic markets accounting for more than 60%. The benefits of the chlor-alkali operations have been sustained, demand has risen, prices have increased and profits have increased.
The future acquisition of corporate fluorinated R & D assets will help companies to establish sound autonomous R & D systems, increase technological reserves, rapidly increase core technological ownership and innovation, and enhance the firm’s core competitiveness. Giant shares (600160): sub-season performance is over-expected.
Continuously observing the fluorine landscape cycle (2018-10-28) 1 company is a leading domestic HFC industry, with a strong overall chain advantage
1.1 Deep-farming fluorinated and refrigerants, which have the advantage of supporting raw materials The largest fluorinated and chlor-alkali integrated fluorinated manufacturing base in the country. After two decades of industry expansion, a complete fluorinated industrial chain is now in place, including basic fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated refrigerants, organic fluorinators, etc.
Fluorinated polymers, fine chemicals, electronic chemical materials, etc.
The company ' s industrial chain is well configured and its main products and production capacity include: (1) refrigerants: the company owns a second generation of R22 tonnes/year, and is the third largest in the country; the third generation of refrigerants r134a, r125 and r32 have a combined capacity of 70,000 tonnes, 40,000 tonnes and 62,000 tonnes/year, respectively, of which r134a is global in scope.
First, the company is the only one in the country that uses its own technology to industrialize the fourth generation of fluorinated refrigerants. With the launch of projects such as r245 (phase I), new types of fluorinated refrigerant technologies and conversions, the company’s fluorinated refrigerants industry has become global leader (2) with new chlor-containing materials: the company owns 35,000 tonnes/year of pvdc food packaging film, and 15,000 tonnes/year of modifications.
ptfe resins and 5,000 tonnes/year faep. With the implementation of projects such as 23.5 kt/a new chlorine-containing materials (phase II), 10 kt/apvdf (phase I), fluorinated polymers will be further expanded to new varieties, new uses, high-end, competitive strength will be one ton/year, 3,000 tonnes/year of electronic grade hydrochloric acid, 10,000 tonnes/year of electron-grade sulphuric acid, 6,000 tonnes/year of electro-grade nitrate, buffer oxygen
For special electronics, 1,000 tonnes/year, 500 tonnes/year and 1000 tonnes/year of pharmaceutical-grade chlorinated hydrogen, with high capacity and pure chlorinated hydrogen, are in the certification phase and are expected to increase profits in the future.
In the third quarter of the year, the company achieved revenue of $3.89 billion, an increase of 10.3 per cent, a decline of 4.7 per cent, a net return to the mother of $590 million, an increase of 111.4 per cent, a decrease of 5.5 per cent. In the third quarter, the Māori sales rate was 23.7 per cent, an increase of 5.2 percentage points, a decrease of 1.5 percentage points. In the Zhejiang region, the average price of refrigerant r22 was reduced in the third quarter.
The 50.8 per cent increase in the same year, the 51.9 per cent increase in the same price margin, the 27.9 per cent increase in the average price of r134a, the 40.1 per cent increase in the same price margin, the 33.2 per cent increase in the average price of r32, the 46.3 per cent increase in the same price margin, and the significant increase in the same price of refrigerants in the traditional light season, which is the main reason for the company’s over-expected performance in the third quarter.
Trichloromethane represents a three-quarterly increase of 17.0 per cent in average prices for fluorinated feedstocks and a substantial 64.5 per cent increase in average prices for fluoropolymer material, represented by ptfe, which is also an important reason for the significant increase in company performance in the three-quarters and year-on-year. In addition, the three-quarter increase in sales of fluoropolymer materials, represented by phenoxyamide, is 19.1 per cent in average prices and 6.5 per cent in sales.
The fluorinated industry chain has been improved by environmental policies and by its own supply and demand patterns, with products rising continuously, by 80%, and by more than 100%. Since 2018, the pre-fluorinated industry has continued with its high profile, with companies well positioned and large-scale advantages in the fluorinated industry benefiting fully from the chain cycle of the fluorinated industry.
In terms of Māori rates and net interest rates, the increase has been sustained since 2017, as a result of the high profile of major fluorinated workers, and continued to rise in the first three quarters of 2018. In terms of cost structure, corporate governance has been optimized, management costs have declined, while firms have continued to increase their R&D efforts and R&D rates have risen on the basis of growth in revenue.
There has also been a certain increase in the synergy between the two, which has led to an increase in Roe and a rising level of asset utilization. From the collection and gross profit structure of 2018h1, fluorinated industries (including fluorinated industrial feedstocks, refrigerants, fluorinated polymers and fluorinated fine chemicals) contributed the most, with 57.6 per cent of the revenue, 73.4 per cent of the Māori share being larger than the camp share.
The ratio reflects the high profitability associated with the overall high profile of the fluorinated industry.
2.1 National policy, dual constraints on environmental high pressure, tight supply of core raw materials Fluoride, chemical component caf (48.9% fluorine content) is the only one that can produce fluorinated elements in large quantities and powders (higher than 97% calcium fluorine purity) react to the production of waterless hydrofluoric acid (ahf) to extract the fluorinated elements and thus form a cluster.
After a shock of 2017, the domestic price of fluorine rose to a new upward trend in 2018, with prices rising again and again. The average price for the three quarters of 2018 was $2824 per ton, an increase of 28.19 per cent. To date, the price is $3383 per ton.
Tons, an increase of 32.04% compared to the beginning of the year, are at an all-time high. The price of fluorescent rose in 2017 mainly because of parking changes and environmental restrictions, which did not disappear after the year 2018, thus sustaining a sustained rise in the price of flints on a high basis in 2017, and the underlying factors are not expected to weaken in the short term.
On the one hand, the price of raw flints and sulfur acids has gone up, and the price of unhydrated hydrofluoric acids has risen. On the other hand, high levels of environmentally sound and dangerous chemicals have been restricted, and the supply of hydrofluoric acids has not been adequate.
In addition, downstream refrigerant markets have returned and demand for waterless hydrofluoric acid has increased even more. 2.1.1 national policy limits fluorescent mining, with limited supply for industrial expansion, according to the Mineral Products Survey 2018 published by the United States National Geological Administration (USGS), full 2017
Of the approximately 500 million tons of mineral resources, approximately 270 million tons were identified, mainly in South Africa, China, Mexico and Mongolia, totalling about 50.4 per cent of the global total, with a domestic reserve of 41 million tons, or 15.19 per cent, but producing as much as 3.8 million tons, or 63.33 per cent, directly contributing to the overexploitation of the country ' s resources and storage ratios.
In recent years, as the strategic value of the fluorescent resources and the state of our over-exploitation of the fluorescent stones have become apparent, the State has gradually restricted their exploitation. On the one hand, there is a further restriction on the export of fluorescent stones, ranging from the elimination of tax refunds on their exports to the imposition of export tariffs.
On the other hand, by raising the standards of access to the fluorescent industry, stringent regulations have been put in place on the qualifications of the fluorescent enterprises in terms of production layouts, scale of production, process and equipment, efficiency in the use of resources, product quality, environmental protection, safety and health. The data show that the national production of fluorescent has remained at around 4 million tons since 2012 and that the annual growth rate has tended to be zero or negative.
Given that the admission criteria will continue to be applied, with only the possibility of tightening and easing, it can be expected that the restrictions on fluorescent production will remain scarce and that the supply of the industry will not expand significantly. Moreover, despite the efforts made in 2013 to eliminate the customs duties imposed by the wto, export volumes have continued to decline in recent years. This may be due to the length of foreign tariffs imposed on exports over several years.
Enterprises that import fluorescent raw materials from the country have moved their production capacity to the country, so that exports have not rebounded. 2.1.2 The environmental stress situation remains constant, fluorescent and hydrofluoric acid are restricted, upstream supply has been further reduced, and environmental pressure has been on the country since 2017, with the fluorescent industry starting at a much higher rate.
The process produces high-fluoride wastewater, which is potentially destructive to the environment and is the focus of environmental surveillance. On the other hand, the fluorescent industry is characterized by “dispersement, chaos, poor” and is characterized by irregularities in production by small and medium-sized firms, only some of which are considered to be fully compliant.
In 2018, the market rose at a high point in March-May, and it rose again after the end of July. According to the Secretary-General, most of the country’s major producers of fluorescent stones were concentrated in the south, except in Mongolia. In March-May, because of the southern ring.
These inspections have continued, and the country’s fluorescent plants have been operating as a whole for only five to six percent of the time, with tight market supply, supply flow, supply-side prices continuing, and a small upturn in the fluorine market. In the recent past, the price of downstream hydrofluoric acids and aluminium fluorine has been rising and rising, and environmental factors have led to the parking of the fluorescent plants and the tightening of their supply, and the country’s market for fluorescent stones has risen dramatically.
On the one hand, export restrictions and high access standards have severely restricted the expansion of fluorescent capacity; on the other hand, the environmental stress of 2019 will continue.
Some firms are under-tested, others are faced with a loss of life, and the supply of fluorescent stones does not rise or fall. Supply bottlenecks, which are difficult to change in the short term, will continue to support high prices of fluorescent stones.
Hydrochloric acids are divided into hydrohydrofluoric acids and hydrofluoric acids without water, of which hydrofluoric acids are corrosion, acid washes, catalysts, etc. The chemical properties of hydrohydrofluoric acids are very active and can react to alkalis, metals, oxides, silicates, etc., and are widely used in the atomic, chemical, petroleum and other industries; in particular, many.
Use in inorganic fluorinated compounds, fluorine refrigerants, and organic fluorinated compounds are important raw materials in the fluorinated industrial chain.According to the information available at the end of 2016, there were 90 hydrofluoric acid producers nationwide with a total capacity of 2.681 million tons, but only 8 of them with more than 50,000 tons of capacity, reflecting the dispersion, fragmentation and fragmentation of the hydrofluoric acid production sector.
At the same time, hydrofluoric acid production is distributed in all provinces of the country, similar to that of fluorescent production enterprises, mainly Jiangxi, Fujian, Zhejiang, and Inner Mongolia, so that small and medium-sized production enterprises are the primary targets in the context of overall environmental protection in the southern region, resulting in a significant drop in the real supply of the industry as a whole, reflected in rising prices.
The current price of hydrofluoric acid (HFC) in the low-season period of downstream refrigerant production, after a return in May-July of this year, continues to rise, reflecting the decisive role of environmental factors in the overall supply-demand relationship, and we expect that in the future environmental pressure, HFC 2.2 is subject to an international convention, and developed countries will be able to withdraw their production and export well.
2.2.1 The main types of refrigerants and inter-generational replacements are ods and their substitutes, which are widely used in the consumer areas of refrigerators, household air conditioning, car air conditioning, etc., and dominate the refrigerant market, as well as plastic blowing agents, plastic blowing agents, etc.
Electronic detergents, aerosols, etc. Currently, the industry evaluates the level of environmental protection of fluorinated refrigerants based on the odp and gwp values and divides refrigerants into four-generation products. Of these, odp refers to atmospheric ozone depletion potential and gwp to global warming potential; the lower the two, the more environmentally friendly. Under international conventions, pre-generation refrigerants are being phased out.
The first generation of refrigerants was the HCFC (cfcs) group, which mainly represented r12, in addition to products such as r11, r113, r114. The chemical reaction of HCFCs to the ozone layer could cause very serious damage to the ozone layer.
The second generation of refrigerants, i.e., HCFCs, which mainly represent R22, includes products such as r123, r141b. Hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) are close to hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) and more rapidly decomposition in the atmosphere.
Rapidly, the damage to the ozone layer is relatively low, thus becoming a medium-term replacement for hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs), which was widely used by the International Society and was once one of the most widely used refrigerants in the country. But as global consumption of this type of refrigerant increases, its destructive effects on the ozone layer are not negligible, with the Montreal Protocol producing HCFCs for all countries.
The third generation of refrigerants is HFA (hfcs), representing mainly the products of r-134a, r125, r32 and blended refrigerants (e.g. r410a). The odp value of this refrigerant is 0, which is not destructive to the ozone layer and is performance-friendly.
But helium hydrofluorocarbons (hfcs) are a greenhouse gas and are listed under the Kyoto Protocol as one of the six greenhouse gases to be controlled, with an overall gwp level higher than a second-generation refrigerant. Countries such as the European Union, the United States, etc. have now introduced regulatory policies to phase out specific uses of hydrofluorocarbons (hfcs) with a certain gwp level.
The fourth generation of refrigerants, multi-purpose HFOs (hfos), is a new type of refrigerant, representing mainly products such as r1234yf, r1234ze, and so on: it also includes natural hydrocarbon refrigerants (hcs), the main products being r600a, r290 and so on. The alternative refrigerant odp is also zero and its impact on global warming is low, and it is gradually starting to invest globally.
The price of the main refrigerant product rose significantly as of November 2018. The price of r22 rose from $8,800 per ton to $21,000 per ton, an increase of 139 per cent; the price of r134a rose by 13 per cent.
2.2.2 The first generation of HCFC (cfcs) products, which is one of the main causes of ozone layer damage under the Montreal Protocol to the International Convention, is as far back as 2010
In 2007, the Nineteenth Meeting of the Parties to the Montreal Protocol was held.
In addition, the international community agreed on an adjustment to accelerate the phase-out of the second-generation refrigerant HCFC (hcfcs) group. The agreement established a different exit schedule for developed and developing countries, with the expectation that the second-generation refrigerant would be completely phased out in the near future.
Production and consumption are frozen annually and phased out completely by 2030. As a party to Article 5 of the Protocol (i.e., developing countries), China has formally implemented quota management for R22 since 2013 and will produce r22, r123, r124, r141b and r142b by 2015.
Taking into account the quota of 475,000 tonnes for room air conditioners, about 110,000 tonnes for downstream ptef production, and 106,000 tonnes for single and tfe router, the overall demand for r22 is around 426,000 tonnes. r22 can be used as a cold agent itself and as a raw material for r125, r410a and r407, r22 supply tension also checks out the supply of other refrigerants.
Three generations of refrigerants are expected to be limited in the future, and producers are cautious. As the second generation of refrigerant hcfcs is on schedule, consumption of the third generation of HFC-type products has increased dramatically, and because of their high gwp
Hundreds or thousands of times the amount of carbon dioxide, and thus the global phase-out of capacity and the development and use of four-generation refrigerants, especially in developed countries. On October 10, 2016, the Montreal Protocol began phasing out third-generation refrigerant products at its 28th meeting.
Phase-downs of the product class with second-generation refrigerants under the relevant policy have created greater uncertainty about the benefits of three generation refrigerant production projects. For third-generation refrigerant producers, the cost of dismantling production lines and destroying equipment under the future production-limit policy is high, and therefore their willingness to expand is expected to be low, with a significant increase in the country’s total third-generation refrigerant production in the future.
The second generation of refrigerant production in the European region has been completely phased out, while the third generation of refrigerant production has been declining; and the second generation of refrigerant production in the Americas is rapidly shrinking. As a result, demand for the second and third generation of refrigerants in the overseas market is largely dependent on Chinese firms for production and export.
2.2.3 The demand for downstream air conditioners, car refrigerants, and the expectation that the refrigeration industry will maintain the coolant fluorine refrigerants are used mainly for domestic air conditioners, refrigerators and vehicle air conditioners. The demand includes production and maintenance replacements in two major areas, which are significantly affected by the production and retention of air conditioners, refrigerators, cars.
The majority of FACs are based on r22 as a refrigerant, while in the context of the strong trend towards the international phase-out of second-generation refrigerants, new domestic air conditioners and car air conditioners have mostly shifted to three-generation refrigerants, with new domestic air conditioners mostly being converted to R410a and R32 replacing part R22, while car air conditioners are more likely to use 134a; refrigerators are now the fourth most environmentally friendly type of refrigerators.
Refrigerants, such as the non-fluorinated refrigerant isobutane (r600a). Due to the fact that refrigerants are mostly non-fluorinated in refrigerators, especially air-conditioning products dominated by household air conditioners actually account for the largest share of refrigerant demand. Domestic air-conditioning production recovered from high growth in 2017, with a total production of 180 million units in 2017, after pre-stocking,
The increase of 12% in the same year. While the demand for refrigerants is high in the new production of air conditioners, there will be a lot of room for the replacement of refrigerants in the stock air conditioners. A five-year interval for the replacement of refrigerants in the general air conditioners, so the demand for the replacement of air conditioners in 2013 and 2014 will be high in the near future.
In the case of automobiles, domestic automobile production declined in 2017, but it is still growing. At the same time, new energy cars are being produced at a double cost, unlike fuel cars that can provide heat through engine residual heat, new energy cars need to be equipped with new air-conditioning systems.
The demand for refrigerants is higher, given the high rate of car compound growth of 8% in the past few years, and the demand for refrigerant replacement in the stock market. Overall, future air conditioning and vehicle production will continue to increase at a higher rate, while the demand for stock market replacement will be higher.
So we believe that refrigerant prices will remain high at a later stage. 2.3 fluoropolymers are supported by an excellent policy of performance, and future demand space for 2.3.1 fluoropolymers is wide-ranging and domestic is dominated by ptfe.
Fluorinated polymers, consisting mainly of fluorine resins, fluorine rubbers and fluorine coatings, account for 20 per cent of total fluorinated consumption in the fluorinated industry, where fluorinated resins refer to the sum of synthetic resins in molecules containing fluorinated atoms, with high heat resistance, chemical corrosivity, durability and durability, extensive applications in industrial buildings, petrochemical and automotive industries, space industry, etc.
Globally, polytetrafluoroethylene (ptfe), pvdf (polyfluoroethylene difluoroethylene) and perfluoroethylene condensate (fep) account for about 90% of the global market for chlorinated polymers. Domestically, the main industrial fluoro resins are polytrafluoroethylene (ptfe), pvdf (polyfluoroethylene difluoroethylene), perfluoroethylene condensate (fep) and polyfluoroethylene (pvf).
Other fluorinated resins are still under development, mainly ptfe. ptfe is a conglomerate of monomer tetrafluoroethylene monomer, a transparent or non-transparent waxy, pe-like, heat-resistant, chemical-resistant, low friction coefficient, electrical insulation excellent and capable of continuous use at high temperatures.
2.3.2 The fluoropolymers policy is strongly supported, and the ptfe sector is developing rapidly. According to the “13th Five” Development Plan for China's Fluorine Industry, ptfe, pvdf, according to the planning estimates, is expected to consume about 1038 000 tons of fluoropolymers throughout the year 2018, and the start rate is expected to be around 1038 000 tons.
90% of the demand is met and the industry is at a fast-growing stage. 2.3.3 Raw material r22 is supported and ptfe prices are rising. Fluorinated polymers are made of fluorinated monomers for feedstock polymers, e.g. ptfe requires tfe (tetrafluoroethylene) polymer reaction.
In the case of ptfe, the raw material r22 freezes capacity and implements production quotas under international conventions, and the supply of raw materials is subject to mandatory restrictions while limiting the significant increase in the production capacity of ptfe.
Ptfe prices continued their upward trend at the beginning of 2018 and continued to rise after a wave of rebounds in June-September. Later on, environmental inspections were maintained, by-products (waste acids, sewage, etc.) treatment restricted production increases, while raw material barriers led to a long-term supply constraint in the polymer sector and a difficult expansion of production capacity; together with policy gains and a steady rise in downstream demand, we believe.
The price of fluoropolymer is or will not fall back.3 The chlor-alkali, HFA operations continue to warm, the company continues to increase its research and development investment in 3.1 chlor-alkali operations with fluorine support, and the industry works together to reduce efficiency gains.
At present, the company has a dominant role in Zhejiang province, mainly in light, chemical and textile industries in the province; liquid chlorine products are absorbed within the company, thus placing the company ' s chlor-alkali balance level, the chlor-alkali device performance rate at the forefront of its domestic counterparts, and the synergies in the industry are evident. By phasing out 100,000 tons of diaphragm, 230,000 tons of pvc production devices and electro-stones.
Installations such as vcm to optimize 460,000 tons of ion membrane filamentary alkalis, methane chlorination devices, to develop large chlor-alkali products such as pce, tce, vdc, pvdc, etc., to achieve fluorochlorine association and further reduce efficiency gains.
More than 60%. The company ' s pvdc size has developed in parallel with its variety, consolidating the intestinal membrane pvdc resins, developing fresh membrane pvdc resins, multilayering pvdc resins, pvdc emulsions, supporting development of vdc monomers, and actively expanding the domestic international market. 3.2.h.Amphetamine has continued to grow, with a steady high price of higher company performance.
The main uses of nylon 6 (pa6) are the production of nylons through polymers, which are toxic, light, good mechanical and mechanical intensities, grinding and better corrosive, mainly for products such as synthesizing combs, film sheets, and engineering plastics. Prior to 2011, nylons were found in industrial barriers, slow development and high external dependence.
The production capacity doubled in 2012 to 1.31 million tonnes/year and 3.63 million tonnes/year by the end of 2017, and in recent years...as the domestic production of ammonium increased gradually...The price of amphetamine declined. From the domestic price of ammonium recovered in 2016, the annual average price was $15276/ton in 2017, an increase of 38.3 per cent compared to the annual average price in 2016.
After entering 2018, the industry has continued to improve, reaching an average price of 16504 yuan per ton by November 2018, an increase of 8% over the average annual price for 2017. The company now has 150,000 tonnes per year of home ammonium production and 140,000 tonnes per year of cyclohexone raw material production, with more than two decades of experience in the production of this substance, absorption and innovation through the introduction of technology.
A combination of technology is at the forefront of the industry, and company performance will benefit from an increase in the climate in the industry. 3.3 Acquisition of research and development institutions, sustained and increased investment in research and development.
The use of proprietary technologies is the only domestic producer of pvdc with autonomous intellectual property rights; the company's three main links of “research-technology reserves-product production” are well-connected, creating a company-specific industrial cluster and technological advantage of scale. Companies dominate product patterns and produce their main products using advanced international standards; and the core industry fluorinated workers are in the vanguard of the country, with the fluorine in them.
Refrigerants are at the top of the world: new chlor-alkali-specific materials, methane chlorides, trichloroethylene, and tetrachloroethylene are among the most effective production capabilities in the country. In 2017, the company invested $371 million in research and development, an increase of 91.7 per cent over the same period, with 2.7 per cent as compared to 2.7 per cent. By the first half of 2018, the company had 82 patents for effective inventions, of which three were patented by the United States and three patented by Japan.
In November 2018, the company paid $253 million and $70 million for the purchase of 100% of Zhejiang Giant Technology Centre Limited and 100% of Zhejiang New Materials Research Institute Limited. The Giang Technology Centre currently has 173 employees, 65% of whom are technicians; it has five studies in high molecular materials, fluorine, environmental sciences, etc.
By the first half of 2018, the Centre had 131 proprietary technologies, 104 patents, and 62 patent applications. There were currently 16 employees of the Giant New Institute, 81% of whom were technicians; high-performance composite materials and high scores.
The acquisition of research and development institutions will help companies build sound autonomous R & D systems, increase technological reserves, and rapidly increase nuclear power.
Technologically autonomous innovation capabilities to enhance the core competitiveness of firms. Figure 27: Ratio of R & D inputs to companies. Scenario 3: No significant change in the company ' s three tariffs.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income for the company for 2018-2020 as follows: the risk of reduced refrigerant demand; the risk of a significant decrease in the price of fluorescent and hydrofluoric acid; and Noone will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.