Wang Qing Dynasty has grown faster, and the return on investment has been strong.
Events: China ' s life report published in the first quarter of 2020 resulted in business income of 33.777 billion yuan, compared with +82 per cent, and a net return to mothers of 17.9 billion yuan, compared with 34.4 per cent, compared with 34.4 per cent. China ' s 1q20 net return to mothers of 17.09 billion yuan, compared with 34.4 per cent, was achieved in 20 years, mainly because: 1) the same period in 2019 saw a higher base, 2) the weakness of capital markets and the impact of lower interest rates on reinvested returns during the quarter, 3) the weakening of reserves.
>nbv growth is robust and the risk person is stable. q1 premium revenue is equal to +13%, performing better in the industry, the business structure is generally better, 1) first-year premium is equal to +14%, representing 99.2%, the first-year premium is equal to +11.2%, maintaining high stability by 64.4%, 3) guaranteed products are followed up or optimized by product and marketing strategies. q1 new business value is equal to + 8.3%, mainly because 1) new list (first-year + short-term insurance) is the same as +16.5%, derived from +16.5%.
The company has increased its operations on the line, the guaranteed products have grown faster, and (2) the value rate has declined, mainly in relation to the marketing rhythm, and reflects the company’s client-centred drive for growth in size and value. We expect the company’s value to grow steadily throughout the year. The volume of sales has risen steadily. The company has raised the risk to a more strategic position, the strength of its staff has continued to grow, the q1 cut-off, over 2 million people, an increase of about 24 per cent over the end of the year, and the epidemic has led to the influx of unemployed persons into the proxies,
At the same time, there has been an active increase in the number of people on the line; the qualitative upturn, with the average effective sales of manpower per month at risk +18.4%, the company will continue to develop its collection team vigorously in the future, while consolidating the development of the district, while strengthening the proxy appraisals to achieve expansion. The rate of return on investment remains robust.
The ratio of 4.29% to the ratio of 2bp to 5.13% to the ratio of 5.13% to the ratio of 158bp, mainly due to the company ' s enhanced asset-liability matching, 2) increased allocation of local debt and negotiated deposits at high interest rates in the first quarter. This year, the allocation will also continue to be based on special national debt, local debt, and capital sector opportunities. 3) Equity markets, with high dividends.
With long-term investments, value investments, and sound investments, interest rates are flexible enough to keep firm investment returns. Investment ratings: new cards, new business values, surrogate growth, quality, etc. perform better in a quarter and secure products continue to grow. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
With the gradual recovery of Sinda Securities Inc. and the agent industry, the premium premium increases are expected to recover, while the value is expected to grow steadily. Performance at the investment end is expected to be stable.
The current valuation is at a historically low level, and recommends attention. Risk factors: affected by the epidemic, agent growth is not as fast as expected; agent productivity drops and people fall; and capital market volatility leads to investment revenue.
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Center, which is responsible for non-monetary financial research.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 to conduct research in the non-banking financial sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.