Weak supply and demand has led to short-term profit pressures, silicon tap performance elastic pending release: 29 October 2024, Eon Seon Seok-seok issued a three-quarter report for 2024. 2024, Eun-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e.
The company achieved operating income of 2,451,196 million yuan in three quarters, an increase of 2.57 per cent in the same year; net return of 877 million yuan, an increase of 714.73 per cent in the same year; net profit of 688 million yuan in the same period as the first three quarters of the international oil price shock, with the price of the first half of the year rising sharply and declining steadily;
In the third quarter, the northern hemisphere supported the rise in international oil prices by the season, followed by a seasonal fall in oil demand, a weakening of the global macroeconomic situation, a slowdown in geo-concerns, and a drop in international oil prices. Average Brent oil prices were $81.6 per barrel in the first three quarters of 2024, the same period as last year.
It's basically flat, with an average of $78.7 per barrel in the third quarter. The company's smelting plate in the first three quarters is identical to Pythe, and according to our calculations, carbide achieved a net profit of $2.65 billion, +2.3 billion, of which $620 million in the third quarter, the ring-to-160 million, and the third quarter has a narrow harvest of Māori.
Diverse effects of demand for sub-products, rapid fall in oil prices in the third quarter, weak cost-side support, down performance of refining plates, three-quarter changes in the ratio of pure benzene to gasoline, wood oil, kerosene, polypropylene, px, and pure benzene, respectively, +51, +30, based on data from the moor.
The refining industry continues to be integrated, and companies’ own strengths are expected to contribute to increasing the scope for performance growth. From an industry perspective, according to the National Development Reform Commission’s guidance, by 2025 the country’s capacity for primary processing of crude oil would be limited to 1 billion tons, with tens of millions of tons of refined oil enterprises producing around 55%.
So, by 2023, the total domestic output could be 953 million tons, approximately 69 million tons from the established ceiling. We believe that the future phase-out of small-scale refineries is likely to accelerate, industry or enter the age of stock competition, with a peak in the supply side of the industry and structural deepening.
Against this background, priority is expected to be given to the benefits of having a low-cost and high-product-rich vandalized integration pole. At the firm’s level, in the future period of refined stocks competition, we believe that companies have a number of competitive advantages, one being the level of energy efficiency, which, according to the data published by the China Petrochemical Industries Federation, they are working to achieve the goal of a more productive and productive economy.
In the production of core chemical products such as ethylene and benzene for feedstocks, the combined energy consumption is the industry standard; second, the feedstock choice is multiple sets of hydrogen, re-assembly, px and so on. The single series is the world's leading and can process 80-90% of the world's crude oil, at cost and cost.
There is a clear advantage in a variety of ways, such as the adaptability of raw materials; the third is product layout, and the rate of harvest of fossilized oils
Far below traditional refineries, with a higher proportion of chemical raw material output, it provides a sufficient raw material base for its new downstream material layout.
The incremental production capacity has continued steadily, with high-end products advancing steadily. Recently, the company has issued an announcement on the commissioning of an annual production of 100,000 tons of shundred land rubber/combined annual production of 70,000 tons of nickel as shundine rubber, 380,000 tons of annual polyethers, and the first set of annual production of 25,000 tons of polyols per year in the installation of polyethers.
In addition, projects such as the company ' s gold pond new materials project, high-performance resin, high-end new materials, etc. are also moving ahead as planned, with the company ' s high-end, high-value-added products falling into the ground in the future, the depth and breadth of its industrial chain development expected to increase further, and the performance growth brought about by the new chemical materials plate.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we predict that the company's net return profits for 2024-2026 will be \triangleright, depending on the development of new chemical materials at the Great Refinery Platform, and that the elasticity of the refining business will be released.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for the glorified petrochemicals. Risk factors: large price shocks for crude oil; less progress in building new capacity than expected; \triangleright
Performance falls short of expectations and prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly; risks of excess refining capacity; downstream risks of slow recovery of product profits; risks of significant additions to the petrochemical sector from “carbon neutrality” policies; and global economic recovery.
Mr. Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of Industry of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development
Planning research, revision of technology policy in the coal industry and enterprise-related advice were conducted on 100 topics, and in June 2016, the Union ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Director-General's assistant led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry, and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents on hydrocarbon industry planning, construction of a new energy system, industry carbon peaks and high-quality development in the country's ministries.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the components of the stone, which are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Holdings (hereinafter “Sindak Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.