Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Event 1: On 29 October, Emeritus published three-quarterly 2024 reports to achieve operating income
Event 2: On 29 October, Precious petrochemicals issued an announcement on the production of eligible products from the petrochemical polymer polyol device and the company's price as compared to the depth of 300 per cent.
• The volatility of crude oil has increased, with three quarters of performance under pressure, and three quarters of crude oil is subject to weak data from the US-China economy, although the rise in the geo-conflict in October has led to a steady recovery of crude oil, which has generally been declining in the third quarter of 2024.
The average price of Brent crude oil was $78.39 per barrel, a 7.82 per cent decline in the ring, a decline of 8.54 per cent over the same period. The decline in crude oil, on the one hand, put pressure on the prices of the products and, on the other hand, caused widespread stock losses in refining enterprises.
In terms of profitability, the supply of and demand for acrylic hydrocarbons are relatively stable in three quarters, end-time demand falls short of the expected profit from aromatic hydrocarbons, and finished oils, kerosene products, new materials for profit actively contribute to project construction, stretching the chain, and oil precipitation.
Companies follow the line of chain-up, oil-reducing, value-added products, and guarantee medium- and long-term growth. For refining companies, we believe that competition in new materials will have full advantages, first, the pre-investment advantage of sufficient cash flows, and second, high R & D inputs.
The resulting high-efficiency output is the continuing cost advantage of the advantage of the integrated platform, and the scarcity of the advantage of raw materials will become increasingly apparent in the context of tight project approval. Tons/years of α-vinyl hydrocarbons are successfully tested.
Modelled at 100,000 tonnes/year, single-package capacity is now the first in the country, rare-swidden rubber capacity is the second in the country, and the combined capacity of newly produced rare-swidden rubber and formerly produced nickel, shunt rubber and soluble polybutylene rubber, is the highest in the country.
In January 2024, the company announced its intention to invest in gold ponds. 2. Performance improved on a year-on-year basis, with the rapid release of new materials.
New material projects with a total projected investment of 67.5 billion yuan, consisting of 3 million tonnes/year catalytic fission devices, 600,000 tonnes/year aromatic pump combined devices, 1 million tonnes/yeareva combined devices, 200,000 tonnes/3. Performance ring improvement and gradual restoration of the landscape
In addition, high-performance resins, high-end new material, etc. are on schedule.
On 2 January 2024, the two parties signed a Memorandum of Understanding between the Gyanculosis and the Saudi Army, which they are discussing for the acquisition of Jubail Refinery, a Saudi-America-owned subsidiary.
50% equity, and it is proposed to increase product flexibility, complexity, and quality by increasing production capacity. At the same time, both sides are discussing the potential acquisition of 50% (50%) of SABE’s equity in the Pingpo Sino-Pulse S.A. and are jointly developing it.
The company and Saudi Arabia are actively promoting cooperation. The two sides have agreed on a number of matters and signed the Framework Agreement for a Joint Development Agreement in Riyadh on 11 September 2024, which together marks a joint development agreement.
(i) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products; (ii) safe production risks; and (iii) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected; The data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, and are based on publicly available information on the market, without any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.