The three-quarter growth rate slowed down, and the demand for servers remained high for a long time.
Billion dollars, a decline of 8.82 per cent over the same period; a single-quarter return net profit of $223 million, a decline of 8.91 per cent over the same period; a slowdown in the three-quarter growth rate and a slight decline in cost control of the three-quarter decline of 20.13 per cent over the one-quarter decline in the three-quarter harvest; and a slight decline in the Maori rate to 10.98 per cent as a result of the three-quarter server market.
The Māori rate, a key indicator, also suffered a slight decline in the impact of the fall in the harvest rate, q3 single season Māori rate, a slight decline in demand for the market for the q3 server, a further increase in corporate leadership, a combination of multiple factors and a three-quarter decline in the server landscape, and an increase in the company ' s q2 share to 40 per cent.
The slowdown in demand on the ground has been due in many ways to the strong recovery of the overdraft component of demand in the second quarter, which, according to idc, saw a 19.3 per cent increase in the size of our server market in the first half of 2020, with a 39.8 per cent increase in the size of the market in the q2 quarter, while the economy as a whole has recovered slowly and there has been a slight decline in business server procurement.
According to forecasts by agencies like digitimes, the market ratio for servers in the third quarter has declined by almost 5%. Looking back at the industry as a whole in the second quarter, the tide has risen further as a domestic server leader, raising the city’s share by 2 pct to 39.5%. For the fourth quarter, at the company level, the contractual liability ratio in the third quarter has increased by 987 million yuan to 2,243 million dollars.
The cash flow of single-quarter reserve payments is roughly the same as in the second quarter, with a steady growth in business performance. Over the past year, the central valuation was 56.35 times higher, and the current valuation is being suppressed by a temporary decline in industry, and we still have a long-term “recommended” rating for the value of the company’s investments as the server’s leader.
s01051812121 Server needs are not as expected; repayments are not as expected; the epidemic affects downstream capital expenditure 1.
20-year-old Quarterly Review: Performance exceeded expectations, server industry accelerated up, 2.
Year 19: Performance continues to be positive, benefiting service providers at the point where the company ' s financial statements are projected.
In 2019, the head of the Education & Computer Industry of the Civil Security Institute joined the Institute of Civil Securities and the Master of Financial Sciences of the Shanghai Foreign Economics and Trade University. Former author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Consultancy Association of China, he was assured that the data used in the report would be derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and the conclusions would not be influenced by any third party.