Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center Short-term downstream demand rewinding into server flagship growth prospects
On 30 October 2020, the company issued a three-quarterly report, which achieved business income of 45,503 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 19.02 per cent in the same year; a net return to the mother of 628 million yuan, an increase of 21.37 per cent in the same year; and a deduction of the non-return to the mother of 608 million yuan, an increase of 29.64 per cent in the same year.
Seasonal fluctuations have led to a decline in performance in the single quarter, but overall business performance remains good. Companies q3 collect 15,217 million yuan, a decrease of 8.82 per cent in the same season, a decrease of 251 million yuan in the mother ' s net profit, a decrease in the same year.
Slow down, we judge that the demand side will rebound. The net interest rate of the company has risen steadily in the first quarter, from 0.19 pp over the same period of the year, and the sales and management rates have remained low during the reporting period, and we believe that the public sector has shown a better level of business and management in the context of the expansion of its size.
Wavex86 servers and i servers account for 43.5% and 53.5%, respectively, of the country’s highest number; 2020q1 servers, with more than one node, have the highest global volume of goods and sales.
With technology up to 25%, letter up to 6%, and the month of September up to 15.2%, wave information camps are still slightly better off than other friendly businesses. We believe that the company’s voice in the industrial chain has been enhanced by the expansion of its operations, and that it can be managed proactively in the future in terms of up-and-down periods, procurement, repayments, etc.
Downstream capital spending remains high, the industry as a whole is still on the rise, and short-term rebounds are not changing its long-term outlook. Benefiting from 5g-scale networking, rapid growth in cloud computing, margin computing, and rising domestic and foreign cloud surge collection and capital spending (North America’s famga combined, q3, yoy17.94% and capital spending, yoy).
With 29% of the country’s latest data, q2 collects yoy24.59%, and capital spending 97%), and starting with warmth, we conclude that the year and year are still a year of cloud computing. Moreover, the country’s cloud plants are growing faster and more certain, with companies earning more than 80% of the domestic market and growing more rapidly.
We keep looking at corporate servers and smart computing business development prospects, maintaining a prior profit forecast, pre-empting the opening of the art server demand, the supply chain risks of trade friction between Central America and the United States.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment