The net profit of 17h1 fell by 90 per cent and the high coal price devoured profits 7.5rmb/54hkd yoy+11.36 per cent, net profits of 788 million yuan, yoy-89.88 per cent and corporate q2 net in the first quarter.
The decline in performance of $136 million, or yay-94.2 per cent, is mainly due to the effect of the rise in coal prices on a year-on-year basis, which are still high, but some provinces and municipalities have begun to raise the price of coal electricity on the Internet, which has had a positive impact on the future performance of the Department.
Electricity generation rose by 27.8 per cent and electricity prices on the Internet by 3.3 per cent: in 2017, affected by the macroeconomic recovery, companies accumulated 1,86,685 million kilowatt-hours of electricity production, an increase of 27.80 per cent in the same year; after the end of the billion kilowatt-hours, the increase was 31.02 per cent in the same year. The lower growth in the growth of the crop was mainly due to the company ' s departure.
The annual acquisition of the Heilongjiang, Gilling and Shandong power-generating assets has raised the level of power generation levels, the product mix, the high price of coal, the pressure of the power industry, and the expected increase in coal integration: the ocean has been moving since this year.
The high prices of the Power Coal Price Index since the fourth quarter of the 16 years continued, with an average price of over 60 per cent as at 30 June, and the high cost of coal devoured the company ' s profits, resulting in a net profit in the event of an 11 per cent increase in the company ' s revenue.
As the country’s coal supply side reform continues and price regulation improves, the company’s performance will continue without adjustment. As coal power and fire power plants move up and down as industrial chains, unhealthy price patterns lead to increased integration, combining fire power and coal.
Reorganization is a genuine win-win move, both to stabilize the cost of the power plant and to stabilize the income of the coal industry.
Issuance of the Circular on the Abolition, Reduction and Rationalization of Certain Government Funds (hereinafter referred to as the Circular), which states that, with effect from 1 July, the special funds for the restructuring of industrial enterprises, collected from power-generating enterprises, the National Fund for the Construction of Major Hydraulic Works, and the transfer of large and medium-sized reservoirs, shall be eliminated.
This will increase the price of electricity by 1.09 cents and 3.6 pccs, and the demand for electricity will continue to increase in consecutive high-temperature weather since the summer, and this year ' s water dehydration will cause electricity generation to fall short of expectations that the power plant will take on more power.
Profit projections: Net profits are expected to reach $1.914 billion (Yoy-78.29 per cent) in 17 and 18 years, respectively; coal power linkages will affect the company's performance, giving a “possession” advice to shares a and h, waiting for Chinaresearchdept.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.