Magnificent shares (600160.sh) reported year-on-year ratings for 2022, year-on-year performance met expectations for refrigerant plate restoration and growth of polymer plates and fluorinated liquid plates \triangleright
Basic chemical products, fluorinated polymers, and food packaging materials have increased their performance year-round. (1) Basic chemical plates, with a gross profit of 1,470 million yuan in 2022, have increased by 103.04% over the year.
The price difference for the original salt is 753 yuan/tonne, compared to a price difference of only 448 yuan/t in 2021, while the company owns 560,000 tons of ion-devacable capacity (equivalent to approximately 1.7 million tons of ion-line membrane) and fully benefits from the high temperature of the falconite; (2) the fluorine-based polymer plate, with the company achieving a gross profit of 774 million yuan a year, an increase of 65.65 per cent. The company’s fluorinated polymer plate consists mainly of ptfe, pvdf, pvdf, etc.
During the reporting period, the company ' s 10,000-ton/year pvdf phase II (a) and (b) projects have progressed to s010522050001.
100%; according to the data from the Mobil, the huge fape product is offered at $90,000 per ton for high-end cable and $108,000 per ton for model pressure, which is also in the forefront of the industry. The company also has 44,000 tons of high-end fluorinated polymers in construction, currently in progress.
Gross profits of 602 million yuan were realized throughout the year, an increase of 178.81% over the same year. The company’s food packaging material plate consisted mainly of pvdc and its monolithics, the world’s largest company, vdc and pvdc. The company accelerated the industrialization of the pvdc emulsions for the kits and coatings during the reporting period, the expansion of the pvdc emulsions with high barriers, and the expansion of the pvddc milk market for domestic and international coatings and the expansion of the pvdc growth space.
Watch for the restoration of the third generation of refrigerants (hfcs). The company achieved a sales volume of 25,650,000 tonnes of hfcs in 2022, an increase of 4.26 million tonnes in the same year, but the total profit on the refrigerant plates is still 90,000 dryers in the same year. Based on our calculations of the structure of the refrigerant demand, we expect that the stock of hfcs dealers will be below normal water levels in the coming months, and that the distributors will start to replenish the reservoirs; and
In-depth report on the HFC industry: Third Generation refrigerant quotas are available and, according to data monitored by the Ovi cloud network, 9.3 million units were sold in air conditioners in March, an increase of 18.5 per cent over the same period, which will also boost demand for refrigerants in the downstream season, so we look forward to the increase in spot prices for hfcs in the coming months.
The company now owns the hydrofluoroetherd series and the perfluoropolyether jht series, which can be used as an environmentally friendly heat transfer process for thermostatic radiator system; the company's massive core cooling fluid project is designed to produce a product that can be used as a source of energy.
5,000 tonnes/year, one implementation phase of 1,000 tonnes/year, is now operational, and the project products are mainly products such as the jht electronic flow system, the jhlo lube series and the jx leachate cooling fluid, which can be widely applied downstream to meet heat radiation in multiple areas such as semiconductors, data centres, etc. Investment proposal: Third generation refrigerant quota, i.e., excess capacity in industry will be phased out and third generation refrigerant profitability will be repaired
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.