SEAG (002311.sz) Agroforestry and Fishery Feedsii Basics are in the upper cycle and continue to focus on recommendations
By the end of the last few trading days, the Oceanic Group has been able to break the market value of 100 billion and become the fourth market-marketed agricultural enterprise after Winch’s shares, herbs’ shares, and new hopes. We are a big agricultural country, with large markets, but affected by the “small and scattered” traditional East Asian farming model, which has been difficult in the past.
In recent years, the domestic stock market has seen the emergence of hundreds of billions of market-valued enterprises, which are inextricably linked to the acceleration of the industrialization, scale-up and industrial integration of our agricultural sector in recent years. Looking ahead, we believe that the big China Group will not be the last one to have a market of hundreds of millions.
Farming enterprises, we believe that future agricultural listings with a market value of hundreds of millions may appear in the “large market, low concentration, marketability of products, apparent inefficiencies” agricultural sub-sectors, according to which we consider the next agricultural listing with a market value of hundreds of millions to be similar to the top four, and will still be more likely to appear in feed and feed.
In the farming sector, we expect more excellent agricultural and livestock enterprises to do great by using capital markets, while also helping to improve the overall quality of a share of the agricultural sector. We also respectfully ask investors to set aside their bias against the agricultural sector and to take an objective view of our investment opportunities in the process of modernizing our agriculture. China’s agricultural sector has much to offer!
In addition to feed, the company’s future farming and conservation portfolio will also grow. The total market space for these two operations is:
At the trillion-dollar level, the sea had less than 0.2% of the national market for pigs in 2019, and there was much room for growth.
The cycle usually lags behind the life of a pig and features a four-to-five-year cycle. We believe that the year of experience and aquatic feed cycles is the year of their final recovery; and (2) is influenced by this year's heavy rains and high pig prices, the Sea Group: the cycle is back and back and new capacity is released.
The trend in the prices of water products since the beginning of 2020 shows that the prices of herds, bass, squid, eels and squids were higher than in the same period in 2019 and that, with the gradual resumption of catering and the recovery of consumption, the small lobsters, black fish and bullfrogs, the Big China Group: performance in the 2019 and the 1st quarter of 2020 reports
Other low-priced varieties, such as those in the previous period, are on the rise; (4) although affected by the new crown epidemic and storm weather in the last two months, these are short-term factors, and do not change the trend of the cycle.
We believe that in this year’s more volatile macro-environment, companies operate well, grow well, perform with high levels of certainty, and are expected to enjoy valuation premiums just as much as in the case of the consumption of white horses.
Risks from fluctuations in the prices of raw materials, such as fish flour and corn beans. Figure 1: Structures and trends in the historical operating income of the big group (millions) Figure 2: trends in the historical net profit return of the big group (millions)
Figure 3: Historical sales of water and livestock from SEAG, Figure 4: Market share of water and livestock from SEAG, Figure 5: Industry ranking of top 22 companies in 2019 (in thousands)
Figure 6: Market share of top 22 firms ranked as industry in 2019
Figure 17: Dolphin Pond Head Price 2019-2020 Figure 18: Guangdong Pond Head Price 2019-2020 Figure 19: Guangdong Pond Head Price 2019-2020
Figure 20: Top price of yellow mackerel ponds 2019-2020 Figure 21: Top price of shrimp ponds everywhere 2019-2020 Figure 22: Top price of delta ponds 2019-2020
Figure 23: Top price of quartz ponds, 2019-2020 Summary of forecast and valuation data in financial statements