Mid-2022: q2 net profit margin improvement, promising to continue to benefit from pig prices, agro-forest fisheries and fodder.
The same-year growth was evident in Camp 2022q2, with a narrow reduction in the same-year net return. 2022h1 battalion received the same-year sales and related demand for fodder, kinetic security, etc.; 2) 2022h1 maize, beans, etc. s09800520110002
In the second half of the year, China, as the leader of the agro-pastoral industry, is expected to continue to warm. Tons (including farm self-use) grew by about 11% in the same year, accounting for the country’s total industrial feed production in the first half of 2022.
The 52-week maximum/minimum feed/fowl feed/pig feed export volume increased by 17.5 per cent per cent per year, the total feed line was taken, and the over-profit advantage of the higher unit was still evident. In addition, the company increased in the first half of 2022.
Forage operations, investments in production capacity have been made, totalling about 1.7 billion yuan, while eight new feed bases have been established, generating an additional capacity of about 2 million tons, and there are still nearly 30 feed production bases under construction, which will provide a solid basis for achieving a market-incentive target of 40 million tons of equity sales in 2025.
There has been significant progress in the cost of raising pigs, and there has been a complete development of other farming chains, such as ploughs and seedlings.
One billion yuan, an increase of 20.49 per cent over the same period; of this, Aquatic R&D benefits, improved service delivery systems and mature farming programmes provide strong market competitiveness; Animal Pulmonary Physics Protection; Sea Group (002311.sz)-2021 annual report and one-quarter review in 2022:
It is also a service station that makes customers more sticky and achieves better market effects. 2022h1.
The three-quarterly review of the Sea Group - 002311-2021: Acreage phase is a drag on performance, and the core technological advantages are evident and it is expected to continue to develop in synergy with other operations, such as feed, protection, etc. The semi-annual review of the Sea Group - 002311-2021: Acreage advantage is increasing on a quarterly basis, and the medium-term review is expected to continue.
Investment proposal: maintain a “buy-in” rating. The company is expected to become a benchmark for the agricultural sector, with a strong long-term growth of 2022q2 in the same year, with a smaller reduction in the net return to the mother. 2022h1 in the same year from +21.30% to an impact on the company's own pig-breeding business and the related demand for food, kinetics, etc.; 2) 2022h1
The high prices of staples such as maize, beans and soybean produce have increased the cost of raw materials for feed operations. The price of the beneficiary pigs has warmed back, and the net return to the company has fallen by a similar amount to 202,2001, and the ocean is expected to benefit from its performance as a leader in the agro-pastoral sector.
Figure 2: Large groups of oceans and seas, single season operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Large groups of oceans and seas, single season net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
At first sight, in the larger context of the industry, where raw materials have risen and prices of pigs have been generally depressed, companies have been able to achieve a steady expansion in the volume of feed sales, which in the first half of 2022 was about 97.5 million tons (including farmed self-use), an increase of about 11 per cent in the same year, accounting for 7.1 per cent of total national industrial feed production in the first half of 2022, a further increase from 6.4 per cent in 2021.
In addition, in the first half of 2022, the company increased its investment in production capacity, totalling about 1.7 billion yuan, while adding eight feed bases to production.
With an additional capacity of about 2 million tons, close to 30 feed production bases are still under construction, laying the groundwork for a market-incentive target of 40 million tons in 2025. The company’s cost of raising pigs has improved significantly, and profits are expected to benefit from the price of pigs.
In the case of pigs, about 1.6 million head, which corresponds to a net loss on the mother's earnings of about $396 million, a loss on the single head of the net gain of about $230, significant progress in the cost of ploughing together, and the profitability of pig-producing units to industry leaders. The company has continued to focus on pig-breeding capacity-building and home-grown breeding systems, and team management and professional skills have been further enhanced.
In view of the current upturn in pig prices, future corporate farming is expected to benefit from a return to business as a whole, further contributing to the growth of performance.
RMB, an increase of 20.49 per cent over the same period; of this, Aquatic maintenance is based on the company ' s inherent technological, product, research and development advantages in the aquaculture chain, supported by a well-developed service system and mature farming programmes, with strong market competitiveness and excellent market reputations; and livestock conservation products are also captured through the livestock maintenance service station.
The company's seedlings generated revenues of $622 million, of which shrimp seedlings showed outstanding performance, with an increase of 25.67 per cent in the same year and a Māori rate of 55.76 per cent; the company's core technological advantages in the field of aquatic seedlings were evident in the production of Vannabins for the Shrimp Springs 2nd, and the long-fried beads.
With new aquatic varieties in many countries, with global leaders in shrimp seedlings and freshwater seedlings, and leading the way in the construction of a dynamic and integrated commercial seeding system, companies are expected to continue to develop their aquaculture seedling operations in tandem with other operations, such as feed, kinetic protection, etc.
Figure 5: Larger Group Sub-Operations (percentage): Large Group Sub-Operations (percentage): Large Group Sub-Operations (%) pick-up (%) Short-term cost escalation due to expansion of operations, management operations will continue to be optimized. 2022h1 sales/management/management
Target: further expansion of recruitment and incentives, with the cost of equity incentives leading to an increase in management costs, 2022h1 equity incentives amounting to $207 million, an increase of $177 million over the same period; and higher corporate financial costs, due, inter alia, to the increase in the amount of borrowing brought about by the expansion of the company's size.
Increase in rates, take full advantage of medium-level management, ensure rapid intra-firm connectivity, increase market impact and introduce a three-tier R & D system that ensures forward-looking, sustainable export and rapid transformation of technology results, maximizes managerial and R & D efficiency gains through the construction of a four-tier integrated management model for “procurement + R & D + marketing + production”
It is expected that sustained investment will be a central driver of growth in corporate performance. Moreover, the company has developed feed for the next five years, involving a total of 4083 people in incentives, and is expected to fully mobilize team motivation from the top down.
The company is expected to be the subject of an orderly attempt and new business at the table, and the authors ensure that the data used in the report are based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seek to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.