The Big Sea Group (002311: Forage City takes hold, continues to rise, and looks forward to the long-term growth of the company, the Big Sea Group.
The company is a collection of research, development, production and marketing of aquatic feed, a negative increase in the sale of feed, and a further increase in the share of the city. The economic situation at home and abroad in the first half of 2022
In this context, domestic feed production has stagnated in the first half of the year.
Aquatic feed, seedlings, and kinetic products. 4.3% of companies, but with a core competitive advantage accumulated over many years, they achieved 9.15 million tons of exterior feed, which was produced in priority aquaculture areas throughout the country.
The performance of the same year was 9 per cent higher than in the previous year, with a 17 per cent increase in aquatic, poultry and pig feed, respectively, a decline of about 1 percentage point in the feed rate, but we believe that the recovery in consumption in the second half of the year, accompanied by a warming of the prices of pigs and a recovery in consumption during the second half of the year, is expected to continue to improve in the second half of the year, and the demand in the sector is expected to rise in the second half of the year, and public demand in the second half of the year.
The Department’s main feed plate sales and profits are expected to continue to improve. In the long run, we still appreciate the combined cost advantages of company acquisition management, and the company is expected to meet its annual marketing target of 40 million tons in the coming years, and to achieve a sustained increase in city occupancy and pricing.
In the first half of the year, due to low prices and a net loss of $368 million on the farm business, the company lost $368 million on the mother's net profit.
The company’s team management and farming of the farm plate is around RMB/kg. The price of pig production has been rising since June, and it is expected that the second half of the pig production business will lose its profits and continue to operate well.
In 2022h1, the company's aquaculture seedlings continued to lead the business, contributing $612 million, an increase of 20.49 per cent over the same period. The company's aquatic conservation sector, where products and integrated services are maintained, and the livestock conservation service station model, which effectively boosts customer stickyness.
Companies will further expand their size in the future, upgrading and exploring more advantageous service and management models, and contributing more to the marketing and overall profitability of public feed products. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we value the core competition for company-owned feed and supporting business
Thirty-eight, twenty-five, and seventeen times, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Big China Group (002311). The feed market continues to rise, looking at the company's long-term growth, the production of food, the pet foods, and so on.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.