{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00231} Hog farming is improving, and the three bodies are growing.
During the first half of the year, corporate income from core business continued to increase, but profitability was affected by the cycle. Overall, 22h1 companies achieved operating income of 46,326 million yuan, an increase of 21.30 per cent compared to the previous period; and the realization of attribution was achieved.
The Māori rate decreased by 1.27% from the same year, as a result of a significant increase in raw materials and production costs and weak consumption. In pig farming, 22H1 pigs came out by 1.6 million and received 2,659 million yuan. The low cycle of pig production resulted in a loss of $368 million;
Business q2 q2 is a one-month net profit loss of $66 million, which is a significant narrow harvest. As the cycle of pig production is strong, piglets are expected to make a positive contribution to the company’s performance.
During the first half of the year, 9.74 million tons were sold by the company feed owner, an increase of 11 per cent over the same period, of which 9.15 million tons were sold out (8 per cent, 5 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively), an increase of 9 per cent over the same period.
Real estate and 2 million tons of productive capacity, and future production and marketing will lead to a significant increase in the market share. Innovation was underpinned by an investment of $330 million in corporate research and development in the first half of 2022, compared to Peng Hae-lan.
During the first half of the year, the company set up a core group to locate high-end livestock, model products for the next generation of feed, and the product service model is expected to increase further. The cycle improvement is expected to result in a reduction in the marginality of feed materials such as maize and soybeans, and a build-up of the end price increases for prior products.
The “two-wing” business connection companies continue to promote seedlings and to promote the development of the “two-wing” business, building competitiveness in their integrated services around the farming chain.
The company’s seedling operations generated a business income of $622 million in the first half of the year.
In the case of aquaculture, the concept of aquaculture, the growing demand for it, the technological excellence of companies and the ability of integrated services to help enterprises to become better and more competitive. In the case of livestock, the advantages of integrated farming service models are evident, with companies already owning hundreds of service stations and more than 9,000 technical services.
Industry personnel, animal-movement service stations, to improve the performance of their clients, will be a powerful tool for improving the resilience of their clients. Corporate mobility and conservation is a high-quality indicator of integrated domestic farming services.
The group’s members, who are from the top agricultural institutions in the country, have developed more extensive research experience in large commodities, and have a rich industrial investment background in areas such as livestock farming, breeding, etc. The study of the agro-forestry and fishing industry covers such priority sectors as livestock farming, seeding, pets, and food and oil feed.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report are, unless otherwise indicated, Chinese securities. No material, contents or copies of this report may be made available to any other person without prior written authorization from China.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.