The single-season net profit has been reduced by a narrow margin, and feed operations have expanded in reverse.
During the first half of the year, the net profit ring was reduced by a smaller margin. The company’s income grew steadily in the first half of the year, and the net profit was under pressure, mainly by: 1) the cost of feed rose in the first half of the year, the production of feed was running, and the production of pigs was lost by the mother at a net profit loss of 368 million yuan.
The company achieved a profit of 1,287 million yuan, compared to 14.82 per cent, and the main line is that the incentive costs of employees are amortized and amortized, compared to the reverse growth in the feed business, which improves profits over time. The rise in feed costs of 2022h1 and low pig prices have led to lower demand for downstream feed, a national industrial feed production of 4.3 per cent compared to 4.3 per cent, and a tight market capacity.
The company actively optimized its production and utilization in the face of intense industrial competition, invested about 1.7 billion yuan in feed operations in the first half of the year, eight feed bases were officially operational, increased production capacity by about 2 million tons, and during the first half of the year 9.74 million tons of feed were sold (year-on-year +10.56 per cent), about the full of the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the export of aquatic feed was equal to +17%, the export of avian feed was equal to +5%, and the export of pig feed was equal to +8%. In recent times, the profits of downstream pigs and poultry farming have improved, and the pressure of the feed business has improved.
The demand for feed in the industry is expected to recover, and the company is expected to gain further market access with its own “feeds, seedlings and kinetic security” as a combination of better integrated farming technology services and superior product capacity.
In the second half of the year, the prices of pigs are expected to be high, and the profits of farming operations are expected to increase. The 2022h1 company, with about 1.6 million meat pigs, has achieved a net return to the mother of $368 million; q1 of them, with a significantly narrower loss ring, has significantly improved profitability. In the second half of 2021, pig production was concentrated.
In addition, the company’s own breeding system has steadily advanced, and it is expected to increase farm productivity and reduce farm costs, and it is expected that in the second half of the year the pig-breeding business will lose its profits and help the company achieve higher levels of performance.
Domestic feed poles, diversified industrial chains, create barriers. Given that the company’s core main business feed business has improved its profitability, the farm business is better, and the company’s performance elasticity is expected to continue to be released.