SEAG (002311.sz) 2022h1 feed mains have expanded steadily, and 2022q2 performances have improved markedly.
Rudorie has shrunk a lot. The size of the company's feed mains sales, the combined competitiveness of the products have grown steadily, the competitive advantage has been consolidated, and the future of the company continues to see a steady expansion in the volume of sales, which has grown at an average rate of 11 per cent, compared to a 4.3 per cent decline in total industrial feed production in the country.
The competitive advantage is further highlighted. 2) Corporate governance continues to be optimized, and while short-term employee costs and financial cost expenditures have increased, the corporate workforce has become more robust, laying the foundation for a market-incentive target of 40 million tons of equity sales in 2025, with the prospect of an uncontrollable rise in the price of raw materials in the future. 4) Investment proposal: In the short term, the market for company feed has a wide margin of growth and new life.
In the long run, the company’s management is well placed to focus on the 10 trillion-dollar market from the field to the table, with an orderly trial and new arrangement, and the company is expected to become a landmark in the farming industry. Some pig farming operations and related marketing needs such as feed, insurance, etc. have an impact; and (2) 2022h1 maize, beans and soybean prices for large-scale agricultural products.
The cost of raw materials in the feed business increased as a result of the high-placed run-up; 3) the company increased its spending on staff costs and financial costs, further expanding its recruitment of talent and incentives by targeting 40 million tons of feed sales in 2025, and the cost of equity incentives led to an increase in management costs; and the company ' s financial costs rose faster, owing to, inter alia, the increase in the amount of money borrowed as a result of the expansion of the company ' s size.
The market for fodder products has expanded steadily, and the business of pig-breeding has gradually improved. In the feed business, the company has steadily expanded its feed sales to 2022, against a backdrop of rising raw materials and an overall low price of pigs.
Half-yearly forage sales of about 9,750 tons (including farm self-use), an increase of about 11% over the same year, accounting for 7.1% of total national industrial feed production in the first half of 2022, and a further significant increase over the 6.4% occupancy rate in the year 2021. Companies focus on improving organizational management efficiency, making full use of the central management advantage, by developing a four-tier management model of “procurement plus R & D plus marketing plus production”, ensuring rapid intra-firm linkages, increasing market impact and promoting tertiary R & D.
To ensure forward-looking, sustainable export and rapid transformation of technology and to promote management and efficiency in R & D, the competitiveness of products continued to improve in the first half of 2022, and the cost of raw materials was effectively controlled by the industry-led procurement system for large traditional products, with the advantage of excess profits maintained. With regard to pig farming, the company ' s own self-sufficiency costs are generally on a declining path, and it is expected that in 2022 it will continue to purchase pig prices as a result of foreign purchases.
In addition, with regard to seedlings and insurance operations, companies continue to increase their input and distribution of farming services, the system of services has been further improved, and the profitability of the family and the customer's resilience have been effectively improved.
At the operational level, companies allow small internal cost offenders to test and, once successful, with good incentives, the company will quickly and successfully open new areas, as demonstrated by the expansion of its business history.
This shows that companies have evolved proactively to break the existing business balance by reducing their own entropy, thereby maintaining organizational dynamism and maintaining a constant source of dynamism. On the industry side, the company’s operations correspond to a trillion-billion-dollar market in agriculture, from the field to the table, with wide market space.
Investment proposals: Continue to focus on the short term, where there is scope for an increase in the share of the company's feed market, and where new pig farming projects are expected to yield substantial profits after the cycle turns. In the long run, corporate management is well placed to focus on a billion-dollar market from the field to the dining table, on the basis of a stable industry.
In view of the uncontrollable death of pigs in 2022-2023, and the uncontrollable cost pressures of rising prices of food raw materials, the China Group (002311.sz) 2021 and the first quarterly reviews of 2022: short-term performance pressure, pig and feed margin improvement are expected to be significant.
The Global Group - 002311-2020 Annual Report Review: A full range of operations, entropy-degradation-driven growth - Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author