The Sini Mountain Signals are all over the world, and the Great Sea Group (002311.sz) is processing feed.
Performance is on the upswing cycle and is expected to improve further in the third quarter, 9.74 million tons of domestic livestock consumption, an increase of about 11 per cent over the same period, with external sales of 9.15 million tons, and market data: 29 August 2022
Point. The main reason for the decline in the Māori rate in comparison to the previous year was the substantial increase in the price of raw materials upstream and the market value of downstream pig circulationa (billions): the poor profitability of poultry farming.
The price of raw materials such as wheat, beans, etc. increased considerably in the first half of the year, putting greater cost pressure on the feed industry as a whole and on downstream farming. The Māori rate for the company’s feed business in the first half of the year was consistent with the decline in the comparison with the industry’s trend.
Small and medium-sized feeders with R & D advantages face greater cost pressures or accelerate the process of industrial integration. Bottom-up market share expansion is the main driver of head-entrepreneur growth.
In the first half of the year 2022, the company grew by 8% on a year-on-year basis, higher than the industry ' s increase of -6.8%, and in the first half of the year, higher than in the first half of the year.
Chen Jinzhi grew by 5 per cent over the same period, with domestic production of egg and meat products increasing by -4 per cent and feed sales by 17 per cent over the same period, 4.1 percentage points less than 21.1 per cent of the industries, with a special rate of increase.
Aquatic feed (shrimp crabs and high-end fish) sales have increased by 21 per cent over the same period. Companies have increased their sales of aquatic feed at a slower rate than industry or are associated with some of the feed-breeding enterprises this year increasing the layout of the water (more in the area of popular water). We believe that aquaculture and poultry farming have developed more industrially.
The difference is that the development and production of aquatic feed takes longer to accumulate and sink. Similar scenes occurred around 2019, when there was a substantial contraction in the pig feed industry as a result of the African pigpest, and some pig feed companies also increased the layout of the aquatic material, and finally because of the product development base.
Weakness and demand for pig feed have recovered and have not been sustained in aquatic materials. A historical review shows that “focus” and “professional” in aquatic materials are the competitive advantages of the sea, that environmental changes in the short term remain unchanged, that companies have a long-term competitive advantage, and that time is the best testimony to the strength of their products.
\triangleright billions of dollars, of which shrimp seedling revenues grew by 25.67% over the same period, and the Māori rate reached 55.76%. The company has developed new aquatic varieties in several countries, such as the Navarina Shrimp 2 and the Longbeads, and has built up breeding.
At the same time, in the first half of the year, the company managed to raise $612 million, an increase of 20.49 per cent. The net profit was $368 million. Although the company made significant progress in raising pigs in the first half of the year.
We suggest that the main logic of the big group is that: (1) from quarterly performance to \triangleright performance is also expected to go back into the upswing cycle: (2) from upswings in upstream raw materials and downstream farming since this year.
While depression has put pressure on the entire feed in the short term, the relatively poor resilience of SMEs will result in accelerated exit of SMEs and further optimization of the corporate competitive environment; (3) stock options incentive schemes for companies, with broad employee coverage and clear objectives: (4) full acceptance by corporate controllers
\triangleright sales are below expectations, and prices of raw materials, such as fish powder and corn beans, are at a risk of volatility.
The present report is presented in an independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in the present report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or status.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.