The company's review reports that the agro-forestry and livestock industry has seen a negative increase in the volume of feed sales and a significant improvement in the cost of pig production (002311.sz)
Shige Yu Division received 46,326 million yuan, i.e. +21.30 per cent of the total, of which the sale of fodder, the sale of vagabonds and the production of piglets generated operating revenues of approximately 2,659 million yuan, i.e. 12.11 per cent of the total, and the prices of piglets were lower.
This has led to a net profit of $368 million attributable to the stockholders of the listed companies. The company achieved business income of $43,667 million, or +21.91 per cent, after eliminating other businesses in pig farming;
Volume (including consumption of in-house farming) of 9.74 million tonnes, i.e. + 11%, estimated to be 7.13%, i.e., 1.13 pct. 1) ranged from 17% to 17%, and based on excellent product power and seedlings and dynamic double-empowerment, the city accounted for the highest share (estimated to be about 20%); and sales of special aquatic products were equal.
The technology seeks to break through, create differentiated products, provide customized and mature farming programmes, and achieve reverse growth. 3) The amount of pork outgrower sales is equal to +8 per cent, the city accounts for about 3.53 per cent (+0.38 pct), the country’s energy distribution is largely agreed, and the company has set up a maritime core group to locate high-end livestock and build a bottom-up approach.
The feed business is the company’s most central business in the medium and long term, with a sales target of 40 million tons in 2025. In addition, the company’s seedlings, the maintenance of a fast-growing business, the doubling of 22H1 pigs, and a significant improvement in the cost of integrated farming for 2022H1 pigs.
About 1.6 million heads in the column, doubling the year-to-year ratio; income of 2,659 million yuan, net profit from mother-to-mother-368 million in building and own-planting systems, building up feed-end research and development and size advantages, company-to-house costs have improved significantly; but they are subject to low-priced H1 hog operations and corporate pig-breeding performance.
As the prices of pigs get warmer, 22h2 companies perform well. Investment suggests that companies be integrated for the feed industry’s flagships, clustering of products, R & D, and services; the company’s feed business is actively moving towards a target of 40 million tons; and the prices of the top-up pigs are gradually improving and rising.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Experience, in-depth study of the pig cycle, sugar cycle, etc., is good at industrial analysis and has solid stock selection skills.