As important as this is, the Elysian race accelerates, and Ely shares 600887, the depths report, the market for soy milk is large, and the multi-species route continues to bloom in 2018.
The new Elysium milk “planting” is on the market, starting with the sale around the Emeralds factory, which gradually spreads to the east of China, and covers the first city by spring. The soybean milk industry is expected to reach 10 billion in size next year, and the soy milk will be 1.5 billion in size. Standardly packaged soy milk addresses the short shelf life of traditional soy milk.
In 2017, the dairy industry was over-expected, and the space is far from optimal.
The rise of the middle class in downstream consumer markets and the emergence of a new generation of consumer power have led to profound structural changes in the consumer population, which have contributed to higher demand for dairy products, and to a drive for urbanization.
The core of Eli's competition is clear, its channel penetration is increasing, and it is capable of continuing to accelerate. The company's channel is further sinking, with a penetration rate of 88.2%, and a strong channel penetration is effective to boost output.
The efficiency of the upgrade is also the basis for future platform-type companies. Eli’s excellent managerial skills guarantee stability of operations, marketing team incentives are in place, and team loss rates are low, which is fundamental to the future expansion and expansion, and Eli’s 2018 should be much more than expected.
The business sectors are over-expected growth, and the product structure is accelerating. The company’s high-end output continues to grow by 20% and more than 40%, respectively, in gold and Ammush.
With the expansion of the market, there is already a large single product of low-temperature yogurt, and the future growth is no less rapid; milk powder is growing at a faster rate than expected, and the company will accelerate overall, starting in the 18th year, with a 30x valuation, full integration of the international dairy giants, the annual Ely Stock Exchange (600887), with full enjoyment.
2 “Eli shares (600887), research report: first half of the year, “Eli shares (600887), in-depth report: dairy industry”, 2012-12-27.
4- The Eili Stock Exchange (600887), Research Express: Net Interest Rate Savings, The Source of Eastern Financial and Surgery, Eili (600887), which is a matter of importance, how can Eli speed up the flight?
Basic face-to-face delivery: overperformance, re-upgrading of products, driving companies to maintain a steady 1.1 business performance and a strong leader 52,471 million yuan in operating income in the third quarter of 2017, an increase of 13.64 per cent.
Four hundred and thirty-seven million yuan, an increase of 12.47 per cent in the same year, a basic per share gain of 0.81 per cent, a net interest rate of 9.41 per cent, and Roe, which is expected to reach 10 billion in size for the entire soy milk industry next year, and 1.5 billion in the soy milk product series. Overall, after Eli’s business earnings outpaced Monx, the gap gradually widened, with Ely returning to her mother’s net profit in 2015.
At the rate of increase, Ely’s operating income and its net profit growth, although slowed by cost increases in recent years, have never experienced a major upturn or even negative growth. Business income is expected to be 677.91 for the entire year 2017.
Billion yuan, net profit for mothers, $6,438 million. According to current trends, the Elylon head is strong and will continue to grow steadily in the future, and hundreds of billions of dollars are expected to be achieved.
Figure 2: Comparison of the rate of increase in the different breast-milk enterprises
Figure 4: The rate of increase in net profit from mother-to-child milk production, the source of financial growth in the East, Ely shares (600887);
In the first half of 2017, operating income from liquid milk, cold-drinking products and powdered milk products amounted to 99.9 per cent, an increase of 1.9 per cent compared to the end of 2016, and a significant increase in revenues from all three types of operations, with the same income from liquid milk.
The Ministry of Liquid Milk has continued to contribute to the income, but the growth rate has slowed, and its product structure has become more responsive to the needs of rising consumption. According to our research, gold and Ammosh have continued to perform strongly, with growth rates of 20% and more than 40%, respectively, and even more than 50% in some parts of the world.
It is expected that milk powder will continue to rise above expectations in 2018. Eli continues to capture the market share by virtue of his traditional advantage, power suppliers and mother and child channels are bright spots in 2017, and table 1: Status of milk powder registration progress in 2018.
1.3 Innovative performance driven by new and high-end products 7 per cent of revenue from the sale of new products in Erie in the first half of 2017, “Golden Congregation”, “Anmush”, “Long Light”, “Every”
In addition, “joyday”, “gold crown”, “Charlotts” and other priority product series sales revenue increased by almost 31% over the same period the previous year. As the consumer structure of the population continues to grow, there is much room for growth in the high-end products of Ely.
In recent years, the market share of vegetable protein beverages in soft drinks and beans milk, one of which solves the problem of traditional soybean slurries with short shelf life and limited consumption scenarios.
There are now several brands in the market, such as Dolly's bean, Vivi's bottled soy milk, Episode milk, vitamin milk, etc. Under the pre-market culture, there are already a certain number of consumers and a growing range of them, and the introduction or incorporation of new Elysian milk products.
Figure 6: The gold medallion revenue ratio has shown signs of a slowdown in the 1.4 sales cost ratio, and the scale effect has accumulated over recent years and has jumped from 18.5 per cent in 2012 to 23.3 per cent in 2016.
In terms of the breakdown of the cost of sales, the trend in advertising rates and sales rates has been broadly consistent, rising from 8.9 per cent in 2012 to 12.8 per cent in 2016, with a significant increase; there has been a slow upward trend in the cost of employees, with the source of financial prosperity in the East
The company has invested a great deal of human and material resources in advertising its products in recent years.
When a product is widely recognized by consumers, the cost of selling it will be reduced, i.e., less marketing costs will create more.
Operating income. Due to the company’s growing abundance of goods and the introduction of new products in recent years, it is expected that there will still be high marketing costs in the future, but that the level of cost will be stabilized and that the future scale effect will make the costs more efficient as the high-end categories develop in isolation.
Supply-side concentration in the dairy industry is expected to increase further + demand-side growth
Policy orientation and environmental regulation have led to an increase in the scale of the dairy industry in China. Vertically, the share of livestock growing on more than 100 scales has accelerated, rising from 10% in 2000 to 52% in 2016.
Figure 9: Accelerated increase in the share of farms above 100; Figure 10: Accelerated acceleration of large-scale farming and changes in the structure of rangelands above 100, notably 1,000
The proportion of pastures of the above size has increased considerably and is expected to become the dominant force in cattle farming in the future.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity Ely shares (600887).
Horizontally, cow farming is among the highest in animal husbandry, although it is lower than meat and eggs, but in terms of the mechanization of the entire industry chain, the integration of one or two industries, the contribution of science and technology and the demonstration and leadership role, it is expected that it will lead the way in modernizing and leading agriculture.
Figure 12: Scale of different livestock farming rates as the current scale of farming progresses, inefficient pastures are cleared, and large pastures are more productive, making the original milk price manageable
The system is within a certain range and avoids large increases; at the same time, it can be regulated in a uniform manner, with a fundamental control of the quality of milk and improved safety of dairy products, providing a reliable basis for the sustainable development of the dairy industry, which is expected to increase significantly in quantity and quality in the future to meet the needs of consumers.
2.2 Maintenance of high production costs pushes up concentration in the industry, and the market share of tap milk companies continues to expand by 2.2.1 original milk prices are higher than the global prices, but there is no continuing incentive to increase. In recent years, the price of fodder such as maize and soybeans has remained high, and there is no doubt that this is an important component of the cost of large rangelands.
The cost pressure on the dairy industry has kept the original milk price high. Figure 13: Cost of rangelands of scale constitutes a source of financial prosperity in the East
At present, however, the original milk in the international market is in excess of capacity and supply is greater than demand, and because of the combined domestic and foreign price of the original milk, it is not expected to increase significantly in the future and at a manageable cost.
As a result of the supply-side reforms and the strengthening of environmental protection, the cost of sewage and production in paper-based enterprises has increased, forcing small and medium-sized paper companies to shut down or restructure their production. In addition, the new production capacity in the paper industry has declined year after year in recent years, resulting in a reduction in paper banks, a decline in supplies and a sharp rise in the price of paper and paper packages since November 2016, 2017.
In November, as a result of the fall in the price of scrap paper and the fall in the demand for the completion of two- or eleven-business supplies, the price of titanium paper fell, but the price of titanium paper rebounded slightly in the fourth quarter, and remained stable after a small decline in 2018.
Figure 14: Trends in China ' s Vulcan Paper Price Index 2.2.3 Production firms are declining and concentration is accelerating, with SMEs having weak bargaining power and rising production costs crowding out their profits, with smaller sizes and difficulties
As profits continue to grow, it is expected that future industries will become more integrated, SMEs will be out of business, and industry clusters will rise even further. The number of dairy companies across the country has experienced an upward and downward trend between 2004 and 2016, which is expected to continue as output moves forward.
More powerful, able to be proactive in trade shuffling, leading firms are expected to take up more market shares in the future.
2.3 The demand is far from optimal, and there is a huge space for innovation and growth in the dairy industry. Dairy products are not essential consumer goods. Consumers’ consumption structures are rising, demand for dairy products is increasing, and there is much room for growth in the future, as the demographic structure of the population changes, the dietary structure changes and urbanization progresses.
2.3.1 Changes in the structure of the population contribute to the increase in dairy consumption
The expansion of the population has led to an increase in the total demand for dairy products, especially among newborns, which will lead to the development of the dairy industry.
From the point of view of its content, China's entry into an ageing society is already indisputable, and the proportion of older persons over 65 years of age has continued to rise, reaching more than 10% by 2015.
From 2016 onwards, the proportion of health-care consumption devoted to older persons to non-old-age health consumption rose from its lowest value in March 2016 — less than 0.5 to 0.8 in August 2017. According to the trend towards ageing, as the concept of health becomes more popular, it is foreseeable that the elderly will be older in healthy consumption.
Dairy products, as representatives of healthy foods, will undoubtedly be the target of consumption for the elderly, and the future demand space will be opened further. Figure 17: China’s population aged 65 and over and their share
Second, the middle class is rising. The report published by the Boston Advisory and Ali Institute, New Trends in Consumer Consumption in China: Three Dynamics Shaping China’s New Consumption Constellation, shows that the middle class is growing rapidly, with 2.1 million households and 300,000 households that can be invested, reaching 3.4 million households and 500,000 households in 2021, respectively, in both income groups.
Figure 18: The number of Chinese middle-class people (billions) is rising, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East is the third, after 80, and after 90, the main force for future consumption, with the current consumer population of 18-35 years of age accounting for China's towns and cities.
Figure 19: Young people become a new consumer power. Consumption by both groups of people is characterized by a greater emphasis on quality, personality and user experience, with lower price sensitivity, and dairy products as “luxury” in the food structure, with an increasing trend towards diversification and individualization, which is expected
2.3.2 The drive to urbanize has sunk, driving the expansion of urban consumption on three or four fronts. Differences in the level of economic development have led to the growth of dairy production between cities, between cities and between cities, and the consumption of dairy products by residents.
There is an imbalance. As urbanization progresses, the income levels of the three-line urban and rural population rises and the milk industry as a whole expands rapidly in recent years, and strong-channel enterprises have a clear edge on the three-line line, with fewer competitions leading to promotions, smaller than first-line cities, higher product structures in the future, and four-line cities becoming central to future growth points.
Figure 20: Urbanization is rising, according to Nelson zero studies, and the volume of liquid milk retailing in urban and rural areas increased over the same period in the first half of the year.
9%. With the acceleration of the urbanization process and the further increase in income levels in three or four-line cities in the future, coupled with the deepening of the market-to-consumer growth after farming, if the per capita consumption of liquid milk in three or four-line cities reached 31kg per capita in three or four-line cities, the per capita consumption of liquid milk in rural areas reached 16 kg per capita in three or four-line cities, the average rate of consumption of liquid milk in three or four-line cities will be as follows:
In comparison with the retail prices of yogurt and milk in 2016 of $14/kg and $11/l, respectively, and 21 per cent versus 79 per cent of consumption, demand for liquid milk markets is expected to grow by 150 billion, compared to 40 per cent in 2016.
3.1 Channels reach the township level, covering the village level comprehensively in two years, and the current fast-disposal industry has become an important measure of the firm’s core competitiveness.
It shows that in the Chinese market, Eli is the most fast-consumption brand that consumers have chosen, and has been the first in a row for the second year in a row, with 1,141 million Chinese consumers buying their products in 2016, with an average of 7.8 annual purchases by consumers, and a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Brand penetration is 88.2% higher than Monx 1.4 percentage points. The market penetration rate for Ili constant-temperature liquid milk is 78.5%, an increase of 1.3 percentage points from the previous year. Nelson zero research data shows that the amount of infant and child formula milk distributed through the company increased by 35.9% over the same period in the previous year.
In terms of offline access, by the end of 2016, the number of direct-controlled village sites had reached 34.2 million, more than double the number of 110,000 in 2015. To date, Eli has more than 5 million offline sites throughout the country.
Nielson zero research data show that underline real retail outlets, between January and June 2017, the volume of liquid milk and infant milk formulas increased by 7.3 per cent and 9.4 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year, significantly faster than that of the same period, with convenience stores showing a similar rate of 13.2 per cent for liquid milk, which increased significantly faster than for other entities.
In the first half of 2017, the market for liquid milk grew by 5 to 10%, well above the overall growth of the industry; Elli, with its strong penetration, grew by more than 20% at the county level, above the overall growth of the company. In the rural market, the market for liquid milk in the countryside, the market grew by 5 to 10% more than the industry as a whole.
In 2010, Eli set up an online flagship shop to sell on various power platforms.
E-commerce marketing models are well developed. With the spread of micro-letters, in 2014 Eli opened the "Official Flagship Shop of Ely" and officially opened the micro-letter sales channel, which is a re-exploitation of the platform on the line following electricity operators such as Skycat and Kyoutong, increasing the stickyness of Eli's brand. According to the Irey Electric Data Platform, liquid dairy b2c in 2016 was tested.
As a result, Eli has been able to move from the line to the line, from point to point, from the town to the countryside, and is still expanding to adapt to market changes. With its powerful penetration power, Eli has seized the market’s share.
3.2 The Eli product structure optimizes consumption to become more sticky. In recent years, Ely has been expanding its business sector and upgrading its product structure while expanding its size.
In recent years, the Department of Innovation, located in Shanghai, has created four major businesses: the Ministry of Liquid Milk, the Department of Low-temperature-Acid Milk, the Ministry of Milk and the Ministry of Cold-Drinking, and has developed a number of new products to demonstrate the importance that Eli attaches to the structural upgrading of products. In 2016, Erie ' s income was 22.7%, an increase of about 7% in the same year.
Much of the income from the sale of priority products such as Mussy, Light, Gold Crown, Quasi Leeds, Rare, etc. was 49%, an increase of 3.2% from the same year, and product innovation was the driving force behind Eli’s growth. At present, the Iri class has grown from low-end to high-end over 1,000 species, facing different income levels, gender, age, and preferred consumption groups.
Earlier, the single product structure was no longer adequate to the growing demands of consumers, so the product-structure optimization strategy first adapted to the upgrading of the consumption structure. Over the past three years, the market for dairy products has been heavily marketed, with pressure on large parcels of powdering and production on the other hand.
Eli is already conscious of increasing research and development on innovative products, and on the basis of existing brand power, it is possible to build consumer trust and loyalty to the brand by meeting the needs of the consumer through the enrichment and upgrading of the product. This trust and loyalty, on the one hand, can create consumer consumption glue to the brand.
Sex, reducing consumer sensitivity to product prices, on the one hand, can increase barriers to entry into the dairy industry, i.e. if potential entrants want to compete, it must reverse consumer trust in the Ili brand and overcome the impact of the unique claims of the Ili product, often at a very high cost, thereby reducing to some extent the cost of such efforts.
3.3 The market for soy milk is a big one, the future branding of bean milk commodities is a trend, and Eli is bound to share a piece of the new soy milk "planting options" in April 2017. The market is generally good.
The demand structure for soft drinks is also changing, carbonated drinks are becoming more depressed, and more nutritious. Plant protein beverages are surging, market shares are rising, and the main business is growing faster than other soft beverages.
Dr. Spring Rain estimates that about 660 million people in China are currently suffering from various levels of lactose intolerantness. Soy milk, as a vegetable protein drink, is of comparable nutritional value and milk, and does not create an unsatisfied consumption experience for those suffering from lactose intolerantness, and is expected to become a substitute for milk in this population in the future, requiring a lot of space.
The national search index for soy milk has shown a trend of increasing volatility since 2011, and consumer interest in soy milk is increasing.
From the point of view of the region, according to the provinces of Guangdong, Beijing, Shanghai, Zhejiang and other economically developed provinces,
The higher cities are also concentrated in the more developed cities in the north.
Figure 25: Age distribution of the soy milk search index for September-2017, based on the above analysis, shows that soy milk is currently relatively low in terms of its geographical penetration and will have a large future. China has a dietary habit of eating soy milk for breakfast, but its consumption is limited by short periods of soy milk preservation and the smell of soybeans is evident.
Through deep processing and packaging upgrades of soy milk, the soybean milk, while maintaining the soybean nutrients, has improved its taste and made it possible for consumers to drink at any time, anywhere and in any place, widening the consumption landscape, most typically in the south-west, where consumers often drink when eating hot pots.
While upgrading to meet consumer demand, as channels widen and sink, as well as the idea of consumer consumption rises, soy milk is expected to bring new opportunities for the development of the dairy industry.
Ely shares (600887), as long as you're on top of it, how does Ely fly faster, vitamin milk?
At present, many brands in the industry have moved into the military soybean industry, such as the Doudous of the Dari Group, the Kowloon Group, the Kowloon Bean, the Vitamin Milk, the old soy milk industry, and the milk of the soybeans into bottled soy milk. Although there are many brands, the bottled soy milk does not yet have a leading brand.
Qualitatively, it is expected that the roll-out of Ilya milk will be the next point of growth. 3.4 Excellence in management is the root cause of the constant self-existion. Corporate management is stable, and senior managers have held a certain share since the market and hold a certain number of shares every other time.
With this incentive, corporate executives are motivated to keep the company in charge and ensure its steady growth. By contrast, Monx and Light experienced a major change in management in 2016, and the company’s first-hand turnover led to instability in the company’s operations.
At the same time, in terms of shareholding, the Monx began to hold management shares in 2012, but only one or two executive directors held shares, and the Eastern financial and intellectual boom and the number of holdings was low; the Light Milk industry started holding shares at senior management level in 2004, but the number of holdings was hardly too high.
Table 7: Comparison of management of the three major dairy companies: Figure 26: Falling overhead rates 4.
Acid milk development + policy dividend benefits the growth of the dairy industry + the expected expansion of the product range 4.1 benefits from an upscaling of consumption and the continued spread of high-end products In the last seven years, the per capita income of rural and urban residents has increased from $5919 and $19109, respectively, to $123,63.
Compared to the increase in per capita income, consumption spending by rural and urban residents has also been rising, with consumption spending by rural and urban residents exceeding 8% and consumption spending by urban residents exceeding 30%.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the east: Figure 27: Disposable income and rate of increase for urban residents: Figure 28: Disposable income and rate of increase for rural residents
As consumption structures rise, the demand for dairy products increases, and the demand for dairy products increases. The golden age of warm white milk is over, the growth of traditional products slows to normal, and the upgrading of the structure of products is the future melody.
The growth in the volume of low-temperature yogurt milk and emulsion beverages is above the industry average. From the growth in the volume of warm white milk (uht products are thick, eccentric) to the high-end white milk, and the high-speed growth in the high-end new products becomes the nuclear impulse for the performance of dairy companies.
Figure 30: Scale and rate of increase of the industry ' s income from the warm yogurt
From January 2016 to June 2017, Eli ' s constant milk penetration increased, with an average penetration rate of 33.42 per cent in the first half of 2017, compared to 9.86 per cent in the first half of 2016, and with the steady decline of the channels, the products at the end of Eli ' s path will continue to flow into the market, with the next consumption escalation and the high end of the product remaining intact.
The East's financial and intellectual boom, Ely shares (600887).
4.2 The cryogenic yoghurt is still in the demand-growing phase, and Eli is waiting for industrial blasts to grow at a slightly higher rate than the cold chain, with a promising rise in the consumption of a low-temperature yoghurt per capita, with great potential for future growth, good milk nutrition and taste, coupled with a gastrointestinal adjustment effect that is well recognized and favoured by a wide range of consumers.
According to China’s Industry Research Network, China’s market for low-temperature yogurt in 2016 reached 29.540 billion yuan, an increase of 18% compared to 25.3 billion yuan in 2015. By comparison, China’s consumption of yogurt is likely to increase significantly in the future.
In developed countries, but there is a tendency to narrow the gap. As channels sink, the rise in yogurt consumption per capita is a natural trend, and there is expected to be more room for growth in the low-temperature yogurt sector.
4.2.2 The rapid development of cold-chain transport and the development of low-temperature dairy products are fundamental guarantees Low-temperature-acid milk is very demanding for transport and preservation because of its short shelf life and its need to store at low-temperature temperatures The laying and perfecting of cold-chains is critical to the territorial expansion of the sale of low-temperature-acid milk and contributes to the market for low-temperature-acid milk
According to the Forecasts and Prospects Analysis of the Development of Cold Chain Logistics, published by the Vision Network, the demand for the country ' s cold chain logistics market in 2016 amounted to 22 billion yuan, an increase of 22.3 per cent over the same period, and for the period 2003-2016, the capr was 14.2 per cent, and the market demand for the cold chain logistics sector is expected to reach 500 billion yuan by 2020.
In terms of market size, the country ' s cold-chain logistics market reached 162 million tons in 2016 and has grown by more than 20% annually since 2012. With the introduction of the New Food Safety Act, the country ' s regulation of upstream and downstream food safety will be tightened and the cold-chain logistics will be further developed.
Figure 33: Size of our cold-chain logistics market, 2012-2016. According to the China-China cold-chain committee, in 2016, the country added 3.05 million tons of new cold-chains, bringing the total to 4,0.15 million tons, compared with 10,000, an increase of 23.6 per cent compared to 2015, with an estimated 150,000 in 2018.
The national cold chain transport industry will grow faster, providing good conditions and a basis for the development of low-temperature yogurt milk. 4.2.3 Eli focuses on the development of low-temperature yogurt dairy products, keeping pace with the market, and expects the industry to break out, and Eli will cover the cold chain management of various links, including warehousing, refrigeration transport, transit storage, distribution of cold chains, etc.
From factory to customer, each link ensures that the product remains in a low temperature of 2°C-6°C. Over the years, the Ilyate Dairy Department has been increasing its “three-cold” construction, i.e., retrofitting of the refrigerated vehicle, construction of the dealer's freezer, and placement of the terminal cold cooler, which has led to the establishment of a visualized whole-way cold-chain logistics system in the country.
A favourable guarantee is provided, while providing the basis for the future expansion of the cryogenic yogurts business.
In product R & D, Eli keeps pushing for new ways to capture the gaps in the market for cryogenic yoghurt. Elifung, as a leading brand in the low-temperature-probable-acid yoghurt industry, led the nation-wide market for low-temperature-temperature-organic-acid yoghurt, which was launched in 2015 and “Yes” in early 2017, following the introduction of the first low-temperature-probator-organic-acid yoghurt.
In January 2017, Eli's heavy pound introduced the Paratios-type yogurt, targeting high-end populations.
In February 2017, Eli introduced a “brown charcoal burn” of fermented milk, which in yogurt products has a significant proportion of faithful consumption because of its unique fragrance. Table 8: Eli's low-temperature yogurt products
From January 2016 to June 2017, Ely ' s market share in the low-temperature yogurt industry increased in volatility (e.g., figure) by 2017, according to Nelson Zero.
The average monthly market share for the first half of the year was 16.56 per cent, an increase of 1.9 per cent compared to the same period last year, with the introduction of high-end new products, it is expected that the market share for the Elie cryogenic yoghurt will increase further.
Figure 36: Ely's market share of the low-temperature yogurt milk market accelerated construction of 4.3 milk powder lines, expected to continue to exceed expectations in 2018, with the share of domestically produced milk powder accelerated in 2017 against the backdrop of tighter regulation of 4.3.1
The data show that in 2016, 98.7% of infants and young children were tested for milk, and that the country's food tests were successful during the same period.
The ratio of total milk powder imports to total milk powder consumption from 2008 to the first half of 2017 has gone through a process of first increasing volatility and decreasing volatility, which has meant that consumer confidence in home-grown milk powder has increased.
In November of this year, the first infant and young child formula powder forum was held in Shijia, reflecting the importance that the state and companies attach to the milk powder industry. In the context of quality improvement and policy support, the national milk powder will gradually become available.
4.3.2 The milk powdering industry is ready to wash cards, the second-child policy is expanding market demand The milk powder registration system landed on 1 January 2018. Industry concentration will continue to rise in 2018. Total formulations are expected to remain above 500, giving a 25% share of the market and $30 billion.
The fertility rate of the second child is close to that of the first child, increasing from year to year. The last wave of infants entered the reproductive period between 1985 and 1990, and the number of pregnant women growing from year to year, together with the persistently low rate of breastfeeding in recent years, fell to 27.8 per cent in 2014, below the world average of 38 per cent.
Figure 38: Birth rate rising, Figure 39: Year-on-year increase in second-child fertility, source of financial prosperity in the East
Figures on the size of the infant and child milk market show that the number of newborns in 2016 increased by 7.6 per cent over the previous year, with an estimated additional population of 2000-22 million per year during the 13th and 13th century, which will add 100,000 tons of milk powder.
However, the trend has not changed in the last five years, and the increase in the number of newborns is likely to result. In the case of supply at the end of production and demand at the end of demand, it is expected that the milk companies left behind after the trade shuffle will benefit from the new market for milk powder, and that Eli's milk powder will perform well, or become the next point of growth.
Eli's brands are relatively clear, and there are gold crowns, Eli, Topher and four brands of milk powder for infants and children, and families, in principle, can apply for 12 formulation series and 36 product formulations according to the New Deal for Milk. Of the first lists to be registered for approval, Eli has obtained two formulation series and six product formulations.
Between 2016 and the first half of 2017, Ely’s share in the infant and child milk market rose steadily, and in 2017, the East’s financial and intellectual booms grew.
Erie shares (600887), where weight is high, the Elysium speeds up. Figure 41: Revenue from the Ilya milk industry and its growth rate. Figure 42: Market share of Ilya baby milk powder.
4.4 The platform ' s Healthy Food Company ' s vision of Ely ' s development, and Nestlé in China ' s growing interest in opportunities for cooperation in the field of healthy food, which is a much larger future for the company. This means that Ely ' s future direction of development will not be limited to milk, but will probably move to other food sectors.
Military. From historical experience, Nestlé, an international food giant, began the dairy industry and, when its dairy business reached a certain scale, opened the way to M & A, which was precisely acquired from the then-Yoyang enterprise, relying on M & As to enrich their products, improve their quality, optimize their structure, and effectively use their channels to take advantage of the market.
In the case of Nestlé, it is expected that Illinois will move towards a platformed development path, timely and accurate M&As, market openings, prospects for a wider growth space, and a rich and prosperous East.
Figure 43: Significant Nestlé Group events Figure 44: Distribution of sales by category in Nestlé, 2016
Figure 45: Nestlé ' s profit margins by category, 2016 5. Profit projections: recommended logic continuously validated, data supporting continuous achievement of Davis doubles
We've been recommending Eli for over a year and a half, and we've experienced changes in the market perspective over time, and we think that Eli still has investment value in his current position. Sales have been reinforced by pre-spring supplies, and data for 2018 will support the logic of Eli's rise. And we've judged that the platform's Ilie is now in place.
Food safety risks; dairy industry policy risks; Madi Dongcheng Food and Beverage Team Internship; Master of Financial Science, Chinese Academy of Fiscal Sciences.
Motae-woo: Intern with the East Hing Food and Beverage Team, Bachelor of Arts in Economic and Trade Management, advanced diplomainacciningandbusiness, the source of financial prosperity in the East
The Master's degree in Finance from the University of Duren, England, and the undergraduate degree from the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.