Second half-yearly review: Increased quarterly losses due to the impact of the epidemic and the return of bargaining rights as a result of the delay in the repair of traffic: 30 August 2022, Shanghai Airport issued the semi-annual report 2022: Total operating income
1.17 billion yuan, corresponding to 35.4 per cent; net profit from withholding of non-repatriation - 1.38 billion yuan; completion of asset reorganization and entry into a new pattern of synergistic development: the company received a certificate in April 2022.
The Department issued an announcement on 23 July that it had completed the disposal of the assets subject to the tender, and that the assets would then be injected into it.
Seafields (groups) hold 56.1% of the shares of listed companies. As soon as the listed companies are reorganised, the listed companies will form a new pattern of co-development of the two airports, Pudong and Rainbow Bridge, further enhancing the synergies of operations and resources and continuously upgrading the Shanghai international aviation hub.
The return of bargaining power begins with the return of flows: below-line business flows are based on the current fight against the epidemic, and during the period of active fighting, the airport industry’s passenger flow leads to a marginal decline in bargaining power, which is expected to return in the course of the future residents’ orderly recovery of their lives and orderly return to the flow.
In the process of recovery, the airport industry as a whole will enter a performance recovery period, with elasticity to be released from rent negotiations with tax-exempters or from the 100-year portal at Shanghai Airport (60009): the return of bargaining rights in the next round of bidding.
Aeronautical hub, sustained recovery of international routes, is the main focus of Shanghai Airport for the next three years, and long-term triangular regional integration development supports long-term corporate development.
As China’s largest air terminal, it is a core indicator of recovery. In the short term, with the damage of the new coronary epidemic, the recovery of jobs in the medium term along with international re-entry and travel recovery, the return of bargaining power is expected to unleash elasticity and long-term benefits from long-term triangular integration.
:: Maintenance of an “enhanced” rating. Events: On the evening of 30 August 2022, Shanghai Airport published its semi-annual report for 2022: gross operating income of $1.17 billion, corresponding to 35.4 per cent; net profit deductions from non-repatriation of mothers recorded - $1.38 billion.
Net profit from non-repatriation - 870 million. The second quarter has been affected by the epidemic, resulting in a sharp decline in operational data. q2 aircraft have taken off and down a total of 16573 sorties, yoy-84.6 per cent; passengers have swallowed a total of 380,000, yoy-96.8 per cent. Figure 4: Monthly passenger throughput at Shanghai airport (in thousands)
Completion of the asset reorganization and entry into a new pattern of synergistic development: in April 2022, the company received from the CSRC " Resumed approval to issue shares to Shanghai International Airport Limited to purchase assets and collect matching funds from Shanghai Airport (group) Limited " , intended to purchase Rainbow Bridge held by Shanghai Airport (group) Limited through the issuance of shares
After the announcement of 23 July that the property had been handed over, Shanghai Airport (the Consortium) held 56.1% of the shares of the listed company. The listed company will also raise $5 billion in equity packages to the Airport Consortium at a price of $39.19 per share.
The company will create a new pattern of co-development of the two airports, Pudong and Rainbow Bridge, further enhancing the synergies between operations and resources, and continuously improving the integrated competitiveness of Shanghai’s international aviation hub. The return of bargaining power begins with the return of traffic: below-line business flows, which are based on the current phase of the fight against the epidemic.
The airport industry is expected to return to its future stage of orderly recovery in the productive life of its residents, as well as in the course of a return to the productive life of its residents. The airport sector will be in the process of overall recovery in terms of passenger flows, individual contributions, and the return of bargaining power in the context of rent negotiations with tax-exempters or the next round of bidding is expected to release flexibility.
As China’s largest air terminal, the core indicator of recovery is the sustained recovery of international routes, which will be the main focus of Shanghai Airport for the next three years, and the development of long-triangular integration supports long-term corporate development.
The return to bargaining power is expected to release elasticity and long-term benefits from long-term triangular development. The “plus” rating is maintained.
The monetary units of the relevant data are the renminbi and the East Wu Securities Company Ltd., which have been accredited by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and are in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.