Shanghai Airport (60009): Severely affected by the epidemic, optimized or diverted international flight control policies
The company is China's three largest international transit hubs, with a billion dollars, a significant increase from the 740 million in the same period last year.
The company was particularly affected by the Shanghai epidemic in the second quarter, and lost assets such as terminal buildings and runways at Pudong Airport in the first quarter of the year, operating management and ground security at Pudong International Airport.
Businesses. Drawing on the best experience of the civil aviation industry at home and abroad, the epidemic has led to a significant reduction in aviation revenues: in the first half of the year, the company earned $574 million in aviation, a 41 per cent decline in the same year, and established a safety management system that takes into account its own safety features.
This is mainly due to the outbreak, which led to a significant drop in aircraft movements at Pudong Airport. In particular, in the second quarter, the country's air traffic was reduced to a level of security policy, risk management, security guarantees, ice points, and the completion of only 121,000 in one season of domestic passenger vomiting, which is equivalent to the percentage of ingestion during the same period last year.
Security promotion, etc.. The company has about one of the perfect full-time innovations (11.12 million in the last year). Because the airport is a heavy asset operation, fixed-cost mechanisms are regulated, transparent internal management is regulated, and efforts are made for the Middle and Foreign Brigades.
An excellent airport reality service experience was actively introduced, with a very low capacity utilization rate in the second quarter leading to a significant increase in the loss. “Ten new services initiatives” to upgrade the uniform of Pudong Airport as a whole
Tax-exempt income continues to decline: corporate tax-exempt income was about $139 million in the first half of the year, a decrease of about $80 million in the same year, of which q2 tax-exempt income was only $22 million in the first quarter, a significant decline from q1.17 million. q2 at Pudong Airport fell by 37% compared to q1, but tax-exempt income fell significantly more than the passenger downside.
We believe that this is mainly due to the severity of the Shanghai epidemic in the second quarter, which led to the closure of the 52-week stock-price zone during the period of the airport duty-free shop, so that companies will not be able to obtain tax-free income for a longer period of time.
In the first six months of the year, the company achieved investment returns of $35 million, a significant decline from $427 million in the same period last year. Both advertising and oil companies were directly affected by the epidemic, with total equity/flowa shares (millions of shares).
In addition, the combined investment contributed $164 million in investment returns over the same period last year, but this year turned to a loss of $55 million. Cost side falls, mainly due to longer depreciation amortization years: the company’s operating costs fell by 7.7% in the first half of the year, mainly because the depreciation amortization costs fell by 22.5% in the same year.
The depreciation amortization of runways, taxiways and aprons has been extended, with a projected reduction in depreciation for the entire year of 2022, with an increase of about $250 million in net profit from the mother throughout the year of $190 million.
The epidemic has led to a sharp decline in tax-exempt income for companies, which is the main cause of the loss. In recent times, our immigration policy has continued to be optimized, including by increasing the flight break-up threshold, shortening the flight break-up cycle, easing the requirements for testing back for nucleic acid, and resuming immigration clearances for some foreigners.
For China’s largest international passenger entrance, it is important to have a position on the tax-free industry chain.
The epidemic and the greater uncertainty of policy, we are careful to maintain the company’s “neutral” rating. The source of financial prosperity in the East, Shanghai Airport (60009): the impact of the epidemic has been severe, and international flight control policies have been optimized or transformed.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Shanghai Airport (60.009): A severe outbreak, optimized or transformed international flight control policy Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of investment research experience, 2015-2018 in the development of wide-ranging securities
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.