The company reports a significant increase in non-profit deductions, an enabling business development - the annual report of Dahua shares (002236.sz) in 2023 and a quarterly review in 2024.
In 2023, the company achieved a steady growth in operating income, with a significant increase in net non-repatriated profitsa total equity (millions of shares): in 2023, the company maintained a business philosophy of fine management and high-quality development to achieve operating income
Market value in circulation (million yuan): 87.39 per cent. Sub-operational panels show that domestic tog operations achieved revenue of $4.333 billion, a year-on-year increase.
Research, development and productization in technological areas such as ai large models, data intelligence, smart computing, cloud computing, software platforms, network communications, network security, innovative business, etc., and the expansion of new growth points in innovative business and software practice areas. In 2023, revenues from software operations from corporate intelligence products and programmes
1.79 billion yuan, an increase of 21.59 per cent, Māori rate of 67.09 per cent; income from innovation; annual report rating: rapid growth of profits and continuous upgrading of R & D inputs
The company builds the 1+1+n algorithm training system, i.e., the algorithm model training plus algorithm incremental training plus algorithms ed.
• Provide round-the-clock expert technical support through training platforms.
In 2023, the company released a large model of the visual model of the industry that integrates multi-module capabilities, which is primarily oriented towards the task of visual analysis, while at the same time sank a set of measures by creating several typical models of the visual model of the industry.
The company is the world’s leading provider of video-centred smartware solutions and operational services.
Business growth space and business continuity, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risks of technological upgrading: business model shift risk: risk of a decline in local fiscal capacity to pay: remittance risk: risk to product security: risk to intellectual property rights: risk to internationalization: supply chain security wind
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.