Continuous optimization of operations, innovation and performance of overseas operations Events: \triangleright by 2023 and first quarter 2024 issued by Dahua shares
Realization of the net profit from non-mortality was 2,962 million yuan, an increase of 87.39 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2024, $681 million was collected, an increase of 2.75 per cent in the same year; the net profit from repatriation was $561 million, an increase of 13.26 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright 2023 generated $26,645 million, an increase of 5.79 per cent, compared with the previous year, in the collection of software operations of $1,797 million, an increase of 21.59 per cent, and in the collection of corporate innovation.
Four hundred and forty-seven million yuan, an increase of 19.20 per cent over the same period. Based on an in-depth understanding of the diversity of client demand and years of accumulation in the confluence of intelligence, the company continues to explore new and emerging business, including innovative business such as machine vision and mobile robots, intelligent life, thermal imaging, automobile electronics and so on, expanding new high growth points for the company.
\triangleright, companies continue to enhance research, development and productization, and deepening in technology areas such as multi-dimensional perception, ai large models, data intelligence, smart computing, cloud computing, software platforms, network communications, network security, innovative business, etc.
In 2023, the company released the Star-Hand model, which was evaluated in mid-2022 by combining multi-model numbers of images, dots, text, voice, etc. 1.
According to the report, there has been a significant increase in the ability to visualize; the company has created a new Institute of Future Communications, underpinned by a system of 3+n integration connectivity around network connectivity technology, the epidemic, the suppression of short-term domestic pressure, and the emergence of overseas configurations.
In 2023, the distribution of marketing and service systems within companies and overseas was designed to provide clients with advice on products and solutions, design, marketing, etc.
By the end of 2023, the National Marketing Centre covered 100% of the provinces, 100% of the municipalities and more than 70% of the districts, with overseas marketing centres with 69 offshore branches and more than 170 spare parts centres/spare parts stations.
Investment proposals: Sensors, cameras, network infrastructure, big data, cloud and ai technologies will be the key and core of aiot, and companies, as champions of R & D platforms, have a huge reservoir of moats in markets, R & D, supply chains, etc., and corporate platforms will continue to show their strength. We expect companies 2024-2026 ps
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.