Back to the growth track, ai injected a new dynamic and gradually returned to the growth track.
After the adjustment, 2q24 started to get back on track, and the income end started to grow. The new consumer electronics class, the company as the manufacturer of industry headlines, is expected to benefit from the industry.
*ai glasses are injected into a new growth dynamic. *ai glasses are built into a powerful large surface or cloud-endai model that transforms the device from a simple information alerter or camera into an active dialogue with the user environment.
An interactive intelligent assistant. The focus has shifted from simply “showing” information to proactive “understanding” and “interactive”, a shift that marks a new intellectualization of the wearing device. From the product of the head manufacturer, Meta's ai glasses are precisely located, making it easier for consumers.
Education. In terms of pricing strategy, Meta has skilfully taken advantage of the high-end awareness that exists at the Ray-ban brand to position the glasses as an acceptable technology upgrade, instead of a premium of US$ 130, which increases the cost of technology (about US$ 130) with other popular technologies.
It's equivalent (e.g. high-end wireless headphones). By anchoring prices on a familiar fashion single item, Meta makes it more like upgrading the properties of a known product, rather than taking the risk of entering an unknown field of technology. This greatly reduces the psychological purchase of mainstream consumers.
The global market for ai smart glasses products with smart voice interactions and visualizations as their main function point grew rapidly in the first half of 2025, with new products coming out. The future will be accompanied by the further maturity of technology such as light waves, microscopic displays, system-level envelopes, and related software applications.
Step-by-step, ai smart glasses and ar-enhanced real-life products are expected to grow rapidly and at the same time lead to the growth of sophisticated zero components such as acoustics, opticals, sensors, structurals, etc., that bring new business growth points for companies.
• Health testing +ai redefines headphones. The combination of stronger soc, more diversified sensors and ai technology is pushing headphones to an unprecedented new altitude, promising them to become the most private personal computing end, and it's huge.
Increases the functionality of smartphones. First, the ear is the ideal location for accurate biocharacterization, allowing steady monitoring of indicators of heart rate, body temperature, etc. Second, it is the most direct channel for transmitting and receiving audio messages, whether voice helpers, system alerts or real-time translations.
In addition, unlike the watch, the headphones provide a immersed, private audio and video experience (via space audio); unlike the cell phone, they can be sustained, unconscious, ai technology and smartphones and smart headphones are increasingly integrated, leading to high-performance sounding.
The growth in market demand for sensors and microphone products is also expected to expand in the future to more smart hardware products that carry the ai and have voice interactive functions, opening up new growth space for Gore's sophisticated zero-component operations and smart acoustic whole-office operations.
Market demand is not as good as expected, product prices are not as good as expected, new products are not being developed, geometry 1 is back on track.
Acoustic whole-office and smart hardware operations are now integrated and competitive in a number of areas. Of these, sophisticated zero-component operations focus on the direction of products such as acoustics, optical, microelectronics, structurals, and the main products include logo speakers/phones, speaker modules, tactile devices (Mada), wireless chargers, antennas, vr/mr
Optical devices and modules, ar-optics, micro-optics, 3d-structured optical modules, arhud modules, mems acoustic sensors, other mems sensors, microsystem modules, precision structures, etc., which are widely applied to smart phones, tablet computers, smart wireless headphones, vr virtual reality, mr mixed reality, ar-plus
In end-products such as hard reality, ai smart glasses, smart wearables, smart homes, car electronics, and so on, smart acoustics are focused on the direction of products related to audio, voice interaction, artificial intelligence, such as tws smart wireless headphones, wired/wireless headphones, smartphones, etc.
Smart hardware operations focus on product orientations related to recreation, smart assistants, sports health, home security, etc. The main products include vr virtual reality products, mr mixed reality products, ar enhanced reality products, ai smart glasses products, smart wearable products, smart home video games and accessories, smart home products, etc.
In addition, companies have been active in expanding opportunities for automobile electronics-related business, and have made positive business progress in subdirectional directions such as sensors, arhud modules, and optical devices. Companies have developed innovative competitive advantages in the areas of acoustics, optical, microelectronics, precision manufacturing, and have a wealth of autonomous intellectual property rights in the field of precision and zero components.
In the area of smart acoustically whole machines and smart hardware, companies have accumulated a wealth of experience in product projects, mainly through “odm” “jdm” models, in collaboration with industry leaders. On track, income ends are starting to grow.
The company, as the manufacturer of the industry’s head, is expected to benefit from industrial trends. The change in the quarterly operating income of Gore’s shares (2018-2025h1) is expected to return to growth as the size of the company’s downstream products increases.
Figure 7 Quarterly profits of companies (2018-2025h1, in millions of dollars) Growth in income size and opportunities for further growth in corporate profitability.
Figure 8 Māori ratio and net interest rate for companies billions of yuan is at a healthier level.
Figure 10 Company inventory (in millions of dollars) 2ai glasses injected into a new growth dynamic
In the face of notable challenges, according to the advisory body, idc, China ' s ar/vr market had about 535,000 shipments throughout the year, just as it had fallen by 26.3 per cent over the same period, the advisory body ' s counterpoint data indicated that global vr head showed a 14 per cent decline in volume in the first half of 2025 due to continued low demand at the consumer level.
There is a temporary disconnect between technological maturity, product patterns, and consumer expectations. Simple vr devices are gradually replaced by mr and ar devices, and almost all mainstream vr manufacturers have integrated high-resolution colour camera viewing (passthrough) features into their new products, turning vr head displays into mr devices, allowing users to make them feelless.
A seamless shift between the world and the real world. According to the advisory body idc, the volume of mr's shipments is expected to increase from 3.3 million in 2025 to more than 15.2 million in 2029, and the expansion reality (er) is expected to increase from 2.2 million to 8.6 million in the same period, with a steady increase in the growth of reality (ar) to 2029.
With its quest series of products, meta is an absolute leader in the consumer vr market, with a market share of about 80% in the first half of 2025. Its success lies in the provision of well-priced, experienced independent vr equipment and phase.
In terms of the rich content ecology, the competition dimension, where pico is the main competitor, htc (vive series) and sony also have an important influence in the field of play. The content has always been an important part of the ar/vr field, and the development of a universal application that goes beyond the entertainment of the crowd is its development.
Strong roots. From current applications: games and entertainment are still the main driving force behind the sale of consumer-grade vr devices. The increase in the number of global game players directly boosts the demand for ar/vr hardware. Vr games like Beat saber and Half-life:alyx show with unprecedented immersion and interaction.
The unique charm of the medium. And the great success of the early anar game, Pokémongo, proves the powerful appeal of integrating digital content into the real world.
Socialization and meta-cosmos: Building a sustainable, shared virtual world (i.e. a meta-cosmos) is the long-term vision of companies like Meta, whose horizonworlds platform is an initial attempt. The current vr socialization experience is generally limited by rigid and interactive content that requires technology such as visual and facial tracking.
As the cost side decreases, the real virtual image is retail and e-commerce: the application of technology in the retail sector is rapidly matured, allowing consumers to buy before it is purchased.
To “place” virtual furniture in their own homes, or to “test” clothing, “test” cosmetics on-line. Not only does it greatly enhance consumer purchasing experience and participation, but it may also reduce the return rate. Media consumption: a core and popular application for the current generation of ar/er glasses.
It's a "accompanied cinema." It creates a huge, private virtual screen for users to watch movies and videos, which greatly enhances the experience of mobile viewing.
The rapid development of the ar furniture on the end of figure 20 has given new impetus to the ar/vr market, where the ai glasses are not only a novel consumer electrical sub-class, but also a key intermediate step towards the next generation of individual computing platforms.
: One end is the capture of equipment with immediate market feasibility at the core of audio interaction and cameras; the other is the full-functional enhancement of reality (ar) glasses that represent the ultimate vision of the industry and are still being explored by technology.
Head, turned into a smart assistant who can interact proactively with the user environment. The focus has shifted from simply “showing” information to proactive “understanding” and “interactive”, a shift that marks a new intellectual phase of wearing a serviceable device.
The current rise of the ai glasses is not a confusion of technical routes, but rather a deliberate market strategy. In the past, attempts such as Google glasses to put in place the aar products have failed because of the battery ' s low continuity, high cost, appearance and ecological presence. Now, the ai glasses, represented by Ray-banmeta, have deliberately removed the most.
Complex, power-intensive ar display module. The subtraction strategy enables it to prioritize the “first-sex” problem: achieving a socially acceptable fashion look, satisfying a full-time battery renewal, and a more pro-people price point.
Chart 23 Google's ali glasses are precisely located and fast-tracked for consumer education. In terms of pricing strategy, Meta has taken advantage of the high-level knowledge already available in the rav-ban brand to position the glasses as an acceptable one.
Consumers have become accustomed to paying a premium of about $170 for the Ray-ban brand, while the cost of the technology (about $130) corresponds to other popular technology components (e.g. high-end wireless headphones). By anchoring prices on a familiar fashion single item, Meta makes the purchase behavior.
It's more like upgrading the properties of known products than taking risks into an unknown field of technology. This dramatically reduces the psychological purchase threshold for mainstream consumers. It's convenient, but not revolutionary.
Power. Real-time translation is a typical example: the use of a cell phone requires an awkward transfer of equipment between two people, while the ai glasses allow dialogue to flow naturally, allowing users to maintain a sense of presence and to obtain a private translation. Similarly, for visually impaired persons, the process of identifying objects with a mobile phone is cumbersome, while the ai glasses simply need to “see” and ask questions.
However, this ability to free hands, and always online, is unmatched by hand-held devices. So, what drives the ai glasses to the mainstream is the applications that create a completely new human interactive paradigm.
Diagram 26 metaray-bandisplay glasses fromweatherforeaststohelpfulinsightoutwhat's privatemessagefromwhatsapp, Messenge, instagramand
I'm sorry, arundyou, askmetaiaquetionandseetheansweronthe yourphonithaquickseesture. in-lensdisplay.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The captionsgeneratedonthedisplay ai technology landing on the side of the terminal will be expected to generate a more abundant pattern of new and emerging smart hardware products and to use the scene, with considerable potential for growth.
Global market size for eyeglass products grew rapidly in the first half of 2025, with new products emerging. The future will be accompanied by the further maturity of technology such as optical wave guidance, micro-shows, system-level envelopes, and the further development of related software applications.
Partners, sophisticated zero-component operations such as acoustics, opticals, sensors, structurals, and whole-of-the-board assembly are expected to benefit from industry trends, bringing new business growth points to companies.
Gore provides vr/mr head display, ar/ai eye one-stop solutions, including id, structure, circuit, software design, and optical.
The optical solution vr/mr optical field, where Nar developed and produced all-rounded lens products such as non-spheric lenses, philosophies, folding light circuits, etc.
In the ar-optic field, Gore has developed and produced mainstream optical products such as birdbat, free curvature, optical wave guidance, and libs, dlp, lcos, micro-led, etc.
Gore provides the vr/mr head, ar/ai glasses acoustic solutions, including lightly high-speaker modules and space audio, apologetic arithmetic arithmetic, ensuring the immersion of sound effects, while reducing sound leaks from open sound, and creating a perfect audio-visual body for users 3 health monitoring +ai redefining headphones 3
The tws headphones market as a whole is relatively stable, and Apple's airpods remain the head of the industry, with about 16.8 million shipments of 2q24, representing about 22% of the world's total, according to the advisory body canalys, and Mi and Hua have increased their market share by a relatively significant increase.
The headphone market shows the continued dynamism of the industry. In the first half of 2024, China’s headphone/earwheat market was sold 51.15 million times, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period, and it has been maintained for six consecutive quarters since the first quarter of 2023.
Figure 31 Chinese market headphone/earphone season sales ows (open to wear stereos) have become the core engine for the current growth of the headphone market. According to Advisory Body idc, China ' s blue-tooth headphone market in 2024 reached 11.53 million, a year-on-year increase.
19.0% longer. Of these, 30.8 million were delivered in the fourth quarter, representing an increase of 20.1% in the same year.
At this stage, the ows headphones are divided into two types of wear: tweezers and tweezers. The tweezers are better suited to the outdoor sports scene with their more robust means of wearing them. Because the sound units are closer to the ears, they leak.
In the first half of the 2024s, ears were sold 53% on the ows market. Ears: the advantage is that they are lighter in weight, more comfortable to wear, more suitable for daily use for long periods of time. At the same time, their design is more decorative in nature and attracts giants such as Hua and Bose.
Chart 33 headset ows headphones, huaweifrearc headphones, dome ash, sky black, field green.
The tws headphones are changing from a passive listening device to an active personal assistant, a health monitor, and an intelligent interactive terminal. The future tws headphones will integrate more sensors and more sophisticated ai algorithms, leading to health monitoring (e.g. heart rate, blood oxygen), real-time precision reversals.
Interpreters, voice content searches, audio-trace recognition payments, etc. Not only greatly enriched the tws headphone application, but also opened up a completely new value growth point for them. Standard series: from wireless convenience to computing audio (airpods 1-4 generations)
Generation 1 (2016) & Generation 2 (2019): These two generations together create and define the tws headphones market. The w1 chip mounted by the early airpods revolutionized the process of matching and connecting to the apple device. The second generation of products released in 2019 was upgraded to the h1 chip, with the first "hey siri" voice awakening function.
The third generation (2021): this generation of products marks the beginning of the decentralization of high-end functions to standard product lines. The third generation of airpods has adopted a completely new contours design and, more importantly, it has previously been limited to pro- and max models.
The "personalized space audio to support dynamic head tracing" feature is introduced into the standard series, which is a key computational audio generation 4 (2024): Generation 4 airpods, released on 20 September 2024, introduced a more robust H2 chip into the standard product line, and apples for the first time provided an optional "active noise reduction" version of the standard model.
An initiative aimed precisely at the mid-end market and indirectly responded to the market currents of ows headphones by providing a product with semi-open design comforts and noise control capabilities. In addition, its charge box size was reduced by more than 10 per cent and turned across to the usb-c interface.
Pro Series: Redefinition of high-end active noise reduction (airpodspro 1 - 2), health integration and the ai revolution (airpodspro 3), released on 30 October of this year. It introduces an in-ear design with multi-sized silicone ear plugs, which is the main mobile device.
The dynamic noise-reduction experience has created a new industry marker and has pioneered the introduction of the “opportunity mode” function. Generation 2 (2022): Aggregators of computing audio capabilities. The second generation of anirpodspro, released on September 8, 2022, was upgraded to a new h2 chip.
More importantly, the performance of the h2 chip unlocks a whole new set of intellectual and audio functions: 1) adapts to audio: real-time, dynamically integrates the main noise reduction and ubiquitous mode according to the noise level of the user ' s environment. 2) Dialogue perception: when users start talking to people, hearing opportunities automatically reduce the sound of the media.
(iii) Personalized volume: learning through machine learning, understanding users' listening preferences, and automatically adjusting the volume over time. Other hardware has also been significantly upgraded, including through the addition of touch-and-touch audio modifier features on the headphone, the addition of Xs-sized earplugs, the inclusion of u1 chips in the charge box to support accurate search, and
The bluetooth version has also been upgraded to 5.3 to gain lower power and more stability. Generation 3 (2025): Airpodspro, the third generation, released in September 2025, marks another major upgrade of Apple in the area of personal audio equipment, bringing headphones from a purely audio component to a body builder.
Multifunctional platforms with integrated monitoring, smart communication, and immersion entertainment. 1) Health monitoring integration: for the first time, a heart rate sensor was integrated to track, in real time, key indicators such as heart rate and calorie consumption during user exercise. Integrating anirpodspro seamlessly into an apple's healthy ecosystem, in conjunction with anapplewatch data, for users
For a more comprehensive view of health. In addition, the introduction of the "Assisted Hearings" model, with automatic dialogue enhancement, has further expanded its application landscape in the area of health support.)ai-driven intelligent communication: third generation products have introduced powerful "real-time translation" functions, using the ai technology to break language barriers. 3) Audiology and design re-engineering
Evolution: Although the design language of the pro series has been extended, the third generation of products has been redesigned from inside to outside to achieve a more solid latency and better acoustic performance. Its active noise mitigation capability has been significantly enhanced, with official claims that it can be reduced up to four times as much as the first pro, twice as much as the second pro, and so on.
Levels have also been upgraded to ip57, providing greater dust-resistant water resistance. A stronger soc, more diversified sensors, and the integration of ai technology are pushing headphones to an unprecedented new altitude, promising them to become the most private personal computing terminals, significantly enhancing the capabilities of smartphones.
First of all, the ear is the ideal location for accurate biocharacterization, which allows for steady monitoring of indicators of heart rate, body temperature, etc. Second, it is the most direct channel for transmitting and receiving audio messages, whether voice helpers, system alerts, or real-time translation, reaching users with the most efficient hearing.
According to industry trends, the rapid and sustained development of ani artificial intelligence technology has given new impetus to the consumer electronics industry. The integration of ai technology with products such as smartphones has deepened, leading to associated high performance acoustics.
The growth in market demand for sensors and mini-speaker products is expected to expand in the future to more smart hardware products that carry the ai with voice-interactive features, opening up new growth space for Gore's sophisticated zero-assembly business and the smart acoustics business.
Chart 37 Gore shares a multi-dimensional capability in acoustics, an excellent industrial design capability with more than 20 years of experience in industrial design, and a number of international awards for design.
An excellent acoustic design with nearly a thousand acoustic research and development teams, more than 20 years of audio research and development experience, and a sound architecture for speakers' lists and smart machines.
Acoustic algorithms with self-adaptation to active cross-telephones near peaks/photo sound pick-up sensor arrays to remove self-adapted volume space.
Arithmetic techniques, such as sound fields, can provide industry-deprived acoustic algorithm solutions. Precision zero component operations: the company’s precision zero component operations focus on products such as acoustics, optical, microelectronics, structurals, etc.
In the end product, as the demand for downstream terminals grows, we believe that corporate business will rise to the height of the ship, so smart acoustics business as a whole: corporate smart acoustics business focuses on the direction of products related to sound technology, voice interaction, artificial intelligence, etc., and the main products include smart wireless headphones, smartphones, etc. The business goes through 2022-
Smart hardware business: The main products of the company ' s smart hardware business include vr virtual reality products, mr hybrid reality products, ar enhanced reality products, ai smart glasses products, smart wearable products, smart home video games and accessories, smart home products, etc., as the major customer ' s ai glasses products grow, and the ar/vr products overlap.
Market demand has fallen short of expectations, product prices have fallen short of expectations, new products have not been developed as expected, and geopolitical implications.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.