The down-winding continues, pump valves accelerate import substitution, the 2019th annual report and the one-quarter review in 2020.
(1) The company issued its annual report for 2019, which generated 54.14 million yuan, or 28.6 per cent of the year; the mother's net profit, which was 1,369 million yuan, or 12.7 per cent of the year; the mother's net profit, which was 347 million yuan, or 6.4 per cent of the year; the excavator tank, which was 2,188 million yuan, or 21 per cent of the year; and the non-flagged tank, which was 1.353 billion yuan.
(2) The downside of q1 ' s performance in 2020 was due to the impact of the domestic epidemic and the delayed demand for engineering and mechanical equipment, which has been fully operational since March. The company ' s current production capacity is at full capacity, orders are hot, and stockings in the downstream sector were added to last February 'cause the company ' s performance base was lower.
We judge that corporate performance will return to high growth as of the second quarter. • The scale effect leads to a gradual increase in profitability and an excellent quality of business. (1) The company ' s Māori ratio of 37.77% (+1.2pct) in 19 is largely due to the scale effect.
42 per cent (+0.8 pct), 35 per cent (+0.03 pct), 37.8 per cent (+8 pct), (+4.1 pct). (2) Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates continued to rise in the first quarter of 2020, Māori rates steadily increasing and increasing the mechanical cycle of engineering, and the epidemic is expected to accelerate the process of company import substitution
100 million yuan and 63 per cent of the same year, the country has increased countercyclical regulation, accelerated capital investment over 20 years, increased demand for renewal and increased demand for replacement labour, and a downward view of engineering machinery.
In addition, the spread of the epidemic abroad raises the risk of overseas supply chains, and the quality, sexuality, etc. of the company’s products are already in a position to import alternatives, and it is hoped to seize the opportunity and achieve rapid import substitution.
Given the persistently high downstream climate and the vast import substitution space in the corporate hydraulics industry, the company’s “buy-in” rating is maintained. Capital investment is not as high as expected, overseas customers are not expanding as expected, and overseas markets are at risk.
During the 10-year period, corporate income increased by 29.3 per cent and net profits increased by 27.4 per cent. The company achieved business income of 5,414 million in 2019, compared to 28.6 per cent in 2019, with a further high rate of innovation, with a 29.3 per cent increase in compound income of 29.3 per cent in 09-19, and a net return profit of 1,296 million yuan in 2019, compared with 54.9 per cent in the same year and 27.4 per cent in 09-19;
In 19 years, q4, the company achieved income of 1.58 billion yuan, i.e. +50.4 per cent, and net profit to the mother of 379 million yuan, i.e. +223.4 per cent, and growth on schedule. 1.369 billion yuan, i.e. 12.7 per cent, was earned in the first quarter of 2020; net profit to the mother of 347 million yuan, i.e., the same amount.
The decline in corporate performance of 6.4% is mainly due to the impact of the domestic epidemic on downstream start-up and investment, the demand for engineering and mechanical equipment, which is fully on the move to the season, and the expected 30% increase in excavator sales in April. At present, the company’s capacity is at a very high level of production, orders are on fire, and it is the reason why the company’s performance base is lower by adding up to its inventory in the downstream sector in the second quarter of last year.
We judge that corporate performance will return to high growth as of the second quarter. In 2019, corporate income sub-products: 485,000, +16.3% of the year, increased income slightly faster than sales, and we judge that the main product structure is a shift in product structure.
Total, as a result of the increase in the share of large- and medium-scale excavations. 2) Non-flood tanks generate 1.353 billion yuan, i.e. +18.3 per cent, or 25 per cent. Non-flix tanks are sold for a full year of 16,580,000, i.e. +18.1 per cent.
The tanks remain the three main plates: in addition, companies have made significant breakthroughs in new and emerging areas, such as new energy. The weight series, whose revenues have increased by +10.55 per cent over the same period, and the marine and marine industries, and other areas, including new energy sources, have experienced rapid growth, with sales revenues of +53.07 per cent/+114.49 per cent over the same period.
From 2015, the dredging valves were supplied in small quantities, and after the 2016-2019 Commissioning cycle, they achieved a large supply of mainstream businesses, with high income growth for the fourth consecutive year. We judge that 2020-2021 will be an important time window for the company’s large pump valves to accelerate the rise in city occupancy and that the company’s pump valves will continue to grow at a rapid rate.
4. 500 million yuan, or 6.9 per cent, in spare parts for tanks; 189 million yuan in hydraulic components and set-up systems, and 1.2 million yuan in tank operations, mainly for excavators, supported by non-flagged tanks, and non-flagged tanks as stabilizers; 3,541 million yuan, or +19.8 per cent, of which 61.8 per cent are excavators, non-favourable.
In addition, the company ' s non-barrelled cylinders were made up of three main plates: the non-flagged series, the shield tank, and the high-end marine oil tank. In addition, the company ' s non-barrel cylinders were made up of light-heated power, offshore wind, etc., and figure 6: The company ' s non-trail tank revenue sub-sectors were formed in 2019.
Figure 5: Digger tanks and non-flagged tanks accounted for 62% and 38% respectively in 2019. Excavator tanks are cyclical, and non-flagged tanks can be volatile for hedge oil tanks and act as stabilizers for tank operations. Digger oil operations are subject to variations in the volume of downstream excavators, with revenues showing a corresponding cyclical nature.
Currently, the company's digger tanks produce 450,000 units per year, while the non-flagged tanks produce 150,000 units per year. The non-flagged tanks are similar to the excavator tanks or have a high degree of overlap in terms of production processes, employee skills, and even downstream customers, which allows for co-production capacity and a more flexible switch. As the non-flagged tank's customer structure diversifys, so does the profitability with the client's superior structure.
Upgraded, the non-scaling tank will effectively hedge against the performance of the tank, raising the company's overall hydraulic pump valve against the tank for four years in a row, raising its income as a percentage of income.
1161 million yuan, or 21.5% of total operating income. The products consist mainly of hydraulic control valves, high-pressure column plugs, pumps, and inline hydraulic pumps produced in Germany. The products have been successfully applied in heavy labour, shielding, test stations, seaworks, machine beds, engineering machinery, etc.
I. Host plants for the country’s leading cadres, such as Xu, ISP and Willows. 2. Profitability has gradually increased, and operating with excellent quality has led to a significant increase in the level of profitability as a result of the 2.1 scale effect
In 2019, the company ' s combined Māori ratio was 37.65% (+1 pct), mainly due to scale effects. Sub-products, 42% (+0.8 pct), 35% (+0.03 pct), 37.8% (+8 pct), 29% (+8 pct) of components and systems, and 28% (-7.8 pct) of accessories.
The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate continued to rise in the first quarter of 2020, with a combined Māori rate of 37.87 per cent (+3.09pct) and a net interest rate of 25.41 per cent (+4.58 pct, year-on-year).
2.2 Operating cash flows are strong, operating of excellent quality Companies ' profitability has increased rapidly since 2016, leading to a rapid increase in net asset yields, with a net asset return of 24.3 per cent in 2019, an increase of 4.4 pct over the previous year ' s year.
3. Import replacement acceleration: Pump valves are expected to replicate the tank rise path by 2.1 tank taps: successful share of foreign brands, steady increase in the stock of excavator tanks, sustained high rates of over 50 per cent in companies and ahead of other brands since 2009.
There has been a steady increase in the market of the Helium Hydraulic Excavator tank, which in 2019 was 51.4 per cent in the city of the Digger tank, and a reverse view. The company’s main competitor, the Japanese brand of kyb, has been running low and declining since 2016.
Business, basically, has a full coverage of the national mainstream brand. We estimate that the market share of the company’s national product plate is close to 80-90%, with the company’s market share in Trinity, Xu, Willows, and on-call workers being approximately 60-70%, 60%, 100%, 100%, respectively.
The cylinders are supplied to factories like Carter, China, Japan, the United States, Indonesia, and we estimate that the supply is about 50% of Carter's. The company's depth is tied to the downstream mainframe, which is accompanied by an increase in the concentration of the downstream excavator market, 2.2 pump valves rise: copying the successful path of the tank is expected to create a new constant.
Small-divide pump valves are the first to break through, with a rapid increase in the share of large- and medium-divide pump valves. In 2019, we measured the share of small/medium/large-deep pump valves to be 40/11/5 per cent, the relatively low share of large-deep pump valves to be supplied in bulk, and the success of pump valves, in collaboration with tank customers, could be fully endorsed by corporate hydraulic pump valves.
The city has more than 50% of the carvers, and has more than 50% of the mainstream excavators such as Trinity, Carter, Xudu, Willow, and so on. The company pump valves are now equipped with domestic backbones such as Trinity, Xu, Ritter, Willow, etc. We believe that the company's fuel tank customers are of good quality and are working closely with the company, and the company's tank has been successful.
The rise of corporate pump valves has created a solid customer base that will help the company pump valve business accelerate its outreach. Hydraulic pump valves are more difficult, valuable, market space is wider, and are the main battleground for high-end hydraulic products.
In the area of walking machines, the pump valves are worth about two times more than the tank value. The pump valves are relatively standardized, making it easier to produce 10 billion-grade businesses, and the global hydraulic giants are basically pumped and valved as core products.
We estimate that, to date, the company has invested $2 billion in the pump valve project, with a casting of pieces in 2011 and $500 million in it; and a hydraulic pump valve project in 2013, with a budget of $1,286 million. If research and development expenditures are considered, it is estimated that the project has been accompanied by an expansion in the size of the pump valve, an increase in the number of fixed asset turnovers, and an increase in net interest rates.
The spread of the overseas epidemic has led to a shortage of overseas supply chains. The new overseas crown epidemic has spread rapidly since mid-March, in an effort to contain it.
In addition, international logistics transport will be affected by the epidemic to a certain extent and global supply chains will be hit. The engineering and machinery industry is characterized by global distribution, long industrial chains, and low transparency. We have high-end engineering machines.
The dependence on imported engines and hydraulics remains high, and the shortage of individual parts may impose supply-side constraints on the production of the entire machine, thereby affecting the delivery of supplies to end-users. From 9 to 11 April, Sanya placed a 5 to 10 per cent price increase on concrete pumps and excavators, and Xu announced a 5 to 10 per cent price increase on the excavator, which was the main price increase.
Stereotyping is expected to take advantage of this opportunity to replace national production quickly. The epidemic has erupted worldwide.
On the one hand, some of the overseas firms have stopped working and had inadequate supply of products, and the mainframe wants to close the potential supply chain gap as soon as possible: on the other hand, the domestic mainframe has placed greater emphasis on supply chain security and hopes for rapid strategic deployment to increase and deepen its capacity and potential with the country.
As a result of these years, companies have gradually developed the capacity to import alternatives in terms of product quality, performance, etc. It is hoped that this crisis will be accompanied by a high degree of integration and rapid import substitution.
Beyond the excavators, there is much to be done: the domestic hydraulic market for international hydraulics, the 100-year-old shop, has remained at about 60 billion, and applications in engineering and machinery almost half of the scale. The downstream industry in China's hydraulics market is dominated by engineering machinery, cars, heavy machinery, machine tools, and 44 per cent of them.
The engineering and machinery industry is the leading downstream industry in the hydraulic industry. By product category, the proportion of key components represented by tanks, pumps, valves is higher, totalling more than 60 per cent.
Looking to the future, the company is committed to building a 100-year-old shop of hydraulics with international influence. On the one hand, engineering machines are just one of the many applications of hydraulics, and the downstream demands of hydraulics are found in a wide range of areas such as walking machines, industrial machinery, plant automation, new energy, space engineering, global hydraulics like Bo Schleslow, Eden.
This is further confirmed by the experience with the expansion of hydraulic fluids from excavators to non-scaling tanks. In our view, in addition to excavators, industrial pump valves, hydraulic systems, etc., are the company’s long-term course of development.
The combination of chemos, hydraulics, and electricity is becoming increasingly strong, foreign giants like Lexler and Danforth have been able to provide a package of solutions, and companies are gradually increasing their capacity-building in the design and application of a three-dimensional high-end integrated design of machinery, electronics, hydraulics. We believe that companies focus on branding and technology deposition, building on research and development, and will become part of the future.
The first echelon of high-end hydraulics has evolved into a 100-year-old shop with international influence. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Sustained downstream upswings and extensive import substitution space for the corporate hydraulics industry, maintaining the company's “buy-in” rating.
(a) Capital investment has increased at a slower rate than expected; (b) competition in the market has intensified;
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.