tclTech (000100) Improved large-scale supply pattern, stable medium-sized and small-sized layout 30 April, company quarterly report 2024, q1 operating income 2024
39,908 million yuan, +1.18 per cent, ring ratio - 3.27 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of $240 million, optimized supply side pattern and enhanced bargaining power of the flagship panel.
In good terms, corporate returns have risen significantly. Since 2023h2, the global demand for display terminals has begun to warm, and the price of the mainstream panel has gradually increased. The congenial consulting is expected to be a year of full profit transition for the panel industry in 2024, with global sales revenue from panel manufacturers reaching $103.3 billion.
Li Dongsheng and Ningbo are associated in nine days, but the supply and demand side of the industry and stock levels remain healthy, driven by good supply patterns and demand-driven business strategies; spring spring reserve demand is released, pulling large sizes.
The prices of small and medium-sized panels have been stable, and some products have experienced structural increases. Based on a gradual recovery in the level of profitability of major products, and the advantages of doing business, the company semiconductor shows a significant improvement in the same profit ratio, with 24q1 achieving business income of $23.376 billion, a year-on-year increase.
54.58% net profit of 539 million yuan, an improvement of 3.3337 billion yuan on the same year. Email: wuwenii@cnpsec.com ' s panel market boosts the bargaining power of leading domestic suppliers.
As technology accelerates, consumers increasingly diversify their demand for display devices from traditional television and electricity.
Brain screens extend to mobile devices, wearing devices, vehicle displays, public displays, etc. tcl. The full-size layout strategy of tcl-Star, which is "large-size lead, medium-sized innovation, small-sized high-end" is conducive to comprehensive coverage of market demand and to the construction of a full-scale competitive advantage:
1) tcl takes full advantage of the manufacturing efficiency and process advantages of the g8.5 and g11 high-generation lines in large-scale areas, actively developing commercial displays such as interactive whiteboards, digital tags, scaffolding screens, increasing market penetration, sustaining large-scale panel leadership, multi-product shares
The world’s top three. In recent years, global television sales have stabilized, and large-scale trends have led to steady growth in areas, and industrial cycle fluctuations have decreased significantly, and tcl, as the global large-scale display, has been the driving force behind a sustained increase in relative competitiveness and profitability.
2) In the medium-size area, the t9 line is climbing as planned, continuously increasing the market share of corporate tit products, and the market share of the monitors remains third in the world, with the share of the market of the electric monitor remaining steady at the top of the world. The 6-generation ltps expansion project is moving steadily, and the ltps pen is second in the world.
Year after year, tcl’s median-sized business income rose to 21%, becoming the main source of future growth 3) tcl’s product lined high-end markets in small-scale areas, where tcl’s product mix was ltps and soft-led, product competitiveness and market share continued to rise. t3 line ltps in 2023
The mobile panel is the third largest in the world. t4 soft-led crop yields and output are rising rapidly. Soft-led products are in short supply, 24q1 soft-led panels are upgraded to full-blown third, product and customer structures are further optimized, and business performance continues to improve.
With high growth in the photovoltaic sector, companies continue to consolidate their lead edge in g12 large silicon and n-type products. As challenges such as climate change, energy security, and environmental pollution have become more prominent, the global energy structure has accelerated and transformed, and the new photovoltaic energy industry continues to grow at a high rate.
The release of production capacity, increased competition, the functioning of the price base of the main products of the industrial chain, and the rapid replacement of new technologies, such as n-type products, with 24q1, tcl generating operating revenues of $9,933 million in the new energy luminous and other silicon materials industry, a decline of 43.62 per cent, net profits of $951 million.
In keeping with technological innovation, the company continues to consolidate its technological dominance and market position in g12 large silicon and n-type products, with an 88% output ratio for N-type and large-size (210 series) products, with a 90% or more of the middle N-210 market and a sustained lead.
Industrial 4.0 manufacturing transitions to international leadership in digitalization and intelligence at silicon, battery, and assembly plants. Downstream demand is not as high as expected, panel climate is not as high as expected, and photovoltaic components are not priced as expected.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.