Xu's engine continues to grow at a high rate, and the elastic profits elasticity will continue to be released at a rate of 52.5 per cent over the same period, with a net return of 2.04 billion over the same period of 100 per cent over the first quarter of 2019.
It is expected that there will be a high increase in the engine connection, a high profit elasticity of the industry, a high growth in the mid- and later-stage varieties of the crane connection, and a sustained release of the industry flagship performance. As a result of the lower construction order of the crane, the crane began to grow gradually, starting in 2018, and the January-February 2019 gas engine began to grow at a high rate.
Xu Xu was the absolute leader of the domestic crane, with sales of 2390/126/1557, an increase of 31.9 per cent/17.8 per cent/8.1 per cent over the same period, the increase in the volume of crane sales was lower than the low capacity of the industry, mainly due to the relocation of new plants at the beginning of the year, and the constraints of post-capability bottlenecks began to be removed in mid-April, with a gradual increase in corporate market occupancy in the second quarter.
Driven by factors such as renewal and renewal, improvements in capital investment, and expectations for the country's six standards, the engine industry is expected to continue to grow at a high rate of growth, expectations are expected to continue to rise, and Xu's weighting opportunities have increased.
As a result of price increases and changes in product marketing structures, the historical burden of the company's last credit expansion, such as cellular phones and legal machines, has been largely cleared, the probability of the price of raw materials, such as steel, continuing to rise significantly in 2019 and the effects of scalation have been further highlighted, with cost rates falling by 3.3 pct to 11.4 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2018.
While waiting for new operations such as high-altitude operating platforms and hydraulic valves, the process of high-quality asset injection is expected to accelerate in 19 years, the company has been working hard to develop high-altitude operating platforms and hydraulic valves for 18 years, and the fast-growing company high-altitude operating platforms that benefit from the domestic high-altitude platform market are continuing to double.
Long, the release of the new business will result in a significant increase in company performance and help smooth the cycle volatility of the engineering and machinery industry. The company’s controlling shareholder, Xu Yu, has limited access to the list of national companies to reform the “two hundred” initiative, and we expect substantial progress in the group’s mix in 19 years, with a strong injection of high-quality assets, such as excavators, to be achieved.
It is expected that the cumulative sale of the excavators by 209q1 Q1 will increase by 63.2 per cent, and the market share will further rise to 13.4 per cent, surpassing Carter to the second highest level in the country, and that the infusion will result in a significant increase in corporate performance. Based on the high profile of the crane industry and the release of corporate profit elasticity, we will make the company's profits from 19/20.
Using the market price of April 12, 2019, as a standard, Xu Engineering: Xu's brand is popular, the engineering and machinery industry has experienced a sharp decline, capital investments have not increased as fast as expected, and industry competition has worsened.
Xu Engineering Mechanics: 17 years' performance meets expectations, good industry patterns
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shao Fai