Events: Company ' s performance report for 2018 and its performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019, in which business income is projected to be $4.441 billion in 2018, a year-on-year increase
Roe 8.27 per cent, an increase of 3.57 pct over the same period.
Market growth has remained strong, especially in the case of corporate “fist” products, whose overall sales have increased by 47.89 per cent on a year-on-year basis. According to our grass-roots research and the country’s 19-year capital investment, the crane industry is expected to grow by more than 30 per cent in 19 years.
The division, as a crane leader, will benefit fully from industry growth and benefit from the dividends of increased industry concentration. In the second half of 19th year, the company will introduce a new type of “country six” standard, with total equity/flow (million shares)
In view of the number of hours of operation, work is well under way, and the engineering machinery is high. Despite weather effects, the company’s rate of engine start-up has reached 82% since January 19 – the same rate.
The need to start downstream is well illustrated by an increase of 3 pct. In addition, the crane application is not well developed. Xu's machine (000425) Xu's machine: thick, limited to real estate and infrastructure, municipal engineering, environmental engineering, etc. requires cranes.
The thin-haired King of Engineering and Mechanics has begun to improve the country ' s weather, which has allowed construction to begin, and the company ' s data on the start-up of all types of equipment are fine -- 2019/02/26.
Companies are actively setting up high-altitude platforms to further optimize the industrial structure. Companies are using performance forecasts to predict that corporate profits are still growing.
Space - 2019/01/28. Technology advantages, products are more competitive. The company has sold more than Xu Engineering Machinery (000425) in 18 years.
At present, high-altitude platforms have low penetration in the country and are still in high-speed development industries, with companies maintaining high growth - 2018/10/30.
Good corporate horizontal development gradually increases the class of niches, becoming the engineering and machinery division of the world’s first team. We have raised corporate operating revenues of $44.3 billion in 2018-2020.
54.3 billion yuan, 60.2 billion yuan; net profit, 2.1 billion yuan, 3.5 billion yuan, 4.4 billion yuan.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related sectors. Financial industry has been in business for more than six years, and is represented by Robot Trends, among other things.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre and joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.