Xu Xu's machine has high growth dividends and improved quality of operations for the cranes, and the company published its annual report 2018 and its first quarterly report 2019, and achieved a profit of $44.41 billion in 2018, which is an increase.
52.5% longer, net profit attributable to the mother increased by 100.4% on a year-on-year basis; and 2,119q1 recovered $14.42 billion, an increase of 33.7% on a year-on-year basis, a net profit attributable to the mother increased by $1.05 billion, an increase of 102.7% on a year-on-year basis, in line with previous performance forecasts.
Performance met expectations and the quality of operations improved significantly Power, cranes, shoveling machines, compact machinery, plant machinery, fire-fighting machinery, road surface machines, high year-on-year performance, with 4,994 vehicles sold, 50.7 per cent more than the previous 50 per cent increase.
Over 18 years, the company's many products have remained stable in the country's industry, accounting for 45.8 per cent of automobile cranes, 2.3 per cent lower and 42.2 per cent higher, compared to 0.1 per cent higher.
60.5 per cent of the vehicle crane market, increased by 4 pct, over 6 tons of large loader market, increased by 5.1 pct, the amplifier regained its first position on the domestic market, the roller, the flat, the dredging rig, the horizontal target drilling market share continued to be the first in the industry, and the two wheels and tunnel digs continued to be the first in the industry.
To be first in the domestic market; 19q1 is expected to continue with a high growth rate of one quarter in the first half of the year, as well as other products, due to the relocation of the plant and the cautious attitude towards economic products, which have led to a further decline in the market share of the company’s car crane, without affecting the company’s leading position in the domestic industry.
It is hoped that the high-growth dividend will remain high, and companies will fully benefit from the high-growth dividends of the industry as leaders. Consistent year-round, the decline in the company’s Māori ratio is due mainly to the handling of cellular phones, rising prices of raw materials, and changes in the product distribution structure, as the company’s cellular telephones grow, scale their effects, and decrease.
The impact of effectiveness is that the Māori rate of major products, such as cranes, is expected to pick up gradually in the second quarter, and the quality of operations has improved significantly, and the group mix is expected to land during the year. The cost rate for the 18-year period of the company was 10.8 per cent, a decrease of 3.4 pct compared to the previous period, and the sales/management + R& D/financial cost rate has declined overall, with 19q1.
A high 40-45 per cent down payment ratio, with 18 years of operating net cash flows reaching $3.31 billion, a record high, and the quality of the company ' s operations steadily improving. The fall in operating cash flows in the first quarter of 19 years was mainly due to nearly 1.5 billion more than at the beginning of the year, which could be discounted to cash flows, because
Real operating cash flows are still improving this quarter. The national and local government's mix-up with Xu's height is based on the market price collected on April 29, 2019.
Xu Engineering Machinery: Xu's brand is popular, the industry's dominant territory, the engineering and machinery industry has experienced a sharp decline, capital investments have not increased as fast as expected, and competition in the industry has worsened. Xu Engineering Machinery: 17 years of performance meets expectations, industry has a good pattern
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.