Performance grew rapidly in 2018, with net profits doubling again in a quarter, Xu's annual report (000425) for 2018 and the first quarterly report for 2019, where real estate investment and demand for renewal were assessed, resulting in significant increases in revenue from domestic sales.
The international market layout is constantly improving and the post-market construction is increasing, and the size and pace of corporate exports remain industry leaders, especially in countries along the “one-way” route, which is almost complete. In 2018, companies earned $5.89 billion in overseas operations, an increase of 78.1 per cent, compared with 78.1 per cent in the European region and Europe.
Total exports from the Central Asian region increased by 89.3 per cent and 74.1 per cent respectively, respectively, with vehicles cranes, tracked cranes, ss034018807047 loaders, ballasts, flat-ground machines and stand-by machines in the top six major exports in the industry.
zhanghaojie@dgzq.com.cn Key data as at 29 April 2019 showed an increase of 92.3 per cent and a Ring increase of 124.4 per cent; achieved a gain of $0.13 per share.
The demand for the engineering machinery market continued to be strong, with a rising climate, and the company’s business products were both sold and its performance maintained a high growth rate. The Maori rate fell slightly during the quarter, net interest rates continued to rise, and the cost rate continued to improve over the period.
In the first quarter of the year, the company ' s Māori rate was 16.8 per cent, a 1.4 pcc decrease in the same year; net interest rate was 7.3 per cent, and the roe(ttm) company ' s Māori rate was slightly reduced, the net interest rate and roe were rising and the cost rate continued to optimize during the period.
A billion yuan, or 85.2 per cent less than the previous year, net operating cash flows reached their highest level in 2018, with an unmatched advantage in the entire series of engineering machinery products. Companies moving the cranes to the top of the world, maintaining the first-ever market in the world, with the track cranes to the top in the country, starting in 2018.
The stocking machine takes back the first position in the domestic market, and is in the first place in the industry with the roller, flat-bed road-building machines. The drilling rigs, horizontal orientation, two drills, high-level fire trucks are in the first position in the country, and the double-wheeling and tunnel-diving machines are in the first position in the country.
In 2018, sales of deep drilling rigs, diggers, high-altitude platforms increased by 142%, 129%, and 107% respectively. For the first time, the Ministry of Excavators under the flag of the parent company broke $10 billion, with the city ranking for the second time in the country; and for the first time, heavy card revenues fell by $5 billion, to the top ten.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I am available independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.