Events: the company released its report for the first quarter of 2019 on 30 April, achieving business income of $14.419 billion in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 33.72 per cent, and a net return on maternity.
One hundred and fifty-three million yuan, an increase of 102.74 on a year-on-year basis; basic eps 0.128 dollars/shares, an increase on a year-on-year high of 2018 growth in the engineering and machinery industry in the first quarter of 2019.
The mechanical market has maintained strong growth, especially in the corporate “fist” product cranes, where overall sales have increased by 47.89% over the same period. According to our grass-roots research and the state, companies, as leading players in the crane industry, will benefit fully from industry growth and enjoy industry.
The output of the company’s crane output during the quarter of the year is good, with a significant increase over the same period of the year. In terms of opening hours, downstream work starts well, confirming the high temperature of engineering machinery.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) although affected by weather conditions, the company ' s rate of restarting since January 19 was 82 per cent, the highest/minimum 12-month period (in dollars)
The demand for downstream start-ups is well illustrated by an increase of 3 pct. Moreover, the crane application is not limited to real estate and infrastructure, and municipal engineering, environmental engineering, etc., needs to be used as cranes.
The company is actively setting up high-altitude platforms to further optimize the structure of the industry.
Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425) Xu Engineering Mechanics: A platform for active high-altitude operations with increased investment funds, making full use of the thin-haired engineering machines accumulated in the previous period on the lifting equipment
The company's 18-year high-altitude platform sales are higher than the current high-altitude platform's low penetration in the country, remains in the high-speed development industry, the company has over-expected performance, and the company's profits are still growing.
In order to seize the opportunities for industrial growth and create a new profit growth point, the investment proposal: based on a judgment of the long-term upward trend in the engineering and machinery industry, we see that horizontal growth of companies gradually increases the class of superiors.
Division. We adjusted the company ' s operating income for 2019-2021 by 54.8 billion yuan, 65.2 billion yuan, and 74.7 billion yuan; net profits by 3.8 billion yuan, 4.4 billion yuan, and 5 billion yuan.
Once again, a quarter of the year's speed of growth has been set in motion, a quarter of the year has been set in motion, and a year-long period of growth has been set in motion in the field of industrial research, which is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of industrial work experience, work in the fields of engineering machinery and automobiles, production techniques, markets, strategies, etc. In June 2017, Pacific equities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals.
The Center, which joined the Pacific Securities Center in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific Securities Center in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report