Logistics core assets have an absolute competitive advantage, multi-dimensional segmentation of competitions, overall leadership of industry development, strong domestic dominance of surplus-owned logistics assets, strong business barriers, international manufacturing industry
Supply chains and international operations are expected to act as incremental drivers of corporate performance, with economic, fast-moving, urban-like and other disaggregated areas.
Core operations: 1 statute of limitations: it is expected that the air freight market structure will be re-established by the opening of cargo functions at the Orzhou airport, double, 21.84 times greater, with first coverage, with an increased rating.
The area has become a new hotspot for competition, and the network of companies has accelerated its deployment. 3 Supply chains and international operations: in 2021, Hondo acquired 51.5% of the stock of the Jali logistics, further moving into South-East Asia. The emerging electricity market in South-East Asia has less than 10% penetration and the future South-East Asian logistics market is vast.
Emerging operations: One of the largest zero-load fast-moving networks in the country, one of the largest on-line, one of the highways, and one of the trillion-scale markets, where the effect of the fast-moving market is highlighted, with the expectation that the business will gradually contribute to performance as the scale effect is demonstrated.
First, in 2021, our cold-chain logistics market reached $418.4 billion, or +9 per cent, and the demand for cold transport has greater potential as the demand of the population for optimally catalyzing industries increases in size and internal optimal integration.
With an increase of 55% in the annual number of active business households, 106% in the annual number of active individual users, and a further increase in the company’s market share, using the attributes of an independent third party and a good reputation for its services, the demand for prescription express is not as high as expected; the risks arising from the Express Price War; and the expansion of production capacity in the new business development cycle.
Risks arising from changes in courier logistics policy.
Transport: Logistics I. Favourable Holdings: The Core Assets of Logistics have an absolute competitive advantage and a multi-dimensional breakdown
(i) Company profiles: third-party integrated logistics vendor pilot, domestic express delivery industry poles Shunfeng Holdings Ltd. (“Shunfong Holdings”, Companies”) is a leading domestic express logistics integrated service provider, established in 1993 in Guangdong Shunde. In 1999, Shunfeng completed the transition from the federated model to the straight-line model.
On December 12, 2016, with the full outbreak of the Express Company's “market surge,” the entire assets and liabilities of the Maroon Hill New Earth Materials Company, Inc. (the “Thai New Materials”) were replaced by 100% of the stock and loaned to a stock market, with a security code of 002352.sz.
(ii) Equity structure: the equity structure is concentrated, the shareholding ratio is almost 50 per cent in real control, and the equity structure is concentrated. Mr. Wang Wei is the actual controlling party of the company, by holding shares in Shenzhen Mingde, indirectly holding 51 per cent of the shareholdings, being the first shareholder of the company, and the first shareholder, that is, the actual controlling owner, is close to the shareholding ratio.
The company’s main subsidiaries and participating companies include HQA (aviation capacity), HQ (fast-track transportation), Guangdong (fast-track transportation board) and other investors.
The main business units of the company are strongly reinforced by blocks), smooth and cold chain logistics (cold transport plates), stock holding in the city, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Xia, Hong Kong, Beijing (supply chain business panels), etc.
(iii) Financial overview: ongoing recovery of profitability and stress of resilience: 1. Performance: surviving efficiency logic is evident, profits are being repaired on a quarterly basis in the first three quarters of 2022. Companies collected 1991.47 billion yuan, i.e. +46.58 per cent, mother ' s net profit + 4,472 million, i.e. 149 per cent.
In 2021, the company achieved business income of $20.72 billion, which is an investment in network resources such as sites, equipment, transport, etc., compared to 2020; (2) increased labour costs due to the number of employees left behind and the increase in subsidies during the early spring seasons; and (3) faster growth in low-priced fast-forward products, which put some pressure on overall profitability.
q1-q4 achieves a net profit of 1130 million yuan, 660 million yuan, 810 million yuan and 1.50 billion yuan per year. After q1 losses, the company has been actively pursuing effective business initiatives and management excellence since q2 and has quickly reversed the loss to profit and gradually increased the profit, showing greater resilience, optimized product structure and refined management, with a marked improvement in performance in the first three quarters of the year.
The fall in the Māori rate in 2021 in 2014 - 2022q3 is related to the increase in manual subsidy spending by 2021q1 in response to the policy of annual in situization, while increasing borrowing as a result of the company’s limited shareholders’ shareholding. But the company’s day-to-day cash flow and financial structure as a whole remained robust, with the first half of the year going through.
Net cash flows from battalion activities have improved significantly, from $4.33 billion to $16.71 billion over the same period last year, an increase of 286 per cent over the same period. Emerging operations have gradually increased their share, and the strategic positioning of integrated logistics has become clearer. 2022h1, the company’s six major business sectors: timeliness, economy, fast-moving, cold-moving, same-city, supply chain, and international segment revenue as a proportion of total operating income were 37.90 per cent, 9.10 per cent,
At the same time, the share of supply chains and international operations has increased significantly. By the end of September 2021, companies acquired 51.5% of Garrett’s shares in logistics, which complement each other’s strengths, they will expand the smooth global network layout, support the international cargo air network and accelerate international operations.
(iv) Corporate advantage: Aerostate airport consolidates the statute of limitations barrier, South-East Asia international logistics layout leads, South-East Asia international logistics airport strongly supports the product statute of limitations advantage, and the “All cargo + dispersed + drone” system constructs the statute of limitations barrier Air fleet: 72 full cargo aircraft, half of industry, and hard to replicate. By the end of the 21st year, the company had 86 full cargo aircraft.
(68 owned + 18 leased), 37 international routes with 150,000 tons of international cargo cargo, with 142 cargo planes dedicated to the industry as of 21 years, with absolute advantages. Thus, the company has the leading cargo resources at the industry level. The proportion of all-cargo aircraft/dispersal cargoes has increased year by year, and the company ' s air capacity has continued to increase. As of 2021, the company ' s full cargo cargoes/dispersals were shipped.
The proportion of total cargo shipments is increasing year by year compared to 51.20 per cent/48.8 per cent, respectively. Given the advantages of full cargo transport as compared to the time when it is dispersed, autonomy and flexibility have led to stronger aviation for companies. Airports: four major aviation logistics bases, “point-to-point” directly covering the entire country, with high time limits.
State (Shawshan Airport), Shenzhen (Boan Airport) and Chengdu (Swigstream Airport) are the centres for air logistics. The four aviation logistics bases are the hub for direct “point-to-point” flights from companies to major cities throughout the country. At the same time, the company is largely self-employed in airfield ground services at the four aviation logistics bases.
(a) A strong guarantee of a time-bound nature. Figure 10. Favourable “point-to-point” modes of transport. Figure 11. “Axis-to-point” modes of transport at the State Airport of Soy Toyo
At the end of the year, the company's subsidiary, Shun Fong Taison, signed a joint venture contract with Hubei International Logistics Airports Ltd. in Shenzhen City, to finance the establishment of the Hubei International Logistics Airports Ltd. (Shun Fong Airport, Ozhou), with shares of 46%, 49%, and 5% respectively.
An independent parallel double runway, 1.5-two-hour flight, covers 90% of the country’s economy. Similar to the air cargo network of the US logistics company,ups, and Fedex, which uses the same axle irradiation mode for logistics transport.
Auzhou airport is located as a feeder for cargo and passenger transport, and by 2025, according to the General Development Plan for the Economic Experimental Zone at Wuhan City Circle Airport, 1 million passengers will have swallowed up, 2.45 million tons by mail, 1.5 million by 2030, and 3.3 million tons by cargo. Once the Orzhou airport is operational, the previous "point-to-point" network model will be converted to "axial irradiation" mode, i.e., cargo consolidation.
The Axis irradiation model has the advantage of increasing the proportion of large aircraft use and increasing cargo loads. The Axis irradiation network uses the air hub to conduct twice the transport from the country.
Reasonable matching, based on the history of the development of Fedex, since 1973, FedEx has moved its headquarters to Memphis. Since 1978, Fedex began to build its super-transit centre at Memphis airport, and the number of aircraft has increased at a remarkable rate in the five years since Memphis became operational. This has slowed down, the volume of transport goods has increased faster, the volume of transport has grown faster than the growth of the company's fleet and the efficiency of aircraft utilization has increased.
Figure 13. Number and growth of the Fedex fleet, 1979-1986
2 Reduces the cost of ground services for aircraft staying at other integrated airports. The geographical advantage of Memphis has led to a reduction in ineffective flight and stay time and to savings in fuel and other costs. Once Memphis airport is operational, the cost of single votes and single tickets for fuel has dropped significantly. According to Hübei International Logistics Core Hubs Project, released in 2018, Shun Hyo,
The “junction flight” model, built with the Australasia airport, is expected to reduce the cost by 20% per unit. Figure 15. Fedex single ticket cost and speed of increase, 1981-1986 Chart 16. Fedex single ticket fuel cost, single ticket weight cost increase
The full functionality of the 3-O state airport hub and the enhanced transit capability will further enhance transit efficiency. The Orzhou airport is a specialized cargo terminal, designed to be more closely positioned and designed with Louisville airport: minimalized passenger transport and maximization of cargo services, with a synchronized application of road co-operation technology to achieve the intelligent operation of the acreage, plus a polarity.
High levels of intelligence, as well as facilities such as unmanned loaders and no-man stores with co-operation technology. It can be expected that when the Orzhou airport is in place, it will contribute to a further increase in the competitiveness of the company ' s statute of limitations.4 There are opportunities for individual clearances, flights will not be affected by the right-of-flight schedule, and multiple flights can be carried out during the day.
The role of a specialized cargo airport in Memphis cannot be ignored. The number of cities where companies can reach within two days after the airport is operational will rise from the current level of 140 to nearly 300, with most major cities enjoying daily service.
There is a trend for air couriers to set up regional trans-shipment centres. The US Fedex network covers Memphis as a super-junct, Anke Reacher, Newark, Indiana, Oakland, Dallas, five secondary hubs, and 24 smaller urban hubs.
The camp model is an important basis for building the current network model, which is truly time-bound to control transport. According to Qui Chu, the world’s fourth-largest specialized cargo airport in Asia, which has been built with 1,000 km radius and 1.5 hours, covers 90% of the country’s total economy, 80% of the population, and five major national cities, and is only one night away from the world’s major cities.
At Memphis airport, like Memphis, Memphis has become the largest medical equipment manufacturing centre in the United States, a computer maintenance centre in the United States, and a health centre in the south-central region. Electric companies, such as flowers and gifts, have also established cold storage and distribution centres in Memphis.
The construction of a cluster of industries near the airship will hopefully lead to the development of the state and the surrounding region. The open-air dominant industry selected by the short-term economic zone will focus on aviation logistics, smart manufacturing, medical health, light and electronics, among other things.
Intelligent manufacturing is mainly an airport-dependent industry, with a focus on air industries, including aircraft retrofitting, maintenance, shipping materials, and aircraft spare parts. The health industry focuses on bonding functions, including genetics, vaccines, blood, medical devices, organ transplants, etc.
Transport, freight forwarder companies, storage functions, etc. Light and electronics industry: based on the provision of support services to the valley, emphasis will be placed on the development of sub-sectors such as integrated circuits, new displays, light communications, new energy and smart network cars. According to Wuhan City Circle, in 2020, the new technology industry increased its value by $600 billion, or 22.8% of the gdp; the open economic zone of the city will also comprehensively develop cross-border power suppliers, cold.
Linkage logistics, bonded warehousing, etc., will usher in a new growth curve for time-bound products. 2. The acquisition of 51.5% of Gary’s stock in logistics, and the potential of the South-East Asian logistics market to create a global network of international supply chains, will be the next competitive high ground for the industry.
In particular, 2021 year-round trade exports totalled $3.36 trillion, an increase of 29.85% compared to the previous year, the highest growth since 2010; the cross-border electricity suppliers exported 1.98 trillion yuan, an increase of 15%. The “one-way” initiative, the recp agreement, is expected to lead to stronger trade growth between China and the surrounding region.
The expansion of global consumer markets creates a very favourable environment and opportunities for China’s logistics firms to sail to the sea. Figure 18. China’s export/import trade volumes in the period up to October 2013-2022.
In 1989, Fedex successfully acquired the world’s largest air cargo company, SDU International, with access to 21 countries, a large fleet of aircraft and a global layout, and gradually opened up international markets. In 2016, Fedex acquired tnt exits, greatly expanded the road network in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia, and achieved a terrestrial network with tntexpress by 2020.
By comparison, international operations will be a new growth point for integrated logistics traders. In 2020, the ups International Packing Camp received $15.9 billion, or 19% of the total, and in 2021, the Fedex International Packing Camp received $25.2 billion, or 30% of the total.
Moreover, international operations have higher profitability, and the development of international operations has helped to increase profitability. According to ups, the share of international operations is higher than the share of income, around 10 pct, affected by the epidemic in 2020, with rapid growth in both online consumption and cross-border power suppliers.
While the current international couriers still have an absolute lead in cross-border logistics markets, middle-income logistics firms have begun to woven global networks through strong alliances, overseas M&As, self-employment, etc., especially in South-East Asia, South Asia and the Middle East region, and have sought a break in market competition with a unique, efficient and beneficial advantage of services. In 2021, China ' s Logistics Group was formed as a unit at the national level.
Company limits; expressway track breakdown, top-not-for-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-
Garry Logistics is the leading logistics firm in global operations. Services cover 58 countries and regions, with a strong international cargo, combined liquidity, and overseas resources. According to the US logistics consulting firm Armstrong & Associates (a&a), in 2020, Carri was ranked 17th in the top 50th ranking of global third-party logistics firms (3pl), 50th in global freight exchanges, 8th in maritime and 13th in air transport.
The main logistics operations in Garrey include integrated logistics, international freight forwarders (air, sea, rail and multimodal transport), industrial project logistics, cross-border electricity and trade, and last-mile dispatch and capital investment and Hong Kong warehouse. 1 In integrated logistics, Gary logistics is good at providing exclusive solutions for international fashion and electronic brands, catering chains, fast-out companies, to the pharmaceutical, industrial and automotive industries.
In the case of maritime transport, with a strong network with maritime carriers, it provides customers with services such as unshipped shipping, containerized and containerized, clustering, distribution, booking agents, shipping management, and so on.
Improving land and rail networks in Eurasia, and the provision of cost-effective long-distance land, land and air transport, and door-to-door delivery services to international clients. 5 In overseas local couriers, Gali has a local express delivery network in South-East Asian countries such as Thailand, Viet Nam, Malaysia, Cambodia, India, and more than 1 million per day in the region.
As a result of the acquisition of Gary’s request to sell the Hong Kong warehouse to the company’s parent company, the company’s Taiwan business, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Gary no longer operates the Hong Kong warehouse, which currently comprises only two parts of international freight forwarders’ and logistics operations.
Figure 25. Garrett logistics operations revenue (millions of dollars) Figure 27. Garrett logistics regions revenue (millions of dollars) Figure 26.2021
Complementarity will expand the smooth global network layout to support the development of an international cargo air network, especially by seizing the opportunities of emerging cities in South-East Asia, and accelerate international business expansion. On the smooth side: 1Jali logistics has an overseas local express delivery network in countries in East Asia such as Thailand, Viet Nam, Malaysia, Cambodia, and Indonesia.
The 21-year boom in South-East Asia’s international electricity-to-South trade is a further development for the South-East Asian market. 2 Garry Logistics, as the agent of the airline’s iata agency, the largest owner of international and air cargo sources, Kauri’s weight advantage, coupled with a smooth air transport capacity, and the impending construction of the Orchia airport as an international freight hub, will be expected.
A strong international air network of companies, as well as a global land, sea and air multimodal transport capacity, will enhance the overall competitiveness of the smooth international logistics market.3 On 28 June 2022, Carrie Logistics signed an international freight forwarder framework agreement with Hyo Fong Tyson, which will allow the transfer of air services to the Hyo Fong Tyson Group, which will allow direct connectivity to the Hyo Tieson Group air transport network, thereby significantly reducing the cost of third-party agents and thus increasing the cost of third-party agents.
In May of this year, it began to act as the sole global freight sales agent for HSBC, while integrating HSBC operations outside China into the Group’s global network. It is expected that the scope, geographical coverage, and service capacity of the Garry Logistics Network will benefit from a step-by-step integration and synergy.
Figure 28. Permeability of electricity suppliers in major regions of the world.
al-drivers, intelligent supply chain landings and full-channel operating capabilities, leveraging technological dynamics to forecast client needs, thus achieving a precise allocation of resources, which can be well combined with Gary's advantage in the resource network. 2 Garry logistics can deliver a powerful South-East Asia express service with the help of a good product, service capacity and advanced logistics experience.
A well-developed logistics infrastructure, with the benefit of the wealth of available courier operations and leading logistics technology, has further taken advantage of the South-East Asian market, and has fast-tracked the South-East Asian Express logistics network.
(i) Statute of limitations: the continued consolidation of the statute of limitations barrier, the strong operational resilience highlighted by the continuous expansion of the statute of limitations service, the consolidation of the long-standing competition barrier at the airport in Oblast, the upgrading of the company's statute of limitations product system, and the provision of day-to-day, smooth-fist, fast-flexing, etc.
The main urban areas can be delivered the following day, and some cities can be delivered the following morning, covering more than 90,000 flows throughout the country.
The statute of limitations rate continues to rise, and the resilience of the companies affected by the epidemic is evident. Even in the face of the March-May 22 major urban epidemic, which has been blocked by open-space connectivity, transit and reception models, improved operational capacity, etc., the statute of limitations rate is still higher than it was in the same period last year.
The prescription type covers business correspondence, high-end electrical appliances, personal bulk, etc.. Of these, the proportion of consumer goods sent in 2021 was more than 45%, with better increases in mother and child supplies, individual cosmetics, alcohol, etc.; in addition, there was a recovery in the need for shipping to service the flow of industrial agricultural production, with a 21% increase in the number of dispatches.
Short-distance transport within 800 km, mainly by road, while long-range transport over 800 km is mainly by air. 22h1, the company statute of limitations collects $49.26 billion, an increase of 5.1 per cent, and 3.5 months, affected by the first-line urban outbreak, with the statute of limitations in place.
The statute of limitations continues to grow well. In 2021, the company ' s statute of limitations portfolio increased at a slightly slower rate than it did at the same time at a high base. Complimentation with the country ' s first largest cargo fleet, a well-regulated direct camp network, and high-quality end-of-life services, accounted for an absolute lead share in China ' s prescription express delivery market.
2 hours. In the National Postal Service ' s 2021 Express Service Satisfaction Survey, a smooth full-time test, a 72-hour average on-time test, the company ' s bill of limitations price for 2018-2021 was stable at about $22 per ticket. As a result of the high prescription premium, the unit price level of the letter of limitation was much higher than the unit price level of the normal power source. The Maori rate of the statute of limitations was about 25 per cent.
Timelines: For the first time in 13 years, 72 hours of CS satisfaction, and for the first time in nine years, it has a brand image of “fast, on time, and safe.” The Kyouta logistics service also operates a time-bound fast-mail delivery service, but it previously has a warehouse-centred warehouse.
There are significant differences between the business model and the smooth market and the ems.
Strong controls and management of the entire logistics network at Headquarters. The use of the “regional warehouse-pre-warehouse-end distribution” configuration model, which omits the process of sending copies to the sorting centre, helps to improve logistics efficiency by facilitating the movement of goods into warehouses by traders (including self-employed and third-party traders) across China, bringing commodities to a closer location to users and eventually increasing them.
In terms of geographical location and strategic importance, Hukuo State airport, which is owned by Hyoyoshi, is better than the Xianan Kiku region, where the logistics are located in Kyoto.
In addition, the main location of the Xi'an logistics base in Kyoto is the logistics headquarters, storage base, unmanned aviation infrastructure, which has not yet built a hub airport, while the Xiaofu State airport, which is involved in building it, is tasked with the Wuhantian Airport + the two-hub passenger and cargo hub of the Luhan Metropolitan City Airport, which is of strategic importance as a logistics hub, can be supported by more relevant government departments, and has good prospects for future development.
Ok. On July 17, Ozhou Lake Airport was launched, with the first shipment to open two routes from Orzhou to Shenzhen, Shanghai, and two international routes from Osaka to Frankfurt during the year. The airport trans-shipment hub will increase the company ' s domestic statute of limitations coverage and the layout of the international air transport network, with a generally better time frame for smooth courier operations than for Kyoto logistics.
It's faster, and it's easier to “precedent” everything, reaching the fastest seven hours across the country, and the fastest to reach the capitalist logistics service by 12 o'clock on the next day. Quick operations: smooth overall prices are higher than those of the capital. Quicker than smooth operations, the capitalist logistics is better off in storage and distribution, large items distribution, and so on. Quick shares, on the one hand, combine a breakdown of scenes and industry-differentiated needs with continuous optimization of the product system and upgrading of the experience to enhance users.
Stickyness, on the other hand, is expected to continue to have a stronger advantage in the area of time-limited couriers through resource investment + paradigm change, raising timeliness and service advantages, and widening their competitive barriers in the future.
Figure 40. Kyoto's main business Figure 41. Māori leads the front line of the smooth and fast transport business 4. Reverse logistics track is on the rise and domestic live electricity providers are growing rapidly.
Data from the Ministry of Commerce show that during the first half of 2022, retail sales grew by 3.1 per cent over the same period, with a 58.2 per cent increase in live belts, becoming a new source of growth in consumption. According to questmobile, in the first quarter of 2022, short video monthly activity reached 990 million people, representing more than 95 per cent of the total number of cellular users.
High penetration rates among Internet users and high transformation rates between short video and live electricity providers, and large futures of electricity suppliers.
A live feeder economy has emerged, with a 36% return rate to the platform and a smooth return to address the market pain. Traditional platform return business has suffered: (1) a poor user service experience in the traditional return model, buyers need to contact the express return return on their own, the manual backfilling of the manifest number is easy to input errors; 2 vendors do not have timely access to material movements, vendors do not have timely access to return information and logistics trails on the platform, and time limits are too high
Slow; 3 platforms have high costs, and the platform is unable to monitor their return in a timely manner, with a high proportion of post-sale complaints.
Service experiences; 3 smooth independent third-party backgrounds that adhere to independent third-party positioning and provide neutral, professional third-party services to more effectively support clients operating through the whole channel and protect customer information security; 4 Settlement model innovations, depending on the freight risk coverage of the electric power platform, can be customized and flexible payment modalities to meet the platform's individualized needs.
With the near complete deployment of the network and the gradual rise of reverse logistics, companies are expected to hit tens of millions of units in the season. The smooth return project was launched on a pilot basis at the end of the 20th century, with full national operations opened in 21 years, with a daily average of 100,000 grades. On 19 July, Mongolia’s limited logistics company was established. On 25 July, Beijing’s Fungnet Express Limited was established, with the exception of the provinces and cities of Xinjiang, Tibet, Qinghai and Shanghai.
The marketable areas now cover the country’s main core cities, including Kimhua, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Suzhou, Hangzhou, and Foshan. According to the coalition, the competitive strategy of the network is to take the head sellers of the power-marketing platform, and the season is expected to hit tens of millions of dollars.
The market for China’s refunds is now about 15 million m/day, and Shunfeng’s returns started in May 2021. More than 20 platforms are being serviced, including multiple, merciless, shivering and scavengers. The company’s current market is low, folding and initial access to greenbird wraps, stockings are in the start-up phase, freshling is now the largest platform in China’s repository market, and the company stock is expected to follow up.
There is still much room for improvement. In the long term, because the refunds payers are mainly the insurance companies that pay out of their clients’ return insurance, a small proportion of them are being paid by the merchants, and it is expected that future single fares will be properly priced to avoid low-price competition.
In summary, the business has a more competitive edge and is currently characterized by a more stable market pattern, relatively stable prices, gross (ii) economy: “Break + Alliance” dual-brand service provider market.
The company’s economic portfolio consists of three main product groups: smooth-speed, high-speed, high-speed, and warehousing, and silo-based services. Full-time transport: a full-time 4.5-hour reduction in the average length of each ticket over 21 years. The fast-paced single-barrel income ring is higher than the average price for market electronics.
As of 22h1, the network has completed coverage in 19 provinces, 229 cities and 2 municipalities, and has operated 1,671 federated points, with robust growth in business volume. Through self-constructed and integrated services, companies operate more than 390 electrical commercial warehouses in nearly 100 cities across the country, covering more than 5.6 million m2, including custom-made warehouses, standard warehouses, economic warehouses, and covering the needs of customers at different levels of the electricity market.
Two-to-one 11-day warehouse orders in 2021 exceeded 24 million, and over 93 per cent of orders during the two-to-one peak period remained accurate within 24 hours
In the first half of 2022, the company’s economy express business achieved tax-free revenues of $11.81 billion, a decline of 7.3 per cent over the same period, mainly due to companies’ insistence that the annual compound growth rate of cagr be +21.47 per cent. Companies insist on differentiated competition, actively fine-tuning the structure of their products, specializing in low-Māori appliances, and gradually retreating from the market to promote a similar increase in the profitability of the economy’s express.
The changing environment for the development of the express delivery sector in the context of shared wealth led to a shift from the pursuit of “quantity” to the pursuit of “quality”. By September 2022, the express delivery industry had been cr8-84.8. Since the second half of 2021, with electricity suppliers decentralizing and policies leading to high-quality development, the convergence of such couriers as the polar rabbits and the 100th century, Kyoto and Texas has led to the optimization of industry patterns, further easing of market competition, and the future development of express delivery firms.
The direction will gradually shift from a share to a sustainable increase in profitability. For the future growth of the industry: first, to be better tied to end-of-end customers in the process of industrial upgrading; second, to sink the express market, to improve the service system adapted to rural power suppliers, to speed up and improve the fast-forward movement of villages into and out of the country; third, to develop international logistics operations such as cross-border power suppliers; and fourth, to develop reverse logistics operations for power suppliers.
Further resolution of the overlap between the “breathing network” network and the company’s direct network will accelerate the pace of development of the “breathing network.” Thirdly, emerging business: industry has a multi-hand lead, multi-separate track perspective (i) fast-moving operations: the “breath + association” two-net model, “quick, large, specialized”
In line with the time-bound lead strategy, achieve a more “larger” coverage of the scene: product: upgrade of the original speed-cargo standard to SCF to provide a stable and faster-speed truck transport service. Operational aspects: Increase of 32 per cent in the number of main-line departures through the separation of bulk-in-turner and assembly-station break-ins.
The fast-moving product system is rich and covers a wide range of heavy loads. The company’s fast-moving products include fast-moving standards, large ticket deliveries, full-carrying, and Fong City. The bulk of the couriers (20kg-60kg), small tickets (60 kg-500 kg), large tickets (500 kg-) and large shares.
3t), whole-car transport (3t-10t). Thus, the company's fast-moving product lines are linked to the fast-moving market segments.
The two networks run by the company’s same management. The company’s Express and Express Transport Sections use a two-net model of “direct + Alliance” and two-way and two-way fast-carrying networks.
The scope of services for large products extends from individual and business scenes to production, agro-materials, etc., while at the same time expanding the scope of the full-scale transport, municipal distribution, large-package, etc., to provide a one-stop shop for clients through a multi-product mix to meet the demand for individualized and differentiated logistics delivery for clients at end-B. By the end of 2021, fast-track camps and federated network operations covered 32 provincial administrations throughout the country.
Region, 365 major cities and areas; 180 transit and distribution sites, more than 1,570 fast-track assembly stations with a total surface capacity of more than 4.16 million square metres, with a single day zero load peak of 74,000 tons. The overall volume of bulk and zero loads grew by 47.8 per cent, with 48.7 per cent in the direct network, 45.6 per cent in the consolidated network, and consistently leading the industry ' s entire network-wide 10,000-sized households.
The company’s fast-moving network is at the top of the industry. 3. The company’s fast-carrying market is at the top of the industry, with nps (net recommended value for users).
As a result, in 2021, the top 10 companies together accounted for 66.3 billion yuan, or 80 per cent of the total revenue of the top 30 companies (82.5 billion yuan), and the gap between the top and the tail business was widening.
In the first half of the year, the oil price boom and the spread of the epidemic, the demand for fast-moving goods, and the challenges posed by declining market capacity, rising costs, and falling returns. 2022h1, the company’s fast-carrying operations achieved tax-free operations.
In 2021, the company ' s fast-moving business portfolio achieved business income of $23.250 billion, with the same income of $13.15 billion, with the same income of $13.150 billion. The business sector ranked first in the first six months of the year, following a large service scene around the b end, building up a large professional service capacity, upgrading integrated competitiveness and customer experience.
4. In the context of the strategy of the powerful countries, there is a wide scope for the development of the zero-load road logistics market, which is nearly 3 trillion in size, with a 15 per cent compound increase and a significant market outlook. In 2020, our road zero-load logistics city recorded 39.139 billion tons of road cargo traffic, compared with 14.14 per cent in comparison, and a 6-year composite growth rate of cagr for 2015-2021.
In general, the free-rider market has a trillion-dollar size, and the Irene consultancy expects the network zero-weight market to rise to 15.7 per cent in 2025, and the network zero-weight income of 25.2 per cent in 2022-25, with wide potential for future development. In 2021, revenues from smooth, fast-trafficked shipments grew faster than the domestic average of more than 10,000 tons per day, with the city taking the lead.
(ii) Cold-lifting operations: “Little + Food + Medicine” product system, leading the industry by three product lines: “Little + Food + Medicine” and increasing capacity for cold-chain logistics services
From 2018 to date, the company’s cold transport business has been operated by “spirity” and “simple summer” in conjunction with “simple” and “simple summer” in August 2018, when the company completed the acquisition of 75% of America’s shareholdings.
There is a strong strengthening of the plate. The smooth transport and medicine operations consist mainly of three panels, namely, instantaneous mail, food transport, and medicine logistics.
Figure 61. Introduction to company pharmaceutical products. Corporate cold chain logistics service capacity is growing.1 Self-built and co-ordinated courier large network, which builds the cold chain “3+1” backbone network (silo network/ trunkline/endow distribution + inter-provincial network), which opened in 2021 in 193 cities, 1,061 districts, with 34 cold storage units and more than 23,000 serviceable colds.
Truck storage; 2 start-up cold warehouse automation project, which has been put into operation in 6 warehouses, reducing labour costs by 30 per cent. 2. Cold transport industry is in the lead, with a steady increase in the size of the harvest, and company cold transport operations are ranked top 10 in China’s cold chain logistics. According to the latest data released by the China-China Cold Chain Commission, our cold chain was in 2021.
In this context, the company has established a leading position in the market, setting a further increase in its future market share. The firm’s cold-ship business has increased at a combined rate of 42% for almost five years. 2022h1, the company’s cold-transported business plate collected $4.07 billion, compared to the comparable figure.
The demand for cold transport is expected to expand further as the income per capita rises and consumption rises.
In 2021, China ' s cold-chain logistics market reached 4,18.4 billion yuan, an increase of 9% from the previous year, with a higher potential for sustained growth. In 2021, China ' s cold-chain logistics market reached 4,18.4 billion yuan, a ratio of +9%.
The annual gross revenue of 69,470 million yuan, or 18.13 per cent of the industry, is a marked increase from 9.7 per cent in 2015. At the same time, the consumption habits associated with the net purchase of fresh foods and the integration of offline channels will boost industry demand for network-based cold-chain services, and the size and speed of China’s cold-chain logistics market will increase.
Figure 67. Size and growth of China’s raw electricity suppliers’ markets Overall, driven by rising consumption and rising demand for agricultural products, there will be a steady increase in future cold-chain logistics demand. Companies now receive less than $10 billion in cold operations, and there is much room for improvement in the city’s share, moving along with the company’s cold-chain logistics network.
(iii) Together with city operations: full-scale coverage to meet diverse immediate service needs 1. Epidemic accelerates the shift in consumption to a new consumer feature in the post-epidemiology era.
With the country’s total epidemic, the pre-epidemiological levels of disposable income and per capita consumption expenditure were largely restored in 2021, at a rate of about 35,000 yuan/year and 23,000 yuan/year, and are expected to rise further in the future.
Figure 69. Size and rate of increase in per capita consumption expenditure in China
The epidemic accelerates the up-and-down of the population’s consumption line, which has become a new feature of the post-epidemiological consumer environment. The combination of demand and supply pushes to the immediate outbreak of consumption in the same city during the epidemic. Even as the epidemic’s normalization phase of control is under way, below-line activity is recovering, and structural changes at the supply end and demand-side growth have made the down-and-down mode of delivery a new norm.
User research results, compared to the period before the outbreak in 2019, 67.1 per cent of users believe that the frequency of use of distribution platform services has increased, i.e., the requirement figure 70. Survey of user behaviour in the immediate distribution service industry Figure 71. The frequency of use of distribution platform services by users compared to the period prior to the outbreak
The rise of the instantaneous distribution industry has been accompanied by an increase in service provider performance and consumption, with consumption demand moving from a single takeout to a more diversified business scene within the same city, and from food and catering to fresh fruit and vegetables, rice paste, 3c digital.
As a third-party instantaneous distribution service platform, the City has since its inception focused on the operation of non-dinners, and is now one of the richest players in the immediate distribution industry to cover non-food scenes.
Technical services such as saas help businesses to settle their private-area flows and operate as users through a variety of marketing methods. Corporate co-operation is run mainly by the under-branch brand, “Suffières” which includes service options such as “help me deliver” and “help me buy” .
Shun Fong is on the first stage of the instant distribution platform, but there is still room for a higher rate of company ownership. Shun Fong has now grown to be China's largest third party, the instant delivery service platform. The immediate distribution industry has a clear headline effect, concentrated mainly on Shun Fong, the American Legs, and flashes. According to Erie's consulting data, catering is still the most important.
According to Ere, the company is the largest third-party provider of instantaneous delivery services, accounting for about 4.3 per cent in 2021, nearly four times the 1.2 per cent of the 2019 (Irie's consulting data).
Lead in creating a reputation and brand visibility among third-party instantaneous distribution service providers. Lead among third-party instantaneous distribution service providers. Chart 74. Comparison of the scope of operations of the platform, mainly instantaneous distribution
By contrast, as can be seen from the above comparison, the company, with its well-developed infrastructure and a more sophisticated delivery system, has been empowered through technology.
A number of measures can be taken, including: (a) optimizing service structures and expanding the range of service scenarios; (b) expanding network effects and economies of scale to improve operational efficiency through fine-tuning of operations and technological innovations, fully meeting differentiated distribution scenes and compliance requirements; (c) dispatching; (d) increasing the per capita effectiveness of riders throughout the day and reducing the average cost of single tickets; and (c) increasing the value of services to guarantee quality and stable consumption.
The company’s annual report shows that in 2021, the average time spent on distribution was about 30 minutes, with a daily time limit of about 299,000 payers per month, an increase of 31 per cent over the previous year, and a cumulative service brand of over 2900 clients.
4. The immediate distribution market is estimated to be about $100 billion, with a combined growth rate of 28 per cent over five years.
In 2021, the instantaneous distribution services sector ordered 27.9 billion orders, which were affected by the outbreak, and the immediate distribution services market recovered at a similar rate of 32.9%. In the future, as the immediate distribution services industry moved to a full-scale, full-time, full-time, and accelerated to become a basic service facility for local consumption.
95,788 million bills, with a compound growth rate of 28.0% in 2021-2026, the industry as a whole is still on a fast track. It is expected that third parties will receive more than 90% of the compound growth over the past four years from the company and the city’s business base, and that the speed of the increase will largely match the rate of user growth. In 2021, the company’s business with the city’s business group, the beebirds, had not yet achieved full monopoly over all the subsectors of the immediate distribution market.
In summary, the current market size of the immediate distribution market will continue to expand, with companies now having a relatively low market share, which is expected to increase if sound market policies are taken forward. As the re-engineering process is still in its nurturing phase, it is expected that profitability will take time to achieve it in the short term.
(iv) International operations: improvement of the layout of the international express air network, construction of the South-East Asian pole products, rich system of international business products, and efforts to provide supply chain solutions for imports and exports. The international portfolio of companies includes, inter alia, international bids, international preferences, sea purchases, international heavy cargo, overseas warehouses, international power suppliers
Comfortable international operations are aimed at providing easy and reliable international couriers, international power providers, international freight forwarders, international freight forwarders, international warehousing, bulk forwarding, etc. for domestic and foreign manufacturing firms, trading enterprises, cross-border power suppliers, and consumers, tailoring integrated supply chain solutions for imports and exports, including transport, customs clearance, delivery, warehousing, systems, to suit customer demand.
2. International logistics networks cover major global markets, with a steady increase in international business receipts. International logistics networks of companies cover major global markets.
Delivery operations cover 84 countries and regions abroad, with new exports from China to 11 countries, such as Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Egypt, Kenya, Morocco, as compared with late 2020; international electricity merchant parcel operations cover 225 countries and regions abroad; several countries across the globe have their own customs clearance points, integrating their own self-employment and agency resources, and serving major areas such as the irradiated Americas, South-East Asia, Europe, etc.
South Asia’s flow to international electricity dealers provides high-value door-to-door services to cross-border sellers. Meanwhile, in South-East Asian countries such as Thailand, Viet Nam, Malaysia, Cambodia, and Indonesia, where there is an overseas local delivery network, synergies with Gary’s logistics will help further expand the international distribution of the express delivery network.
In 2021, more than 30 all-cargo international express routes were operated, new Shenzhen to Los Angeles, Shenzhen to Bangkok, Wuhan to Hanoi, Chengdu to Dhaka, etc. In addition, overseas warehouses were deployed in a number of countries, including the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia, enabling companies to improve cross-border power vendor warehousing and international supply chain and overseas localization operations.
Corporate international operations grew significantly in 2021. In 2021, corporate supply chains and international operations achieved tax-free operating income of $39.20 billion, an increase of 199.8 per cent over the previous year.
3. The market for cross-border logistics is wide-ranging, and the high growth of cross-border power suppliers leads to an incremental market of more than $100 billion in our international courier market. In 2021, our international and commercial courier market generated $11,67.5 billion in revenues and 2,204 million in fast-delivering transactions, an increase of +14.63 per cent compared to the same period. In 2016-2021, our combined five-year increase in international courier revenue was recorded.
As our cross-border exports tend to move towards larger export volumes, more export categories, and higher unit prices, our cross-border suppliers and market purchases have expanded rapidly in recent years, and according to General Customs data, our cross-border exports and imports of electricity suppliers reached 1.98 trillion yuan in 2021, an increase of 15 per cent;
In general, under the new crown, China has actively seized the opportunity to optimize the upgrading of its manufacturing industry. High-value Chinese manufacturing will be on the global market in the future, logistics demand will be strong, and cross-border logistics markets will be 100 million grades.
(v) Supply chain operations: digital enabler operations, customized smart supply chain solutions 1. Acquisitions to learn from global best companies to move into digital supply chain markets
The framework of the supply chain operational services system has been largely constructed. Thanks to the full product matrix and integrated logistics services capabilities in the areas of courier, express, cold, warehousing, inter-city, international, etc., combined with the mixed M & As (formerly “soon dhl”) and the new summer stubble, which have gained a wealth of leading experience in the supply chain, the smooth services have infiltrated the procurement, production, circulation, sale and sale of a wide range of industries.
Afterward, complete supply chain links, end-to-end one-stop supply chain solutions with industry characteristics are provided to clients.
Garry Logistics, New Summers, focused on fast-discharge and retailing,
• Focusing on catering and food companies • In global integrated logistics services, automobiles, life sciences and medicine,
Industry provides cold-chain logistics and supplies to industry and goods High technology, engineering and industry
Chain-based solutions, in the cold chain industries of technology, medicine, food and manufacturing, for customers
1st Logistics Team, “China Beverage, Fashion and Precision, Procurement from Raw Materials, Production, Warehouses
"Fool chain logistics number four." Electronics technology, fast-out products, gas storage, transport to import/export clearance.
In 2021, there was a steady build-up of the cold warehouse, cars, etc., of custom-made clients and last kilometre distribution end.
Integrated logistics solutions, together with construction, run 44 end-of-services nationwide.
Rapidly flowing cold-chain logistics are in industrial project logistics, including agriculture, home, and the economy.
Heart, combined with new customers in such industries as trunk lines, feeder lines, border e-commerce, global supply, communications, etc.
The city is equipped to provide specialized services in multiple domains such as cold chaining planning and implementation.
2. The logistics market has a trillion yuan and efficiency space, and the digital supply chain is the ideal solution. China has upgraded its position in the international production landscape, demanding a higher degree of digitalization of the supply chain. Over the last two decades or so, China has significantly increased its position in the international production landscape and has become a central node in the Asian region.
On the other hand, the complexity of the business chain and the apparent diversity of business patterns make it difficult and time-consuming to upgrade digitally. Overall, the overall quality and efficiency of the domestic supply system still do not match the demand structure, with excess supply at the lower end and insufficient production capacity at the middle end, making it difficult for consumers to meet their increasingly diversified and high-quality consumer demand, which has given rise to the urgent need to upgrade supply-side reforms.
Since the 1990s, our social logistics costs have been on the overall downward trend, but they are still well above those of the advanced countries of Europe and the United States, reflecting a significant improvement in our logistics efficiency. With the impact of the epidemic and the global economy, our digital economy grew by 9.7% in 2020.
The White Paper on China ' s Digital Economic Development, which added 31.7 trillion yuan in digital value to our industry in 2020, accounted for 80.9 per cent of the digital economy and 31.2 per cent of gdp. Figure 83. 2015-2025e China ' s logistics expenditure
Figure 84. Central American logistics costs as a percentage of gdp China logistics costs 14.9 trillion yuan in 2020, or 14.6 per cent of gdp. For the United States of America, if efficiency gains in the logistics industry are promoted through a series of specializations and digitalization measures, the country ' s cost of gdp is 114.37 trillion yuan in 2021, assuming that the cost of logistics is down by two.
Over the next five years, structural changes on the supply side will deepen. We will work to break through the domestic cycle, break through supply constraints, break through production, distribution, circulation, and consumption, and the logistics industry will accelerate the formation of an internal outreach and safe and efficient logistics network through innovative means such as digital transformation.
In this context, and as a high-level form of logistics industry development, supply chain sector markets that optimize efficiency and help enterprises achieve efficiency gains are larger and promising. Third-party logistics and supply chain penetration levels have the potential to further improve.
But third-party logistics service providers will have different technical capabilities, and their respective technical capabilities will vary considerably in the logistics chain The depth and breadth of supply chain digital services will vary considerably, and industry maturity and concentration will need to be further enhanced.
In 2020, out of the country ' s total social logistics cost of 14.9 trillion yuan, outsourcing logistics (third party logistics) was 6.5 trillion yuan, or 43.9 per cent. The size of integrated supply chain logistics was 2.03 trillion yuan, compared to third party logistics expenditure.
Overall, the implementation of supply chain management can lead to lower transport costs and lower operating costs across the supply chain. Currently, the supply chain industry in China is still in its early stages and is well-growing. By business model and core competitiveness, it is divided mainly into supply chain integrated logistics enterprises, supply chain traders, supply chain integrated advisory and value-added service enterprises.
Logistics service providers and logistics Internet enterprises have become more competitive and potentially leading digital supply chain service providers. As a high-quality integrated logistics leader, companies have now completed the layout of various logistics tracks with surge capacity in the area of digital supply chains.
[volume]: Given that the company statute of limitations consists mainly of three parts: business correspondence, personal bulk, high-end power lines (including refunds), with high-end consumption properties, we assume that the rate of increase in the statute of limitations is relevant to macroeconomic increases. [Māori ratio], the company began to develop its economic portfolio in 2014, so the company ' s business structure in 2013 was basically a single statute of limitations.
At the beginning of the period of use, the company ' s prescription rate may have been temporarily reduced owing to a shift in route, but with the release of the Axis airport capacity, the company has gradually adapted to the “axis irradiation” business model, the Māori rate or a significant increase, assuming 2022-2025, the Māori rate of the company ' s statute of limitations is [volume]: the company ' s economy is operated by three components: smooth speed (continuum), high speed transport (consistency), warehousing and silo services
The economy is mainly oriented towards electricity providers, with 21-year corporate economy operations increasing by +54.7% and 3-year capr+16.52%, with high growth. Fast-forwarding is a direct-camp model with a higher time frame and a higher unit rate, taking into account the outbreak in the first half of 2022.
Taking into account the fact that the ratio of two parts to the share of fast-moving operations is expected to rise to 15.7 per cent in 2025, and 25.2 per cent in 2022-25, the net zero-weight income cagr added to the “four-net accommodation” strategy, the company's base-line route was improved optimally and the fast-moving blocks benefited significantly, assuming that the negative impact of the 2023-2025 epidemic was mitigated, smooth movement, i.e., straight-line fast-moving operations increased at an accelerated rate.
[Māori rate]: In 2020, the company’s fast-moving plates were largely balanced in profit and loss. After the “four-net integration”, the speed-line loading rate was mentioned. [Boards]: the company’s cold-moving modules consist of three components: raw mail, food, medicine, cold-lift, assuming that the three components are 64 per cent, 18 per cent, and 18 per cent respectively. Considering the size of the cold-chain logistics market in 2021, the country reached $418.4 billion, compared to the comparable figure.
Twenty-two years of smooth and cold transport are more seriously affected by the outbreak, falling from 21 years, and the 23-24 annual recovery, taking into account past history. [Māori rate]: From 2020, the company’s cold transport business has been largely lost. Considering that the company’s cold transport business is already in a profitable position, with the rule: Based on the study of trends in the Chinese immediate distribution industry in 2022, published by the Irei consultation, the delivery services were distributed instantaneously in 2026.
[Māori rate]: As of 2021, the Māori rate of company-to-city operations was 1.2%, and we believe that the current co-city-to-city market has formed an oligopoly situation and that the US and Hummingbirds continue to expand with a leading advantage. Companies, as new entrants, have taken advantage of competition from the industry.
The size of the cross-border electricity supplier’s export market will reach 15.1 trillion yuan, compared to 26.6% in the 2020-2025 cagr, which highlights high industry growth in the context of the epidemic. The international business performance and scope of the company’s acquisition of Gary’s logistics has improved significantly, with global economic instability, supply and demand imbalances, geopolitical tensions, and disease control and fiscal policies in different countries continuing to disrupt and disrupt supply chains around the globe in the first half of 2022.
Supply chains, coupled with the recovery of shipping and air freight costs from peak levels, plus the impact of macroeconomic weakness. Assumptions for 2023-2025, Jali Logistics [Māori Rates]: As of 2021, corporate cross-border Māori operations were positive and profitable. Considering that, with the company ' s largest operations, the requirement of 1.
This will have a greater impact on the company ' s business performance, and the demand for prescriptions is linked to the pace of economic growth, the current downward trend in the global economy is evident, the domestic economy is not fully recovering from the epidemic, there is more uncertainty about the future, and there is a risk of delays in the company ' s prescription operations if the recovery is not on track.
Risks arising from the Express Price War. In 2021, a “price war” was waged by courier companies to capture their market share, which led to a rapid deterioration in the competitive dynamics of the industry and a significant decline in the performance of the firms concerned, which could have a negative impact on their operations in the future if they resumed the price war.
3. Risks associated with the expansion of production capacity in new business development. The company acquired Garrey logistics last year to expand international operations, and if future Garret logistics performance falls significantly, M & A creates goodwill or risks impairment, and in 2021 the company increased some capital expenditure as a result of the expansion of new business, and if it does not produce better benefits or a negative impact on the company ' s operations in the future during the new business development period
4. Risks arising from changes in courier logistics policy. There are also a number of current problems in the express delivery sector, such as the charging of fees or price wars, which may also have a negative impact on the operations of courier companies if the State changes its policies on express logistics.