Big banks (601818): wealth management, cloud payment, unlocking growth potential, increasing profitability
Large banks have a solid foundation, and the quality of their management continues to optimize. The two niches of wealth management and cloud payment are expected to enter the period of continuous release of performance, driving the growth of profitability.
China's Grand Bank was established in August 1992 as a country's wealth management business: continuous innovation, creating a competitive advantage. The wealth management industry is still in high school and has been approved by the People's Bank of China.
Long-term. On this track, large banks are strategically positioned to continuously optimize their performance, retailing national share-based commercial banks with their headquarters in Beijing. China’s aum, public fpa, industrial gmv indicators are drawn on to create a first-class wealth management silver.
In August 2010, big banks were listed and listed. The competitive advantage of big banks’ wealth management operations has been consolidated, notably through the optimization of institutional mechanisms and their listing in Hong Kong’s joint delivery in December 2013.
The product system is comprehensive, driven by innovation, and the channels are wide-ranging.
Agility, technology, eco-economy, with the number of clients and the aum growth expected to lead the industry average, leading to an increase in the middle of the harvest, which is the bright eye of the company, integration, specialization, lightening, digitalization, and the growth of the industry.
Innovations in fast-track products, channels and service modes, in wealth management, in cloud-paying operations: pre-existing advantages, and the potential for users to realize. Large banks have developed stronger markets for early involvement in the contributory industry and financial science and technology.
After many years of sedimentation and development, it has become China’s largest open-ended contributory platform, with a cumulative contribution of 560 million people. The range of contributory projects continues to be rich and geographically wide. We believe that the cloud contribution industry has a competitive advantage, resulting in balanced business development and risk management.
In addition, companies are strengthening their own channels of contribution to the cloud.
The Bureau has built the social fabric of the first-class wealth management bank, and the rate of direct client conversion has been increasing. This year, the cloud contribution platform has accelerated the ecological construction of “life plus microfinance”, embedded in the landscape of wealth management and life services, and we believe that the cloud contribution business has been achieved through customer integration.
The potential for liquidity realization is enormous, and the combined rate of revenue growth for the middle-income, sedimentary deposits and resale operations is expected: financial analysis: continuously optimized structure and asset quality. In recent years, the gap between the profitability of large banks and their counterparts has gradually narrowed and is now at the middle level of equity.
A steady increase in the share of money in total assets and retail loans in loans is expected to have an impact on asset returns at the downside of hedge interest rates; at the end of the debt, a combination of measures to increase the proportion of current deposits is expected to improve the cost of the liability; at the end of the debt, the pressure on future interest differentials will be reduced.
The bank strategy is driven by a higher share of non-interest income, a more diversified revenue structure, and a better contribution to wealth management. The quality of assets has improved: in recent years, companies have increased their disposal of bad write-offs, strengthened their smart wind control capabilities, achieved significant clean-up of risks, and are currently at the lowest level of asset quality indicators in recent years.
Increased countervailing capacity, with credit costs expected to decrease steadily. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: moderate interest differential pressure based on steady growth in size, equity of asset quality b/h (million shares)
In terms of the forecast for steady progress and rising rates in the middle, we expect a net return profit in 2022-2024 to be about 0.53 in the center of the big bank pb (lf) for the last two years, and the average pb (lf) of the current listed share-stock bank shows that there is more room for valuation restoration than the plate. In the medium and long term, we believe that corporate wealth management is more likely.
The cloud-paying business will continue to unleash growth potential, and the increase in profitability is expected to open up room for upward valuations. Maintain a “strongly recommended” rating, camp; unexpected changes in regulatory policy, etc.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
On this track, large banks are strategically positioned, business competitively consolidated, and are now characterized by an optimal institutional system, a comprehensive product system, a drive for innovation, and a space for outreach. Looking ahead, we believe that large banks’ wealth to manage customers and aum will continue to grow at a faster pace, leading to higher incomes and become prominent business cards for banks.
1.1 The wealth management industry in our country is still high and long. From an industry perspective, the accumulation of wealth among the population, increased awareness of wealth management and the development of capital markets will drive the wealth management industry into a rapid development phase.
According to data from the Chinese Private Wealth Report 2021, the total size of investable assets held by individuals in China reached 241 trillion in 2020, and the combined growth rate for 2018-2020 was 13%, returning to double-digit growth. At the same time, the population’s willingness to save and the need for wealth management continued to decline.
According to the SCS, the proportion of financial assets in the population at the end of 2019 was on the end of 2000: capital market financial products are becoming more abundant. As domestic capital markets develop and financial openness is expanding, financial products are becoming more abundant.
Figure 1: Size and speed of personal investable assets (by calibre)
In 2019, big money was officially opened to finance the country’s first shares; in the same year, the big group proposed a new strategy to create a “six-large e-sbu biosphere” in which wealth e-sbu took a leading role.
In 2021, companies accelerated the promotion of new patterns of segmentation, concentration, specialization in marketing, building new competitive advantages for the integration of investment banks, and building high-quality, high-quality corporate finance with a distinctive feature of wealth management banks.
Since then, large banks have maintained strategic strategism, upgraded tactical tactics, and the characteristics of wealth management have become more apparent. We believe that the features of large banks’ wealth management are mainly characterized by the optimization of institutional mechanisms, a comprehensive product system, adherence to innovation-driven approaches, and a wide range of channels.
Since the Bank has defined its strategy, it has continued to optimize its performance appraisal and pay management system, improve its wealth management workforce, and have laid the groundwork for a successful transformation of its wealth management. According to the disclosure of the Open Day, one third of the investment in microfinance comes from securities dealers, public funds, insurance, etc., and the research team is experienced and competent.
The research-investment architecture continuously upgrades team expertise, building multi-asset, all-weather investment platforms and service capabilities, and providing a comprehensive product system for investors (2). The optical property system is gradually being improved and a system of “seven-coloured” net-value products is being developed, with seven colours of sunlight, namely, “red orange gold” and blue purple, representing stock groups, mixed strategy groups, fixed-income groups, cash management categories, alternative assets, private equity groups, etc.
By the end of June, the balance of sunny finance net-value property was $11,41411 million, representing 96.27 per cent of the total amount of sunny finance. In addition, in September 2021, a pilot pension fund was awarded to one of the first four financial subsidiaries, which helped to enrich their product systems and enhance their competitive advantages.
By the end of June 2022, the unenforceable financial balance of large banks was 1,185,323 million, an increase of 11.02 per cent from the end of the previous year, the size of which was in the public stock market.
In 2004, Grand Bank launched the first silver in the whole market and the People's Monetary Fund's “Sunshine Treasury” programme for property, which, thanks to pre-existing advantages and sustained product innovation, kept its financial operations growing faster and managed its financial balance at the top of the stock line. In 2016, companies increased risk control, strictly non-standardized entry, and managed the financial balance at a slower rate; in 2017,
Corporate finance regulation has become more stringent, companies have taken the initiative to reduce corporate finance, and the balance of money has declined. Following the introduction of the new regulations for financial management for 2018, companies have been actively revalued to introduce the first-ever net-valued property that fully conforms to the new regulations, thereby taking advantage of the market. In 2019, the RDR subsidiary was allowed to open and become an important force in the strategic transformation of wealth management.
Innovation management mechanisms are improved to respond more quickly to client integration and individualization needs. Companies continue to improve innovation management mechanisms, strengthen innovation guidance and incentives, and build new patterns of online and sub-lined innovation development.
The first bank is a money market-type property, a real-time treasure, and the first active, managed pension fund property, a sunny one.
The first Quantified Sunshine Merit Acquisition Fund Property 2014-2016
In recent years, companies have continued to improve their tiered, group-based operations, and have strengthened public and private sectors.
For example, big money brings up healthy eco-cities through piloting of old-age property, including large-age old-age communities, cloud contributions, old-age pension insurance, youth tourism, etc., all-round digging around finance, well-being and health care.
As of 1h22, the number of retail customers in Grand Bank is 1.47 trillion, the second in the stock line; retail customers aum is $2.31 trillion.
The average growth rate of retail customers and retail aum is 14.9 per cent and 13.5 per cent, respectively.
In 2008, the Great Bank began its contribution business and officially launched the brand “Gwang Da Yun” in 2014, after years of sedimentation and development, which has become China's largest open-ended pay-off platform. The Big Cloud contribution integrates various types of contributory services, channels, payment clearing functions, and gradually complicates and complicates the process.
At the same time, a uniform output standard has been developed, opening up a wide range of partners in the agency’s contributory services, including financial partners, payers, Internet platforms, etc. The ease with which users pay has been significantly improved, as well as the efficiency with which the industry operates upstream and downstream, saving social time and resources.
Specifically, at the end of b: Reciprocalization of various types of contributory services, fee units, including basic civic services (water, electricity, combustion, heating, etc.), social services (property, rental, parking, etc.), industrial services (education, medical, transport, etc.), government services (non-tax, tax, social security, etc.). At the end of the line: Services of major contributors to clients and customers through their own counters or external channels (including networks such as payment treasures, micro-letters, financial peer channels, government platforms, etc.).
Figure 8: Figure 2.1 Co-operation of two platforms, with flexible and efficient management mechanisms. The cloud collection platform is operated jointly by the Ministry of Digital Finance and Cloud Life of the Greater Light Bank and the China Cloud Payment Technology Corporation.
• Grand Bank ' s Department of Digital Finance and Cloud Life: at the head office level, the strategic planning, product design, platform building, management appraisal, project expansion, business promotion, etc., is primarily responsible for cloud payment operations. In terms of institutional set-up, from the initial cloud contribution business team, the secondary sector, to the head office, the cloud life business department, the cloud contribution structure has been upgraded and the strategic position has been continuously upgraded.
Fees, mobile bank apps, and the creation of self-employment platforms, which combine the Ministry of Cloud Life with the Ministry of Digital Finance, created the Department of Digital Finance and Cloud Life. The Department of Clouds is responsible for all-office digital finance-related work, including cloud payment operations, private, on-line platform development, and scenery finance.
In the area of business expansion, science and technology companies are responsible for the expansion of some of the emerging sectors, such as teaching, travel, etc.. In the area of project promotion, they are more flexible in their cost mechanisms, supporting projects more quickly and effectively through the investment of pre-cost resources.
In terms of workforce supplementation, the STC personnel supplementation mechanism is more flexible, market-based, and can quickly supplement the cloud payers’ workforce. In 2021, HDR’s wholly-owned subsidiary financed 51% of the cloud payer’s shares, further promoting efficient synergies between the head office and the technology company.
Figure 9: Big Cloud contribution operating organizational structure 2.2 The country's largest open payout platform, with a strong competitive advantage, has achieved rapid growth in the number of users and transaction amounts of Big Clouds, thanks to the continued abundance of contribution varieties and open payment channels.
By the end of 2021, there were 565 million subscribers, with a compound annual growth rate of 30.71% in 2018-2021. Small-scale contributory services; and, by the end of June 2022, 13,354 projects for cumulative access to the cloud contributory platform, an increase of 8.90% over the same period.
The fee-for-services platform is therefore less willing to replace the platform and is highly sticky with its clients. The cloud-for-money platform, which has been involved in the contribution market earlier, has become the largest open-paying platform, with advantages of scale and pre-emption, and other competitors are more difficult to capture.
By the end of June 2022, 703 platforms had been cumulatively exported, an increase of 5.24%. Channel operators could access the platform’s contribution services to their own flow portals by providing a unified api.
An open operating model helps cloud payment platforms to reach customers at the end of c efficiently, creating large and dynamic Eastern financial and intellectual sources 2.3 Deepening user integration, with great potential for liquidity realization
The collection of fees and deposits is expected to grow steadily as the variety of contributions continues to diversify and the number of users improves. At the same time, the collection of fees and charges is expected to increase steadily.
In recent years, cloud contribution platforms have been building up their own channels, increasing the rate of conversion of platform users; embedded wealth management, life-service settings, and liquidity realization through customer integration. In our view, cloud contribution operations have great potential for liquidity realization through customer integration, and are expected to sustain a 20% or more increase in the combined income of middle-income, sediment deposits, and resale operations. Specifically:
Revenue from fees and charges: cloud fees are earned mainly by charging fee units (in proportion to the number of transactions or the amount of the transaction), access fees (one-time) and service fees (annually) charged to channel partners. Of this, transaction amounts are charged with a higher share of fees and revenues. In 2020, cloud contribution operations achieved $585 million in intermediate operations, representing an increase of 37 per cent.
The driving force comes from the continued abundance of the types of contributory projects and the steady growth in the number of users of the contributions. Repository deposits are deposited: in cooperation with the contribution business, the unit of charge and channel agencies open accounts in the big bank, contributing to the deposit of the call account. The deposit in the first half of 2022 is close to 20% faster than the relative increase.
The source of financial growth in the East, user transformation and other income generated by integrated operations: Strengthening the cloud’s own channels to pay its own contributions, linking clients to faster growth.
In recent years, the cloud payer platform has been strengthening its own channels and increasing the efficiency of its users' conversion to direct customers (using cloud pay apps or small-course sequences). The main focus of the current user conversion is on meeting user demand for rigid and personalized contributions, including flexible self-insurance services, tuition fees, etc. for both industry and urban and rural residents.
By the end of June 2022, the cloud contribution platform had reached 1.23 trillion direct customers (direct use of cloud fee apps or small programs), a compound growth rate of over 400% in 2019-1h22, and a rising rate of conversion of user contributions to direct customers.
Eco-building, embedded in wealth finance, niches, and the completion of online docking of products, including finance, funds, insurance, and small, easy-to-reach, inclusive financial products. It is expected that, as the platform’s capacity and product interface are improved, it will be possible to further transform the client of the contributions into a bank customer and receive it through the contribution of the wealth management business.
3. Financial analysis: continuously optimized structure, asset quality at 3.1-roe is on average in the equity business, and profit growth loops have increased in the first half of the year
The profit-making gap between large banks and their counterparts has gradually narrowed and is now at the middle level. In 2013-2018, big banks followed the same trend as the industry, slowly dropping down; splits show that both the roa and equity multipliers have fallen down. Since 2019, the difference between corporate roe and industry averages are slightly lower than industry averages in the fifth column.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources of 1h22 light-bank roe are slightly below the industry average, with high end-of-debt costs being a major drag; lower management costs and provisioning are making a positive contribution. 1h22 big bank roe is slightly lower than the average equity bank, mainly because roa is below the average.
Net interest income/average total assets are 1.86 per cent below the equity bank average; interest expenditure/average total assets are -2.03 per cent below the equity bank average; interest income/average total assets are 3.89 per cent against the equity bank average. net fees and commissions/average total assets are 0.49 per cent against the equity bank average. (2) Cost control is effective, with management costs/average total assets being - 0.62 per cent below the equity bank average.
With the improvement in asset quality, lower credit costs also support profitable growth. The East’s financial and intellectual booms have been generally smooth since the beginning of the year, and second-quarter revenues and profit growth have been slightly restored.
+3.8 +3.8 +0.2 + 2.0 + minor repairs compared to the first quarter. Dismantling: 1) small repairs at the end of the second quarter: net-interest income ratio + 1.3 pct, which benefits mainly from active lending; net-interest income + 1.9 pc. 2) overall improvement at the end of the expenditure line is 1.1 %, lower than the growth rate of the camp, which supports growth in profitability.
Looking to the future, there is scope to increase the cost of liabilities and intermediate operating income. As the dividends of the deposit rate-pricing mechanism reform continue to be released, it will help to improve the cost of deposits and optimize the structure of corporate liabilities on a continuous basis, and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities is expected to decline.
The difference between net interest differentials and equity has gradually narrowed, and assets and liabilities have improved relatively. For the past decade, the overall level of net interest differentials at large banks has been lower than equity parity, but since 2018, the difference between average shares has gradually narrowed. 1h22 net gains have been 2.06%, and 6th place in the list of shares (in 2017, the source of financial prosperity in the East)
(1) Asset end: dynamic retail business, asset structure optimization The ratio of loans, especially high-yield retail loans, has steadily increased. Since 2017, the ratio of bank loans alone has increased steadily, with a balanced retail lending structure at the end of 2016, balancing risks and returns.
The share was 16.7 per cent and 12.8 per cent, respectively; consumer loans and business loans accounted for 5.9 per cent and 6.7 per cent respectively; since 2020, companies have taken the initiative to tighten credit cards, and credit card ratios have declined. In the first half of the year, the demand for credit from the population was relatively weak, with companies increasing their lending to individual businesses, representing a 16.9 per cent increase in the first half of the year.
On balance, large bank lending as a share of total assets and retail lending as a share of loans have increased steadily. Continued optimization of the asset structure is expected to affect the impact of downswings on asset yields.
Figure 27: Changes in the personal loan structure of large banks 2012-1h22: Changes in the new personal loan structure of large banks 2012-1h22 (2) End of liability: high ratio of term deposits and room for improvement in the liability structure
However, the ratio of time deposits to deposits remains high, especially at the enterprise level, and the cost of deposits has much scope for improvement. Optimized deposit structure is included, and the cost of liabilities is expected to go down.
If demand deposits continue to improve, the cost of public debt is expected to go down, and interest differentials narrow or significantly lower. East’s financial and intellectual booms are a source of revenue.
Figure 31: Changes in the ratio of deposits of all types of large banks in 2012 - 1h22, as a result of the strategy of “building a first-class wealth management bank”, the share of non-interest income of large banks has been increasing in recent years. The ratio of non-interest income of 1h22 is 27.8 per cent, an increase of 4.5 per cent over 2019; it is now at the middle of the list.
In terms of fee-for-service income structure, the ratio of revenue to finance and agent business has gradually increased. Since the strategic vision of “building a first-class wealth management bank” was clarified in 2018, the share of revenue to finance services and agent business contributed to the middle business has gradually increased, the percentage to bank cards has steadily declined, and the inter-firm business structure has become more diversified.
Figure 35: Large bank charges and commission revenue structure for 2013 - 1h22
3.4 The quality of assets has improved and credit costs have been downgraded. Increased write-off efforts, enhanced smart wind control capacity, poor rates, concern and overdue rates have dropped to almost seven years of the lowest level. Since 2018, the Bank has intensified its write-off efforts and the rate of write-off and transfer has remained high; the cumulative write-off of non-performing loans of 2018-1h22 is 2012 million, with significant exposures.
In the end of June 2022, the banks of the Great Light showed poor performance, concern, delays of 1.24 per cent, 1.84 per cent and 1.96 per cent, respectively, falling to their best levels since 2015, stocks and potential adverse pressures.
The quality of the assets is expected to remain stable in the light of the relatively small exposure and risk profile of the public real estate sector. The breakdown by industry shows a downward trend of 1.02 per cent in late June, a decrease of 6bp compared to the beginning of the year. There has been an increase in the rate of bad public loans, mainly due to credit risk in the real estate sector, with 1.49 per cent in late June and 5bp higher than at the beginning of the year.
Millions, or 5.3% of all loans, are lower than the equity bank average. We believe that real estate sector risks have less impact on overall asset quality, and that real estate is expected to stabilize as property policy easing has become more intensive and intense in the recent past, helping to ease the pressure on the loan’s asset quality.
Figure 42: 1h22 Large Banks have seen an increase in the rate of bad lending to public real estate: Figure 43: Large Banks have a relatively low share of public real estate loans and continue to press down risk offset capacity. Since 2016, corporate provision coverage has been rising year by year, from a low of 152 per cent to June 2022
4. Profit projections: wealth management, cloud contributions are expected to continue to boost the harvest, growth is expected The strategic positioning of large banks for wealth management is clear, the competitive edges of operations are being consolidated, with a strong emphasis on institutional excellence, a comprehensive product system, adherence to innovation drivers, and a wide range of outlets. Sunshine finance, cloud fees, etc., have continued to strengthen brand advantages; retail customers and aum are expected to grow faster.
Led by a gradual recovery of real financing needs. Loans are expected to expand steadily and faster, particularly in manufacturing, green finance, and inclusive lending.
Since this year, companies have been dynamically optimizing deposit operations and volume management strategies, identifying savings cost optimization targets, taking measures to increase the proportion of current deposits. Meanwhile, the cost of the liabilities is expected to decrease as the deposit rate pricing mechanism reforms continue to release dividends. The asset-end retail business continues to optimize the asset structure, and it is expected that some of the hedge interest rates will yield returns on assets.
(3) No interest rate: This is accompanied by an acceleration in the transformation of wealth management, with the potential for growth. Large banks’ wealth management strategies are well-defined, and competitive advantages are being consolidated, with a strong focus on institutional excellence, a comprehensive product system, adherence to innovation drivers, and a wide range of channels. In our view, large banks (4) cost: With reduced efficiency and technological performance, corporate management costs are expected to continue to improve, with cost revenues projected to improve over time.
(5) Credit costs: Given the continuous improvement in the quality of the company’s assets, there is little potential for negative pressure; in recent years, there has been an active provision, with a larger provision. In the medium and long term, we believe that corporate wealth management and cloud-paying operations will continue to unleash growth potential, and that increased profitability is expected to open up the scope for valuations.
The economic downturn has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets; the continued spread of the epidemic has seriously affected normal operations; unexpected changes in regulatory policies; and so forth.
Grand Bank (601818): wealth management, cloud fees unlocked growth potential, profitability increased over time, the source of financial prosperity in the East
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Large banks (601818): The management of wealth, cloud fees, unleashing growth potential, and raising profitability without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.