The rate of tax-exempt income is slowing down and the cost of operating the satellite hall is rising.
1295 million yuan, a 16 per cent increase in the same year; q1-q3, the company achieved revenue of $8.2 billion, a 19 per cent increase in the same year; and the rate of growth of regional line passengers slowed down to absorb tax-free rental income q3 flights increased slightly by 2 per cent in the same year, while the volume of passenger throughput increased by only 3 per cent in the same year, owing to regional line passengers
There has been a significant decline in the rate of upswing. As regional line passengers are more willing to shop at Pudong Airport than Japanese-Korean passengers, the slowdown in the rate of upswing in the O3 region has caused a certain drag on the rate of tax-free sales at Pudong Airport, where the rate of upswing in single-month sales has dropped to 10% in August-September, a marked slowdown of 30% + in the first half of the year.
The pace of increased duty-free sales at Jia Pudong airport will still take some time: on the one hand, while the situation in Hong Kong is currently under control, it will take time to restore confidence in Hong Kong among Mainland passengers; on the other hand, the q4 Satellite Agency's new tax-free shop is still in a process of climbing. Moreover, there is no significant amount of money available at Jigdong Airport in the winter spring.
The Civil Aviation Authority started to upgrade Puradong Airport time capacity as early as the summer and autumn season of 2020.
q3 produces operating costs of 1.33 billion, Ring increases of 190 million, Māori increases of 51.7 per cent, ring decreases of 5.8 pct, mainly due to the satellite office's post-natal delivery, which increased the company's fixed assets from $8.2 billion to $20 billion, resulting in higher depreciation. In addition, the company's current costs have remained stable, with investment returns being partially offset by a 20 per cent increase in the associated company's earnings.
As the country's highest-quality hub airport, duty-free sales at the long-term Shanghai airport are still significant, and we expect that the revenue from duty-free sales at Pudong airport will reach over $30 billion within the foreseeable time frame (detailed estimates Shanghai airport (60009): there has been a steady increase in non-air revenue.
Attention is drawn to the fact that during the second half of the year, the satellite hall came into production, tax-free sales were not as expected; growth was not as high as expected; and the airport, after the tax-free opening of the city, was free of charge; Shanghai airport (60009): q1 performance growth was tax-free.
Business-driven, year-round growth is expected to sustain the airline’s work on equity investments. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,