The company reviews the insurance industry, profits continue to be released, and the value of the new business grew by 21.9%.
1) The company's performance is excellent as profits continue to be released, net gains are increasing by nearly 70 per cent on a year-on-year basis, faster at one latitude and the impact of the update of the traditional risk reserve discount rate assumption.
2. Business structures continue to be optimized, with a 21.9 per cent increase in the value of new operations. Companies further accelerated their roll-out and business structures continued to be optimized in 2017.
The first-year premium of $6,6003 million, an increase of 28.5 per cent, and the first-year premium of Pida, the company focused on the growth of value and contributed to a sustained increase in business value. The company’s first-year new business in 2017, valued at $60.12 billion, was 21.9 per cent more than the previous year, benefited mainly from a sustained increase in the value of the new business.
In 2017, the company's sales force totalled 2,025,000 people, a net increase of 211,000 people, and a risk channel.
1578 million people, an increase of 5.6 per cent compared to the end of 2016, and 29.8 per cent for all seasons) benefited from structural increases in interest rates up and in blue equity, resulting in a significant increase in returns on investment, a significant increase in bond yields in 2017, a marked structural increase in blue equity, and corporate capture.
The interest rate rises, fixed-income asset allocation increases, and equity investments increase proportionately. Bonds 4) joint ventures have a clear synergy and are active in building “Scientific Life” companies for the transformation of companies. The synergies between companies and investment consortia have been significant.
The investment returns for IBRD are $4.186 billion, the surrogates have increased by 42 per cent and 100 per cent on the same basis for new policy premiums and first-year premiums, respectively, while companies have also offered a full range of financial products and services solutions for their clients through IBRD. In addition, in 2017, the company accelerated "Technology"
The pace of construction is centred around the construction goal of “customer-centred, Internet-based and artificial intelligence-based, responsive, safe and secure” and basically a “new generation of integrated business processing systems” and a strong push for the transformation of corporate management.
On the basis of this, the national life health platform has been launched, while increasing customer satisfaction through the continuous enrichment of service content, upgrading of basic service capabilities, and increasing of customer satisfaction. Companies, as leaders of life insurance, have a secure market share in the country’s life-risk industry.
The company, while maintaining its value growth orientation, has increased its support for technological transformation by building a “national life of science and technology”, helping to upgrade the company’s business management system, enhancing service capacity, and optimizing client experience. We keep looking at the future of the company.