Growth in size, profit release, and structural optimization are expected to support value enhancement, China ' s 2017 annual report stocktaking summary report/non-bank finance
On 22 March, China ' s life report 2017 was released, and the company achieved annual revenues of 653,3195 million yuan, an increase of 18.8 per cent over the same year, and insurance revenues of 51,196 million yuan, an increase of 18.9 per cent over the same year, resulting in a net profit of 32.253 billion yuan to the mother, an improvement in the cost structure of the same year, an increase in the return on investment, and an increase in profits in line with expectations.
\triangleright ' s premium size exceeded $500 billion in 2017, with a significant increase in net profits of 68.6 per cent becoming a bright spot, mainly as a result of: 1) enhanced control of administrative costs and reduced operating and management rates from 6.0 per cent in 2016 to 5.8 per cent:2)
The unit is expected to continue to improve its value by improving its operational structure, increasing the size of its staff, and ensuring that it returns.
At the end of the year, the total sales force stood at 2,025,000 people, representing a net increase of 211,000 people, with 29.8 per cent growth in the number of active persons in each risk channel during the season, and 18.9 per cent increase in the number of new insured clients in the long-term personal insurance scheme throughout the year. The health insurance premium of $67,708 million was used to optimize the business architecture, and the Internet platform was built to produce results.
\triangleright Since 2015, the company has promoted the development of a “scientific life” strategy, building a “new generation of integrated business processing systems” based on the Internet and artificial intelligence, supporting client services and services through the “state life shop” and the “state of life e”
The company is expected to continue to benefit from the platform’s development. As a country’s old-fashioned insurance provider, the company’s performance has grown steadily throughout the year, and profits have increased in line with market expectations.
The market for life insurance is corely competitive. Long-term insurance coverage has increased, the scale of health insurance has increased, and guaranteed business development has accelerated.
2. Report on the dynamics of the non-banking financial sector (20180313).
The advantages of large-scale risk-taking are evident in the fact-finding report on events in the non-banking financial sector.
At the same time as the market, the system has led to the risk of the company's financial statements with a summary of data projections, Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a master's degree in economics from the University of Xian Transport, who worked at the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of Strategy and Development of the Large State Enterprise, responsible for macroeconomics and the economy.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels and is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free of any third party’s approval or influence.